    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    And to Director, thank you so very much. You appeared yesterday in front of the Homeland Security Committee and added a great deal of insight. And so I'd like to not pursue a line of questioning but hope to have an opportunity to meet with you on something we began discussing yesterday, which is cybersecurity and the whole role that it plays as really, I'd almost call it another figure, if you will, another entity in this scheme of terrorism.    I am the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, and with my Ranking Member and Chairman, we are looking to be responsible in addressing, which I believe, issues in the criminal justice system and somewhat overlapping the question of terrorism in this Committee, and certainly in Homeland Security.    Let me just quickly start with a question that I think I introduced in the record yesterday, the No Fly for Foreign Fighters. And we heard testimony that indicated the numbers might be going down, and then I had a number in my notes that there was 250, approximately, Americans who had left to the foreign fight and may be coming back.    The thing that I would say to you is that we must always be prepared. 9/11, the scenario of 9/11 was one that we had never imagined before. We had never imagined an airplane being used as a torpedo. We imagined hijacking. We lived through that. We never imagined. So most time imagination comes with Disney World, but I know that this is a very serious posture.    And so we want to just, hopefully, any extra tool that we can give you with respect to refining and defining the lists that you have to make sure that we have every potential--not every potential--but every foreign fighter. Would that be helpful to you?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So if we have this legislation, which is to add extra tools to you to ensure that that list is a vetted and a well-updated list, would that be helpful?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I appreciate that very much.    Let me move now to guns. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I imagine--and let me say that I served as a municipal court judge. I would see officers all the time, particularly see them undercover, and with a little smile on my face I'd have to say, ``Who are you?'' Because, obviously, dealing with some of the matters in local government, they were in some tough places and had to look that way as well.    And I recognize the dangers that our officers face. We had a horrific tragedy in our community in Houston, but we just recently lost an officer again in New York, and we lose officers, as we do with others who are impacted by guns, the 11-year-old who is a child who shot an 8-year-old over a dog, and another youngster, 3 years old, that had a gun, I believe, over this weekend and found it. We never can again imagine the ability of our children.    I ask you the question, why law enforcement is not our biggest champion, not on gun control? I call it gun safety regulation, not on diminishing the Second Amendment, but I call it responsibly handling weapons. Who would want to lose a 4-year-old in a drive-by shooting in New Mexico because someone had a gun?    And so can you answer? We've introduced legislation, and you might want to comment on this in particular, that gives you an extended period of time on this gun check situation, which was one of the horrible situations in the South Carolina nine where you were doing your work or the system was doing its work, but since you weren't heard from, they just allowed this gentleman to get a gun and kill nine people.    But can you answer? We have a number of legislative initiatives, Members of Congress don't want anything to do with taking away your gun, controlling, they want to regulate the safety infrastructure. I've introduced legislation to keep guns away from children.    Mr. Director, in your dealing with law enforcement, the impact that guns have on this, more guns in the United States than people, the impact on the work that you all do, would you answer that for me, please?    And my last thing before you go. There have been a number of church fires. We keep ignoring it. There's a series that just happened. We had another series before. Would you comment on the FBI's work that they're doing?    And if the Chairman would just indulge me, I'd just throw another question there, and I appreciate it. If you take this name down, Robbie Tolan, T-o-l-a-n, who was killed on his front porch--it wasn't a porch, it was a cement driveway of his home. Excuse me. Let me stand corrected. Let me apologize to his mother. He was wounded and still lives with a bullet in his liver.    And the disappointing aspect is that it was an officer who mistook him as an African American male in a stolen car. He was in his mother's car going home to his house in Houston, Texas, in a small city called Bellaire.    And my question is for you to look into what further FBI investigation can go into this case, and I would greatly appreciate it.    If, Mr. Chairman, you would allow him to answer that. I thank you for your indulgence.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, proliferation of guns endangers law enforcement across the Nation, does it not?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, he was just shaking his head saying yes.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.