    Chairman Neugebauer. The Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``Examining Legislative Proposals to Reduce Regulatory Burdens on Main Street Job Creators.''    Before I begin, I would like to thank the witnesses for traveling to 2128 Rayburn, and making yourselves available for our questions. I also ask unanimous consent that any members of the full Financial Services Committee who are not members of the subcommittee be allowed to participate in today's hearing.    Without objection, it is so ordered.    I now recognize myself for 3 minutes to give an opening statement.    Good morning. Today, we continue the subcommittee's focus on providing regulatory relief for Main Street job creators. Throughout this Congress, we have seen examples and heard testimony about how regulatory impediments prohibit job creation, cause consolidation of community financial institutions, and decrease the choices for our consumers.    Some of the proposals we have already considered have received bipartisan support. Many of the bills before this subcommittee today are no different. For example, Representative Stivers introduced H.R. 2121, the SAFE Transitional Licensing Act, which will ensure that workers who originate mortgages at depository institutions are able to move to nondepository institutions with a minimal amount of work disruption. This bill has very broad bipartisan support on the committee and in the House.    H.R. 2473, introduced by Ranking Member Clay and I, will ensure that small credit unions are able to more easily access the secondary mortgage market to ensure their members get competitive prices and robust credit availability. This bill is especially important in light of the Federal Housing Finance Agency's (FHFA's) proposed rule changing the membership requirements of the Federal Home Loan Banks.    While not yet bipartisan, H.R. 3340, from Representative Emmer, is another important bill to be considered today. It would provide much needed congressional control over the budget of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC). While I may not always agree with FSOC, it is perfectly positioned to help coordinate multi-agency regulatory issues. I have become increasingly disappointed that FSOC has failed to provide that coordination and has instead become dominated by the Treasury and the Federal Reserve.    Some will argue that this bill will undercut FSOC's work, but that is really not the case. H.R. 3340 preserves the funding stream for FSOC in the Office of Financial Research (OFR), but requires congressional approval on how they spend the money.    Several other great bills are before our committee today to demonstrate the hard work of several of our members, and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses about how these bills will work from a mechanical standpoint, and how they will also help us achieve the policy objective of reducing regulatory burdens for our job creators.    I now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee for as much time as he may consume.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    I will now introduce our panel. Dr. Paul Kupiec serves as a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. Dr. Kupiec's work focuses on the study of systemic risk and the management of and regulations of banks and financial markets.    Mr. Oliver Ireland serves as a partner in the law firm of Morrison & Foerster. Mr. Ireland's practice focuses on retail, financial services, and bank regulatory issues.    And Mr. Marcus Stanley serves as policy director at Americans for Financial Reform. Dr. Stanley's work focuses on all aspects of financial regulations with a focus on Dodd-Frank law.    Each of you will be recognized for 5 minutes to give an oral presentation of your testimony. And without objection, each of your written statements will be made a part of the record.    Dr. Kupiec, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. Thank you.    Mr. Ireland, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    Now, Mr. Stanley, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    I want to go to H.R. 2209, the municipal securities as high-quality liquid assets. It was mentioned that in the current rule that high-quality investment grade municipals would not be HQLA. And so I think one of the questions that comes from that is--and I will start with you, Dr. Kupiec--what are the consequences to these municipals and to States if these investment grade municipals are not allowed to be high-quality liquid assets?    Chairman Neugebauer. Mr. Ireland, you said in your testimony that the demand for these securities generated by the designation would create liquidity and result in lower cost of funding. Can you also elaborate, then, on how this designation can increase the demand by the banks for these municipal securities?    Chairman Neugebauer. It appeared to me that there were really kind of two losers, and that one is the States and municipalities, but also the banks. In this very-low-interest rate environment, a few basis points makes a big difference. And obviously, the municipals have two advantages to them, one a little bit higher yield, and the other is the tax consequences of not being taxable also enhance that yield a little bit.    Chairman Neugebauer. Mr. Stanley, you mentioned in your testimony that there were some important safeguards in H.R. 2209 that you were complimentary of, so would you elaborate a little bit on those?    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. I don't really have enough time for another question, so I am going to recognize the gentleman from Missouri, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    I recognize the gentleman from New Mexico, the vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Pearce, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The gentleman's time has expired.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hinojosa, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Missouri, the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Committee, Mr. Luetkemeyer, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Waters, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. I thank you very much.    And I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentlewoman.    The gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    Now, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentlewoman.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now, the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I am going to have to ask the gentleman to ask the witnesses to respond--    Chairman Neugebauer. I now yield to the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Emmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    Now the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from New Hampshire, Mr. Guinta, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now, I recognize the gentleman from Indiana, the chairman of the Republican Policy Committee, Mr. Messer, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Stivers, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Indiana, Mr. Stutzman, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And I would like to thank our witnesses for their testimony today.    Without objection, I would like to submit the following statements for the record: the Credit Union National Association; and the National Association of Federal Credit Unions. Without objection, it is so ordered.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    With that, this hearing is adjourned.