    Mr. Rubin. Thank you, Chairman Gowdy, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished members of the committee. It is an honor to be with you, and thank you for providing me with the opportunity to give testimony to your committee this morning.    My name is Joel Rubin, and I am the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for House Affairs in the Department's Legislative Affairs Bureau. In this role, I serve as the Department's chief liaison to the House, responsible for ensuring that the multitude of foreign-policy issues that the House cares about, from fighting terrorism, to preventing a nuclear Iran, to expanding our economic alliances in Asia, to supporting your constituents when they travel overseas, are dealt with both efficiently and effectively.    I have served in the Federal Government for more than a decade, including both as a Hill staffer and as a civil servant in the State Department during the Bush administration. I work closely with committees and leadership in the House on a daily basis, ensuring that the Department's relationships and communications with the House are strong. And that is why I am here before you today.    As you know, the State Department has a strong record of cooperation with your committee, something which we are proud of and something that you yourself recently acknowledged, Mr. Chairman--statements for which we are grateful. This is consistent with our work prior to this committee's formation, as the Department has provided nearly 2 years of steady cooperation with Congress on Benghazi by responding to requests from 10 committees, through hearings with several officials, including former Secretary Clinton, and by providing more than 20 witness interviews and more than 55 congressional briefings, in addition to responding to hundreds of congressional inquiries. Since the formation of this committee in May of last year, we have provided four briefings and witnesses for two more hearings, plus today's. And, crucially, we have produced more than 40,000 pages of documents related to the tragic Benghazi attacks, all of which are in the hands of your committee today.    Since our most recent conversation with the committee last month about its top priorities, the Department has been hard at work on implementing your most recent requests for documents and interviews. Our progress has been slowed somewhat by the holidays and the briefing we provided to you on January 13th, but also by the breadth and time span of the document request itself. Nonetheless, we will begin producing documents soon to the committee to meet this request.    To put it bluntly, your priorities are our priorities. Therefore, in addition to the priority documents we will be providing soon, we also look forward to continuing to work with your staff to ensure that your requested interviews can proceed, so long as they do not jeopardize the Department of Justice's investigation and prosecution of the perpetrators of the Benghazi attacks.    It is important to remember that from a management perspective we cannot respond to every request for a hearing, a briefing, documents, or interviews simultaneously. But we can and will prioritize our resources to address each request in the order that you identify as most important to you, as the committee most recently did in December.    Turning to your December requests for interviews, your staff informed us that, of the 22 names requested, the committee's priority was to interview the Diplomatic Security agents who served heroically during the attacks. We understand the committee's interest in interviewing these agents, and I am sure that the committee does not want to take any action that would create risks to their personal safety or their ability to do their jobs. We at the State Department have concerns that the requested interviews will pose precisely such risks. We also want to avoid interfering with the Department of Justice's ongoing investigations and prosecutions.    As a result, we have been in ongoing conversations since December with your staff, counsel for the agents, and the Department of Justice to try to find a way forward that accommodates your request without endangering these men and their families, without negatively impacting national security, and without harming the ongoing investigation and prosecution of the perpetrators of the attacks. We are hopeful that an accommodation can be reached.    In closing, we are proud of the significant and steady progress we have made on the committee's document and interview requests. We are grateful to the committee and its staff for your collegiality, and we look forward to continuing to work with the committee on its most recent priority document and interview requests, of which you will be seeing additional tangible responses in the near future.    Thank you, and I look forward to the committee's questions.    Mr. Rubin. Yes, sir, I have.    Mr. Rubin. My understanding is that the committee has been asked to review the incidents related to the Benghazi attacks in all of the--as you described at the beginning, in all of the aspects that it seeks.    Mr. Rubin. Certainly that is our understanding. And we support providing information related to that request.    Mr. Rubin. Well, if that is the--if that is the--ultimately the decision----    Mr. Rubin. No, I am not. And we defer to the committee's direction on how it wants to proceed.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, I don't have it in front, so I can't quote it verbatim.    Mr. Rubin. Sure.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, the Department of Justice has been clear with----    Mr. Rubin. Sir, no one has said that Congress cannot interview the witnesses.    Mr. Rubin. My understanding--and I am the chief liaison to the House for the State Department--is that our colleagues at the Department of Justice have been in touch with your staff----    Mr. Rubin. My colleagues within the State Department who work on this on a daily basis.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, I am not an attorney, I am not a prosecutor. What I am is the chief liaison to the House for the State Department. And what I am conveying is that the Justice Department has told us that this could have an impact, and that they would like to have a conversation with you and your committee about that.    Mr. Rubin. Every day I do that with my job. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rubin. In what context?    Mr. Rubin. The approach that we are taking at the State Department is to provide materials to the committee at the direction of the committee.    The request for interviews that you have reiterated here today, I am explaining that the Justice Department has said that they would like to have conversations with the committee for the concern about the protection----    Mr. Rubin . And the welfare of these agents in an ongoing investigation.    Mr. Rubin. Certainly.    Mr. Rubin. Certainly.    Mr. Rubin. I am confident that in the conversations between the Justice Department and the committee that those modalities can be discussed. I am not----    Mr. Rubin . The expert on how----    Mr. Rubin. No, sir.    Mr. Rubin. No, sir.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, as I said in my opening statement, we are happy to have the conversation with you and your staff on how to engage on this. And that is something that we are open to. We have never said no.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, I understand----    Mr. Rubin. I know it is not a trick question. And I understand the point, and this is why we are here.    Mr. Rubin. This is why we have provided the quantity of documents and worked in collegial terms----    Mr. Rubin. We have made a comprehensive search, and, as you know, the State Department spans 275 missions overseas, 70,000 employees----    Mr. Rubin. We have provided a comprehensive amount of----    Mr. Rubin. Roughly 70,000.    Mr. Rubin. Correct.    Mr. Rubin. In your committee's December letter where it named principals, first, many--in fact, all of those principals have--there are emails, there are documents related to them in that 40,000. And, in addition, you and your----    Mr. Rubin. Well, you and your colleagues prioritized former Secretary Clinton's emails, and that is our priority, as I stated in my opening statement.    Mr. Rubin. And----    Mr. Rubin . We agree. And we are, as I said earlier----    Mr. Rubin. Sir, I assure you that----    Mr. Rubin . That we do not either.    Mr. Rubin. Absolutely. And this is why we are here today. We have made two witnesses available since the fall of last year. We are prepared at any time, proactively, as you and your colleagues know, to----    Mr. Rubin. Yes.    Mr. Rubin. Yes, it----    Mr. Rubin. Through an Act of Congress.    Mr. Rubin. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, first, of the 40,000 pages of documents that the committee has received, many of those are, in fact, related to the ARB.    Mr. Rubin. Sir----    Mr. Rubin . What we have communicated to you and to your staff and what we have been grateful for is the committee's explanation of its top priorities. And we would be very honored to continue to have those discussions. If the ARB, as you have noted here, becomes the top priority, that is certainly----    Mr. Rubin . Our priority.    Mr. Rubin. Yes.    Mr. Rubin. And that is why we are here, and that is why we have continuously engaged proactively with you and your committee, and we are happy to continue to do so.    Mr. Rubin. And I would mention, the 70,000 employees are engaged in their jobs.    Mr. Rubin. That is correct.    Mr. Rubin. Thank you, ma'am.    The 40,000 is the accumulation of 2-plus years of searching, of gathering of documents from across the entire State Department. We have provided these--we provided--    Mr. Rubin. So it is 40,000 pages of documents. I said 40,000 documents. I mean to say 40,000 pages of documents. That is a significant amount. That is what we have found. That is what we have searched for, and that what is what we have found.    Mr. Rubin. I appreciate the question. Thank you.    At the State Department, we do not have a single person responsible for document requests. When we have a document request that comes from Congress, the requested information sought essentially means that all individuals at the State Department who may be related to that information have to go looking in their files. Oftentimes, these are desk officers responsible for country issues, people working in our military affairs bureau, nuclear nonproliferation bureau.    So we don't----    Mr. Rubin . Have one single point of contact.    Mr. Rubin. Regarding the collection of documents, I can't tell you how many State Department people over the past several years have provided documents specifically, because it is across the entire----    Mr. Rubin. It is a fair management question. And what happens is, when we get the information from across the building, there are people who review the documents.    We had a discussion with the committee where we came to an agreement with the chairman and the committee that we would at the State Department provide minimal redactions of the 40,000 pages of documents. Those redactions are made by experts who look at equities related to----    Mr. Rubin. Again, the production is an effort that is across the entire State Department.    Mr. Rubin. Ma'am, I assure you that this is the highest priority. When individuals at the State Department are asked to provide documents to Congress, people move on it. It is not a question of people not. It is a question, however, of the comprehensive nature of acquiring all the information available, and we want to make sure that we do that well.    Mr. Rubin. That means that if we have one or two individuals, they may miss things, so we need to go to everybody----    Mr. Rubin. It essentially is as you described. It means going and searching the files, searching the electronic, the hard files, and looking for the documents that are relevant.    We have multiple document requests underway all the time from Congress on multiple issues that affect the whole breadth of American foreign policy. And what that means, then, in practical purposes is, when Congress says, we need documents on topic X, then that topic is shared with the Department, and individuals at the Department have to go search for whether they have information related to that topic.    Mr. Rubin. The State Department has an agreement in place with the committee that we are very happy with, which is minimal redactions of these 40,000 pages of documents. And the committee has told us that they are comfortable with that.    Mr. Rubin. Ma'am, those are not necessarily State Department redactions. We cover foreign policy across the board, and multiple agencies and equities are involved in the review process.    Mr. Rubin. That is historic standard practice from the State Department to ensure that we are providing the documents in the most user-friendly manner possible. But I am happy to take back that request.    Mr. Rubin. So, ma'am, this goes back to the original questions that you asked. And we are trying to provide the documents in as quick a manner as possible that are relevant to the committees for their investigations. If you are asking that we collate the paper, do the work to review it ourselves, that is----    Mr. Rubin. Yes, I did.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, Chris Stevens was a friend of mine. I worked on Capitol Hill----    Mr. Rubin . Alongside Chris. And----    Mr. Rubin . Sir, I am sorry----    Mr. Rubin. Okay.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, I am not commenting on the question of is this a frivolous, partisan investigation, because you----    Mr. Rubin . Are reciting what I wrote in 2012----    Mr. Rubin . When I was not in the government.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, again, in 2012, after Chris Stevens was killed--and I remember the morning, because he was a friend, and I remember when his name was announced on the radio, and my heart sunk to my feet because I knew Chris, and he represented the best of the State Department, the best of America. And----    Mr. Rubin . I am sorry, sir, his name at that time was not being used in a manner that I felt respected his memory.    Mr. Rubin. Sir----    Mr. Rubin . The State Department is and has been, from the Secretary on down, happy to comply with and work with the committee, as the chairman himself has said in a letter as well as in public comment that we have been cooperative.    Mr. Rubin. My testimony is that I am the chief liaison, that the State Department has a significant number of people working on a significant number of issues. In my job, I convey those issues, as requested by Congress, and go back and forth in dialogue with the Foreign Affairs Committee, the other----    Mr. Rubin. As I have said, sir, and as I can assure you, as I said in my testimony, we will begin the production of additional documents to the committee within days. We are also needing the guidance from the committee as to its top priorities and sequencing.    Mr. Rubin. The committee had told us it is a top priority.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, we have a record of cooperation with this committee. Even----    Mr. Rubin . In recent days, we proactively offered a briefing to this committee that was not requested.    Mr. Rubin. Sir----    Mr. Rubin . It was more than a briefing, much more than a briefing.    Mr. Rubin. And we are committed to providing the documents.    Mr. Rubin. Ma'am, the request for these interviews came on December 4th, I believe, and we spoke quickly with the committee and the staff to try to figure out what the highest priorities were. And it was communicated to us that the four Diplomatic Security agents, DS, that that was the highest priority.    And that is where it runs into this complexity of an ongoing investigation to prosecute, potentially, the individual that is in custody for those terrorist attacks. And the Justice Department has raised concerns that we need to be mindful of. That is----    Mr. Rubin. That is the only discussion that we have had related to that, to be mindful of that.    Mr. Rubin. To provide a bit of context----    Mr. Rubin. Ma'am, we are always open to communicating and speaking with you. I am not the legal expert for the State Department. I will not take on that role. But I will tell you that----    Mr. Rubin . We have lawyers at the State Department that are continually in touch, and individuals and staff, with the staff of the committee, and we are always open to that conversation.    Mr. Rubin. I would have to get you the specific person, but I am sure that the staffs know who they are speaking with directly about these issues.    Mr. Rubin. Well, the Legal Advisor is Mary McLeod. But that is the Legal Adviser, the top of the State Department Office of the Legal Adviser.    But within the context of the letter request for these interviews, it is important to remember that after we receive the requests, we have gone to the committee to ask for the priorities. In that interim process, we have prepared briefings, we have been engaged. And it took several weeks to get the priorities from the committee.    Mr. Rubin. They are all----    Mr. Rubin. Because we want to know for your work, to make it as easy as possible, what it is that you are looking at as the highest to-do item on your checklist.    Mr. Rubin. Of course.    Mr. Rubin. I am not intimately knowledgeable of every individual the ARB spoke with.    Mr. Rubin. Thank you.    Mr. Rubin. Yes, although I am not the expert in interviews.    Mr. Rubin. I can't speak to the effectiveness of interviews, but----    Mr. Rubin. We have not, sir.    Mr. Rubin. Similar to Mr. Higgins.    Mr. Rubin. So the different agencies that have redacted in different areas cut across the entire interagency, as----    Mr. Rubin . Many agencies are involved in foreign policy.    Mr. Rubin. We would be happy to meet with your staff to go over specific documents to identify where those redactions came from.    Mr. Rubin. Again, if another agency did it, we would engage with the committee staff and with that agency to help figure that out.    Mr. Rubin. In terms of communicating with other agencies, we have classified communication systems that are part of the daily operations of foreign policy, broadly speaking, national security. So, certainly, at State, we communicate with all relevant agencies who are engaged in national security.    Mr. Rubin. No, sir. Related to the document request and the 40,000 pages of documents that you have, there are some classified documents, there are some unclassified documents, in that which we have provided.    Mr. Rubin. There is a process for determining when information is classified as well as to what level. I can't speak----    Mr. Rubin . In total specificity, but, generally, when communications are classified between agencies or within agencies, if that type of information is related to the document request we are also seeking it.    Mr. Rubin. I believe the process is that we have gone to all the agencies who are relevant to these documents and asked for review.    Mr. Rubin. Yes. And we, as well, in agreement with the committee several months ago also agreed with the committee's desire to have minimal redactions, and so we went back over these 40,000 pages of documents and minimized the redactions.    Mr. Rubin. Well, my understanding is that we received 18,000 FOIA requests last calendar year. So----    Mr. Rubin . It is safe to say it is significant.    Mr. Rubin. And this is part and parcel of our cooperative working relationship with the committee, which is to provide these documents with minimal redactions. Many of the categories that were redacted from the State Department we have reduced.    Mr. Rubin. Thank you, Mr. Cummings.    We have been given priorities, which is to ensure that in the immediate term that we provide additional documents related to a specific search for former Secretary Clinton as the top priority, and the second priority is that the four DS agents, that we work with them to help secure interviews.    Mr. Rubin. It was initiated through the continual contact and communications between staff and committee and our officials, our personnel at State, including with the letters on December 4th and at the end of November, I think November 18th, as well, that laid out those questions. And then through engagement with staff it got refined.    Mr. Rubin. Yes.    Mr. Rubin. We are responsive to the committee's priorities.    Mr. Rubin. It----    Mr. Rubin. Number one is the production of documents that were requested regarding former officials, and the top of the list, again, was Former Secretary Clinton. Number two is the interviews of the four Diplomatic Security agents that we referenced.    Those have been the ones that have been clearly communicated. That is not to say that the other requests are forgotten. That is not it at all. What it is is to say that those are the issues, those are the items that we have worked most diligently on.    We have a good story here, in that we are producing--within several days, we will begin producing to the committee the beginning of those documents that were requested. It has only been 6 weeks, roughly, since the initial request and then about a month of the finalization of that. And in between that, we have prepared for hearings that didn't come about, we had the holiday break. And then this hearing, as well, the request was last Wednesday evening, and we are here this morning on Tuesday.    Mr. Rubin. I am not the expert on the whole ARB process.    Mr. Rubin. Yes, I do in general terms. I know----    Mr. Rubin. And Secretary Starr came and testified on that.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, as I previously mentioned----    Mr. Rubin. Sir, as I just mentioned with Mr. Cummings, the top two priorities that were communicated to us for the immediate term were these interviews----    Mr. Rubin . And these other documents. But we are happy----    Mr. Rubin. Okay.    Mr. Rubin. So we had two hearings with Secretary Starr about the ARB implementation. The ARBs themselves are crucial to providing security for our people. That is why they are there.    And the document request that you are referencing, there are documents, as well, in the 40,000 pages of documents that are related----    Mr. Rubin . To the ARB, as well.    Mr. Rubin. I have not read all 40,000 pages.    Mr. Rubin. I cannot----    Mr. Rubin. I don't want to misstate that, but----    Mr. Rubin. Again, sir, I did not----    Mr. Rubin . Draft the ARB, and I have not read all 40,000 pages. I am here to convey to the House, to the committee, what it is that we are working on. So the----    Mr. Rubin. It is not something I----    Mr. Rubin. The document request----    Mr. Rubin. The document request was related more broadly to an overall search for documents from the State Department.    Now, as far as the ARB investigation, it is important to also recognize that ARBs over time need to stand the independence, as you have cited----    Mr. Rubin . And that is for the security of our personnel.    Mr. Rubin. Again, I cannot tell you specifically every single document----    Mr. Rubin . Has been in there. But, again, if the committee tells us that that is in their priorities and sequencing----    Mr. Rubin . The number-one thing--    Mr. Rubin. 1986. Yes.    Mr. Rubin. Part of the core integrity of the ARB----    Mr. Rubin. Sir, the core integrity of the ARB is reliant upon discretion----    Mr. Rubin . And the ability of these people----    Mr. Rubin. I would have to go and ask our experts about that. Again, I----    Mr. Rubin . Am the liaison to the House.    Mr. Rubin. No, I am not saying that. I am saying that I am going to get our experts----    Mr. Rubin . To help convey that.    Mr. Rubin. I want to get you the proper information.    Mr. Rubin. Sir, we have been proactive with the committee. We have provided briefings that the committee didn't request. And we are always open to, as I stated earlier, to have these----    Mr. Rubin. That is my understanding.    Mr. Rubin. We were producing significant numbers of documents throughout that period. We have been producing documents practically every month since October of 2012.    Mr. Rubin. Unfortunately, 2 and a quarter.    Mr. Rubin. Thank you. We are happy to.