    Mr. Gowdy. We will now begin by welcoming everyone to this morning's hearing on ``Sanctuary Cities: a Threat To Public Safety.'' And I will recognize myself for an opening statement.    I want to thank all of our witnesses for being here today, and I want to express, Mr. Steinle, to you my profound sympathy to you and to Kate's mother, to her brother, and all of your family, and those who cherished her, for the tragic loss of your beautiful daughter.    The preeminent function of government is to provide for the safety and security of the law-abiding public. It is among the chief reasons we consent to be governed and bound by a collection of laws. We want those that we love to be protected, so we abide by the law in the hopes that others will feel similarly bound.    What makes this Nation different is our respect for and adherence to the law because the law is the greatest unifying force in our culture, and it is the great equalizing force in our culture. In fact, we think so highly of the law that we make aspiring citizens take an oath that contains six separate references to the law.    This system of laws failed Kate Steinle as it has failed others like her, and this is more than an academic discussion about prosecutorial discretion. It is more than political pandering to certain voting constituencies. It is more than the supremacy clause or the commandeering clause. It is quite literally life and death.    And this is the real world where everyone is not a DREAMer, and everyone is not a valedictorian. There are criminals motivated by malice and a conscious disregard for the lives of others, and there are cities more interested in providing a sanctuary for those criminals than they are providing a sanctuary for their own law-abiding citizens.    I have been on this Committee, Mr. Chairman, for almost 5 years now, and I have listened closely to the debate over immigration. You do not hear many witnesses called by our colleagues on the other side to talk about law enforcement or background checks or enforcement mechanisms. You do hear certain phrases repeated with catatonic frequency as if rote repetition will somehow make it true.    You hear phrases like ``functional control over the board'' uttered by witnesses who are uniquely well-positioned to know better. You hear citizenship for 11 million undocumented aspiring Americans as if 11 million of any category could pass a background check. You hear arguments against empowering State and local law enforcement to assist Federal authorities, and those are the most illogical arguments of all.    We trust State and local law enforcement to investigate all manner of crime from murder, to sexual assault, to kidnapping, to narcotics trafficking, but God forbid they help us enforce immigration laws. State and local law enforcement are good enough to provide protection for Members of Congress in this city and when they are back home, but somehow, some way, all that changes when it comes to the issue of immigration. They are no longer smart enough to enforce Federal immigration law.    And even though some do not trust State and local law enforcement to enforce Federal law, they are more than happy to allow State and local officials to openly ignore that same Federal immigration law, which brings us to that benign-sounding phrase, ``sanctuary cities.'' The definition of ``sanctuary'' is a place of refuge or safety. It almost sounds utopian, a place of refuge, a place of safety.    Refuge for whom? Safety for whom? For a young woman walking on a pier with her father, or for a career recidivist like Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, who had a quarter century's worth of lawlessness dating all the way back to 1991. He committed local, State, and Federal crimes in at least 5 separate States. He was deported 5 times, and each time had so little regard for the law that he reentered that border that we are supposed to have functional control over.    His procedural history is every bit as disturbing. In May of 2011, this defendant was convicted and sentenced to 46 months imprisonment for illegal reentry again. At the conclusion of that sentence, he was released from the Bureau of Prisons to a known sanctuary jurisdiction for the ostensible prosecution of an old drug case. And, of course, San Francisco did not prosecute that old drug case. They dismissed it, which surprises exactly no one.    And then they released this defendant. They did not return him to the Bureau of Prisons or to Federal probation. They did not honor the detainer placed on him by ICE. They released someone they knew was not legally in this country and that had a criminal history dating back to the early 1990's.    And we are given a litany of excuses for policies like this. We are told that we need policies like the one in San Francisco so people will cooperate with law enforcement. And I want you to consider how utterly illogical that is. We are releasing known criminals back into society so society will help us catch known criminals. And, of course, some of our friends on the other side say all of this is necessary so folks will, to use the President's word, ``come forward'' or ``get on the books,'' or ``get right with the law.''    I want you to ask yourself, what in this defendant's background leads you to believe that he would ever come forward or get on the books or get right with the law? He was already on the books. Better than that, he was in jail, and he was there because he had not complied with a single damn thing we had asked him to do.    So are we supposed to catch him again after San Francisco releases him? Do we wait on another victim? Is that the strategy behind sanctuary cities; release them and then wait until they victimize someone else? Is that what we mean by coming forward?    The President and others constantly talk about comprehensive immigration reform, but they are very light on the details when it comes to enforcement and background checks. They just fundamentally fail to understand that border security, both borders by the way--both of them--and internal security are fundamental conditions precedent to fixing our broken immigration system.    Mr. Steinle, about a year ago there was a precious little girl waiting on the steps of the Capitol for me after votes, and I knew what was coming, so I could not walk past her. I knew or suspected that she would repeat those phrases that so-called advocates teach children to repeat to Members of Congress. But I had to stop as any father of a daughter would, and I stopped and the little girl said, I want to pray for you, one of the stuff that the advocates tell the children to say. She just said, I want to pray for you.    So I picked her up, and in a mixture of Spanish and English she told God that she was not here legally, but she wanted to stay. And everyone that I know would want to help that little girl. But everyone also should have wanted to help your little girl, Mr. Steinle. She was not 5, but she is still your daughter, and this country should have protected her.    And I hope you are given answers. I hope the politicians in San Francisco will explain to you why they thought it was more important to provide a sanctuary to Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez than they did to provide a sanctuary for your daughter. And I hope this Administration will tell you why a Bureau of Prisons released a five-time illegal entrant to a known sanctuary city for a piddling damn drug charge that wound up being dismissed. And I hope San Francisco will tell you why they released a convicted felon rather than honor the detainer in place, or just simply return him to ICE. You deserve those answers, and you deserve to know that your daughter's sacrifice had meaning and purpose, and that her death will serve to save the lives of other people.    When Trayvon Martin was shot and even before our criminal justice system had acted, the President said that could have been his son. For those of us that have daughters, which includes the President, your daughter could have been our daughter.    I used to have a quote on the wall of my old office at the courthouse, and it was given to me by a victim advocate. It is from a Greek philosopher named Solon. I will paraphrase it, but this is pretty close. He was asked what city was the best one to live in, and he answered that city where those who are not injured by crime. Take up the cause of those who are as if it had been them.    That is the kind of country we should want, too, one where we do not have to lose our daughters, to feel the pain that you feel. And we should not have to lose daughters to know that no one else should have to feel like you feel this morning.    With that, I would recognize the Ranking Member.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. I thank the gentlelady from California. The Chair would now recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Virginia yields back. The gentlelady from California is recognized briefly for a unanimous consent.    Mr. Gowdy. We welcome our very distinguished panel of witnesses today. I would ask you to all rise so I can administer an oath.    Do you swear the testimony you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Mr. Gowdy. May the record reflect all the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    I will introduce you en banc and then recognize you individually for your opening statement.    From left to right, Mr. Jim Steinle of Pleasanton, California is the father of Kate Steinle who was murdered on July the 1, 2015 by a recidivist criminal alien who had been released from the San Francisco Sheriff's Department.    Sheriff Scott Jones started with Sacramento County Sheriff's Department in 1989 as a security officer at their brand new main jail. As a deputy he worked in corrections patrol, legal affairs. He was promoted through the ranks to sergeant, lieutenant, and finally captain. As sheriff, he instituted an annual strategic planning process that prioritizes projects and continues to drive the department forward.    He holds a bachelor's degree in criminal justice from CSU Sacramento and a juris doctor degree from Lincoln Law School.    Ms. Jessica Vaughan currently serves as the director of policy studies for the Center for Immigration Studies. She has been with the Center since 1992 where she has experience in immigration policy and operations topics such as visa programs, immigration benefits, and immigration law enforcement. And, in addition, she is an instructor for senior law enforcement, training seminars at Northwestern University Center for Public Safety in Illinois.    She has a master's degree from Georgetown and a bachelors in international studies at Washington College in Maryland.    Finally, Chief Richard Biehl joined the Dayton Police Department as Director in Chief on January 28, 2008. He has more than 35 years of experience in law enforcement. He served on the Cincinnati Police Department from 1980 to 2004 in positions including officer, sergeant, lieutenant, captain, and ultimately assistant police chief.    Welcome to all of you. Mr. Steinle, you are recognized for your opening remarks.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Steinle.    Sheriff Jones?    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Sheriff.    Ms. Vaughan?    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Ms. Vaughan.    Chief Biehl?    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Chief, and thank all our witnesses.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador, for his questions.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Idaho yields back. The gentlelady from California.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes, sir, you did.    Mr. Gowdy . The gentleman from Illinois yields back. The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Texas, the past Chairman of this Committee, Mr. Smith.    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair thanks the former Chairman of the Committee and recognizes the gentlelady from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady is out of time, but the chief may answer.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady is out of time, but you may answer her question.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back. The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Colorado, the former district attorney, Mr. Buck.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Colorado yields back. The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Texas, the former U.S. attorney, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman is out of time, Sheriff, but you may answer the gentleman's question.    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair thanks the former U.S. attorney, and recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Trott.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Michigan yields back. The Chair recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Steinle, I want to thank you for beautifully capturing the essence of your daughter was. And I have read everything that I can get my hands on, and I last night watched the clips of various family members describing your daughter, and she is precisely the kind of person that our country desperately needs. So I want to thank you for sharing her with us today.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes, sir, which is a perfect segue. I was going to thank Chief Biehl and Sheriff Jones and ask that they specifically tell the women and men that work with them how grateful all of us for folks who go into that profession and that calling. And I suspect that both the chief, and the sheriff, and the women and men that work with them would tell you that there are lots of really hard parts of being in law enforcement. The crime scene photos never leave your head. You never get them out. The crimes scenes themselves you never get out.    But the hardest part for most law enforcement officers that I have talked to is having to talk to the families, like the four ladies sitting right behind you because they have got really good questions. Why? Why did this happen? How did this happen? And those questions go all the way up to the theological. Those are not just law enforcement questions. They are life altering, lifelong questions. So tell the folks that you work with how grateful we are.    Sheriff, this is something that I am struggling to understand. ICE had probable cause for Mr. Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, correct? I mean, he is a five-time convicted illegal entrant. I think even some of the members of this panel could have won that case in court. So they had probable cause.    Mr. Gowdy. Why not a warrant? Why a detainer?    Mr. Gowdy. But surely even sanctuary cities like San Francisco would have to honor a Federal warrant.    Mr. Gowdy. Because the Bureau of Prisons honored a local warrant.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I want to give you one other way to fix it, Chief, and I will go to you for this one. San Francisco wound up dismissing that warrant, correct?    Mr. Gowdy. But they could have dismissed it while he was halfway through his Federal prison sentence.    Mr. Gowdy. They could have dismissed it when he had a month to go on his Federal prison sentence.    Mr. Gowdy. They could have dismissed it at any point in his Federal prison sentence. Therefore, he never would have been returned to the City of San Francisco.    Mr. Gowdy. And if I were Mr. Steinle, those are some of the question that I probably would be asking is you knew you were going to dismiss this warrant. You knew that. Hell, I am not even sure drugs are still illegal in San Francisco. So you knew that case was not going to be prosecuted. Why did you wait until he was in your custody to dismiss it, leading to this result?    All right. I want to move to one other thing. To both my law enforcement officers, have you ever noticed throughout the pendency of your careers that folks start with misdemeanors, and then they kind of work their way up to aggravated misdemeanors, and then they get into felonies. Rarely do you go from zero to 100 miles an hour. Rarely. And when you do go from zero to 100 miles an hour and commit a murder or a sexual assault or a kidnapping, you are in jail. If you have got a decent prosecutor and a halfway decent case, those folks are already locked up.    So since we accept the fact that you do not go from zero to 100, I think we are missing the boat if we focus solely on felonies when it comes to background checks for folks who want to be in this country. Look, all misdemeanors are not the same. Speeding is a violation. DUI is worse. Recidivist DUIs are worse. Property damage DUI is even worse. Personal injury DUI is even worse. I get all that. But this obsession that we have with only felons, we can only deport felons. Sheriff, has that been your experience, that people who commit misdemeanors always learn their lessons and never graduate?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. I am out of time, but I want to ask one final question because this deals with broader issues of immigration. I want to assume for the sake of argument that there are 11 million undocumented folks in the country. Let us assume that. And I do not know what the percentage is. Ms. Vaughan, maybe you do. Of that 11 million, what percentage have either felony or what we could consider to be serious misdemeanor criminal histories?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. Let us do this.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, let us do this. Just for the sake of conservatism, let us cut that in half. Let us say it is a million. Let us err on the side of being conservative. What is the Administration's plan for removing those 1 million? To wait until they reoffend? Does anyone know the plan?    Mr. Gowdy. This is not a rhetorical question. I am honestly asking if the strategy is to wait until those 1 million reoffend. Somebody is going to be apologizing to a whole lot of moms and dads. Is there another strategy that either of the law enforcement professionals or Ms. Vaughan, is there a strategy other than simply waiting for that 1 million to reoffend?    If you cannot ask about status, if you cannot place a detainer, how are we going to identify that universe, however small it may be? If you are Mr. Steinle, it does not matter if it is one. What is our plan to identify that universe before they reoffend? Not all at once.    Mr. Gowdy. When you say ``take action,'' you mean wait for them to do something else wrong where they interact with law enforcement?    Mr. Gowdy. But there are less ICE agents than there are officers in certain big cities in the United States. There are 5,000. All right. I am out of time. I cannot ask about U visas. I will close in just a second.    I want to recognize my colleague from California for any closing remarks she may have.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady yields back. And with respect to the warrants, the gentlelady is exactly right. I do want them enforced, particularly if there is a victim involved. But it is really easy. You just tell the prosecutor and the local law enforcement agency you have X amount of time with which to resolve this warrant. You can try it. You can plead it. You can dismiss it. That is up to you. But you are going to return this person back to the Agency or entity from which they came. You are not going to release them. That is an easy fix. Give California, give San Francisco 30 days. It is 20 years old. Good luck finding the witnesses. My concern more is that all of that could have been done while that person was serving a prison sentence. All of it could have been done.    So let me just in closing, Chief Biehl, Sheriff Jones, I want to tell you, I think you have got folks on task forces. I do not know if you have folks on task forces that are not. They are probably Federal task forces. They may be RICO. They may be OCDETF. Those are pretty complex matters, too, if you have ever tried to unlock a Federal RICO case. Hell, for that matter State DUI laws are 16 pages long, and your guys are smart enough to do DUI laws. So I reject the notion that somehow immigration law is too complex for State and local law enforcement.    But I want to end the same way I started, Mr. Steinle, by thanking you for your courage. For those of us that are parents or, frankly, even if you are not a parent, I could not do what you have done. I could not have the grace. I could not do it. So thank you.    Mr. Gowdy. Ms. Vaughan, thank you. And, Sheriff Jones and Chief Biehl, if you would be kind enough to let the women and men that work with you know how grateful we are for their service.    With that, Members have 5 legislative days to put whatever they want in the record and with that, we are adjourned.