    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Esser, what are the risks that are associated with not having a valid system authorization?    Mr. Hice. Okay. With all the things that we are talking about here today, Ms. Seymour, you were obviously fully aware of these risks and OPM was aware of these risk?    Mr. Hice. Okay.    Now, I kind of hate going back to this because it has come up several times already today, but still I am waiting for an answer. The inspector general put out his report last November expressing great alarm, recommending that OPM consider shutting down the systems because of the risks that you knew about, Ms. Archuleta knew about, and yet these recommendations were ignored.    Now, I am going to come back to you with this because, quite frankly, Ms. Archuleta has tried to dodge this question and dance all around it. I want to come straight up with you. Why were those recommendations not followed?    Mr. Hice. Did the plan that you were in process of implementing work? Obviously, it didn't. Would shutting it down have worked?    Mr. Hice. But the vulnerability was still there and your plan failed.    Mr. Hice. Mr. Esser, let me come back to you. Currently, what are the consequences of owners of OPM IT system? Currently, what are the consequences now if they operate without a valid authorization?    Mr. Hice. So it sounds to me like this thing is still not being taken seriously. If there are no consequences for operating without authorization, why in the world are we still operating without authorization? Or is that occurring?    Mr. Hice. But there are no consequences for not operating on a system with authorization, so how seriously are you taking it?    Mr. Hice. What are they?    Mr. Hice. That is not the consequences. What are the consequences? You said there are consequences. I want to know what they are.    Mr. Hice. That doesn't sound like consequences; that sounds like just reporting that you are required to do anyway. There are no consequences involved in those reports.    Mr. Esser, again, are there measures that need to be taken to get the whole thing up to the standard it ought to be? I mean, is there anything that you would recommend?