    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me acknowledge that this is your first hearing as the official Chair. While you have occupied the seat before, this is your first time as Chair, and I commend you and want to thank you for the conversations that you and I have had prior to this hearing. While they were personal to us, I will indicate that they have been positive and productive. Again, I thank you.    I would also like to thank our staffs for the outstanding jobs that they have done in preparing us for today's hearing. I sincerely believe that without the staffs' aid and assistance, we would not be nearly as effective as we are. So again, thank you staff.    Mr. Chairman, I am pleased that we are taking an interest in how to improve the Federal agency principally responsible for providing housing to low-income Americans. Today's hearing will cover HUD Inspector General (IG) investigations into alleged wrongdoing at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.    The first report concerns lobbying actions taken by HUD that this subcommittee held a hearing on nearly a year ago. The IG's report for this incident concluded that HUD had not violated the Anti-Lobbying Act. However, individuals at HUD had violated HUD's internal policies related to lobbying Congress on pending legislation.    HUD has since taken action to clarify lobbying rules for its employees and acted to respond to the concerns raised during last year's hearing. More recently, the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) determined that the actions taken by individuals at HUD violated the Antideficiency Act related to the proper use of appropriated funds. As such, I fully expect HUD to comply appropriately and to take the necessary actions to address this.    The other topic of today's hearing is related to an IG investigation into alleged improper activities of an individual at HUD brought on through an agreement permitted under the Intergovernmental Personnel Act.    While these agreements are designed to provide Federal agencies the ability to employ subject matter experts on a temporary basis, I believe it is our responsibility to ensure that it is being done properly. The HUD IG investigation raises a number of concerns about the actions taken by individuals at HUD and whether there was proper consideration given to potential conflicts of interest. I want to be clear, perspicuously so, Mr. Chairman. I believe, as do you, that it is our subcommittee's responsibility to fully investigate what has occurred at HUD. And if wrongdoing is uncovered, it should be dealt with appropriately.    However, like you, Mr. Chairman, I contend that this subcommittee's ultimate goal must be improving HUD. HUD's mission is critical to the success of this Nation. By and large, HUD continues to provide support for affordable housing for millions of Americans, including over 14,000 veterans. And 56 percent of HUD's tenants supported by HUD are elderly or disabled.    HUD currently employs over 9,000 people around the United States. While it would appear that the IG's findings suggest that former HUD employees may have acted improperly, we should not conclude that their actions suggest a larger, more systemic problem at HUD.    I will reiterate that HUD should act appropriately, and it appears that HUD is addressing concerns raised by the IG. One of the things that I will introduce into evidence at some point, Mr. Chairman, is a joint communique signed by the Secretary of HUD and the IG indicating a willingness to work together to bring resolution to the concerns that have been raised. We should not allow this debate to metamorphose into anything more than trying to improve HUD.    Mr. Chairman, I agree with you. And, in fact, it is my hope that once the agency has addressed our concerns, this subcommittee will turn its attention to more pressing national matters, including the struggles of our country's smallest banks and the state of our public housing in America.    Mr. Chairman, nearly every member of this committee has heard from small banks about the struggles that they are facing in balancing their consumer protections with the regulatory burdens with which they struggle. Over 6,000 of our Nation's banks, which is more than 90 percent of all banks in this country, are under $1 billion in assets. And I believe that we must do more to help them lest we wish to stand idly by as the industry continues to consolidate.    While I look forward to this hearing and hearing from our witnesses, Mr. Chairman, I do want to work to improve HUD, and I am eager to tackle the many other issues that demand our attention.    I yield back.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you again to the witnesses.    Let me start with you, Ms. Perez. And thank you for appearing today. With reference to the report that you are to receive from HUD and that Congress is to receive as well, you have indicated that you have not received it. But would you go on and indicate at this time that this is not unusual given the length of time that has lapsed? And that sometimes it can take months to get these reports to the appropriate parties?    Mr. Green. And just for the record, to make it very clear, you are not contending that anything untoward has occurred by virtue of the report not having reached your office to date.    Mr. Green. Thank you. And with reference to the anti-lobbying, you do concede that if the wording in that letter had been appropriate to indicate that the Administration opposes a certain piece of legislation, or this is the Administration's position on a piece of legislation, that it would have been perfectly appropriate and would not have been a breach. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Green. Thank you. I am going to have to intercede for just a moment and move to Mr. Montoya because there are a couple of things I have to get into with him.    Mr. Green. Sir, thank you. It appears that two Texans have joined together to issue a joint communique, you and the Secretary. And I would like to ask a couple of questions about this. Is that something that is commonplace for a Secretary, to sign a communique with an IG?    Mr. Green. And if you had to characterize it as either unique or commonplace, you would lean more toward unique than commonplace, would you not?    Mr. Green. And in this communique, you indicate that you are working together to eliminate waste and mismanagement. And you go on to indicate that you believe that you can prevent these inefficiencies and that we can work together to make HUD a more effective and efficient organization. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Green. And have you found the new Director, Director Castro, to be someone that you can work with to date? And do you find him moving in the right direction?    Mr. Green. The organization itself, HUD, you have indicated that the infractions should not be perceived as pervasive, that these are things that occur in large organizations the size of HUD--9,000-plus employees--and you have been very clear on this. But I think for the record it is important to reiterate this. Is this true?    Mr. Green. And it is also true that what has been done is something that is correctable with a reasonable amount of effort and time. And you are eager to work with the new Secretary to make these corrections.    Mr. Green. Yes, sir. And you agree that the new Secretary, given his initial expression to you, should be given an opportunity to make the necessary corrections so that we can move forward with HUD.    Mr. Green. And finally this. The people who have been involved in these infractions, for the most part, are all no longer with HUD. I do understand that they left under circumstances that are sometimes questionable in the minds of some, but they are no longer there. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Green. Yes, but the--Mr. Jones is no longer there.    Mr. Green. Ms. Gross is no longer there.    Mr. Green. So for the most part, we can say that HUD has been--whether they have left, and that is a good thing, their leaving.    Mr. Green. Okay. And HUD is putting those behind them--    Mr. Green. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Green. If you would, Mr. Chairman, I will claim that additional minute. Thank you.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I may give you some time back. I want to thank the witnesses for appearing today. I am especially pleased to hear you say that you would give the new Secretary, Secretary Castro, a 10, which is an indication to me that you are looking forward to good things from him.    I look forward to working with you, and I believe that HUD is going to move in the right direction. There are some things that have to be corrected. I think they are taking corrective actions. But we are moving in the right direction. And we all agree that HUD is a necessary agency and that it does good things.    Thank you very much.