    Mr. Duncan. A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order.    I would now like to recognize myself for an opening statement.    And this is a joint subcommittee hearing between Asia-Pacific and the Western Hemisphere Subcommittees, and so we will allow opening statements from both chairmen as well as ranking members.    In 1793, President George Washington warned a young America that a reputation of weakness could lead us to a loss of America's rank among nations and that if we desired a secure peace it must be known that we are at all times ready for war. Washington also believed a uniform and well-digested plan was vital to meeting these objectives.    While the need for strategic planning to pursue a position of strength and keep the peace finds relevance today, the United States seems to have forgotten Washington's counsel. Broken promises, faded red lines, budget constraints, a lack of support for traditional allies, and an increasing reliance on tactics rather than strategy have communicated U.S. weakness to a watching world.    In 2013, Secretary John Kerry affirmed that the era of the Monroe Doctrine is over, effectively putting other countries, such as China, on notice that the United States would no longer contend their actions in our neighborhood, the Western Hemisphere.    In contrast to Roosevelt's policy of the Good Neighbor in 1933, the U.S. has drifted instead toward benign neglect toward the very countries that have the greatest potential to impact the daily lives of the American people--those in Latin America and the Caribbean. China has taken notice, and China has stepped up into this vacuum of leadership.    Today, China is weaving an intricate web of alliances in the Western Hemisphere through a vast array of diplomatic, economic, and military ties with multiple countries in the region. Although the United States remains the largest trading partner for Latin America--and I want to emphasize this--China is now the region's second-largest trading partner and has free-trade agreements with Chile, Peru, and Costa Rica.    This year, China hosted the first-ever China-CELAC summit in Beijing for Latin American and Caribbean nations. This organization expressly excludes both Canada and the United States.    Since 2005, China has provided over $100 billion in credit to the region. Last year, China announced it would give nearly $35 billion in loans to the region in coming years. And, this year, China promised its investment in the region would hit $250 billion over the next 10 years.    These are not just empty assurances. According to the Inter-American Dialogue, China has provided 16 loans valued at over $56 billion to Venezuela, 10 loans valued at $22 billion to Brazil, 10 loans valued at $19 billion to Argentina, and 12 loans valued at almost $11 billion to Ecuador.    In particular, Chinese banks have effectively provided a lifeline to these governments, whose economic mismanagement and corruption prevent them from accessing Western institutions. In return, China receives oil, in the case of both Venezuela and Ecuador. In addition, China has been buying up land and companies in the region, investing heavily in infrastructure and ports, as well as gobbling up a lot of rare earth minerals.    From 2008 to 2012, the 10 largest Chinese mergers and acquisitions occurred in Brazil and Argentina, and other deals have occurred in Ecuador, Venezuela, and Peru.    Of significant interest are two specific infrastructure projects: First, a proposed Chinese-funded and Chinese-controlled Nicaragua Canal, estimated to cost nearly $7 billion, which would rival the Panama Canal and provide greater access for Chinese ships and potentially submarines to the waters near U.S. shores. Second, a Chinese-funded Twin Ocean railroad project connecting Peru and Brazil would also project greater Chinese influence and presence in Latin America.    On a more troubling front, Brazil has provided the Chinese with access to its satellite tracking facilities, which could allow China to gain a more comprehensive picture of the flight paths of U.S. satellites.    In addition, Chinese security ties to the region continue to deepen, with the Chinese arms sales to Bolivia, Venezuela, Ecuador, and Argentina. Reportedly, China has even expanded its arms sales beyond traditional nation-states through providing military-caliber weapons to non-state actors such as the FARC terrorist organization in Colombia and drug trafficking organizations in Mexico. This activity has only served to increase the number of weapons in the hands of paramilitary forces and transnational criminal networks.    It should be of grave concern to all Americans that the Chinese maintain a military presence in Cuba, specifically Lourdes, Bejucal, and Santiago de Cuba, all of which were former Soviet-era monitoring facilities.    Clearly, China has big plans right here in our own hemisphere. And what are we doing about it?    Traditional thinking about China's engagement in the Western Hemisphere was that it was largely being done to counter diplomatic efforts in Taiwan and the region or as a way of paying for extractives or buying energy commodities to fuel their ever-expanding economy.    Some have complained that China uses the region as a dumping ground for goods, such as steel, textiles, footwear, consumer electronics, and tires, and a visit to the marketplaces of the Caribbean and South America would seem to confirm some of those suspicions.    Chinese companies operating in the region often bring their own workers, which they have no real effect on economic growth or jobs in places where they operate, creating a source of friction between China and the countries in the region.    So, in conclusion, the U.S. cannot continue to simply ignore China's presence in this hemisphere. The U.S. must engage more deeply in a sustained way with countries in the Western Hemisphere. It should serve as a jarring wake-up call that just a few days ago five Chinese Navy ships were spotted off the coast of Alaska.    This hearing will be a comprehensive overview of China's activities in the Western Hemisphere and consider how the U.S. can better balance those actions with more effective engagement in the region. So I look forward to hearing from today's expert witnesses.    And, with that, I will turn to the ranking member, Mr. Sires from New Jersey, for any opening statement he may have. And then I will come to the gentleman from Arizona.    So, Mr. Sires, you are recognized.    Mr. Duncan. Mr. Salmon, the former chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee in the last Congress, now-chairman of the Asia-Pacific Subcommittee, he is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Chairman Salmon, for your great leadership and work on these issues in both hemispheres. And it is so important to the American people, so I appreciate that.    Before I recognize you, the bio for each of the witnesses was provided beforehand; I am not going to read that.    You have a lighting system in front of you. We are going to try to maintain a 5-minute rule. If you will, when it gets to yellow, just start trying to wrap up. When it gets to red, we are going to allow a little leeway, but we are going to move on.    So I will go ahead and recognize Dr. Ellis first for 5 minutes. And thank you for being here.    Mr. Duncan. Okay. Is it ``Dussel Peters'' or just ``Peters''?    Mr. Duncan. All right. Dr. Dussel Peters is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you very much for your testimony.    And the Chair will now recognize Ms. Joseph-Harris.    Thank you so much.    Mr. Duncan. Could you pull that microphone down just a little bit? There you go.    Mr. Duncan. There you go.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank you.    And now Ms. Myers is recognized for 5 minutes.    Thank you.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank all the witnesses for their testimony. That was excellent and kind of a great segue into my line of questioning.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes in the first round.    So I spoke in my opening statement about John Kerry's words, that the end of the Monroe Doctrine was upon us. And we have kind of seen a U.S. disengagement in the region. It just doesn't rest with this President; it actually transcends a number of Presidents.    So do you believe--and I am asking all witnesses--do you believe the lack of U.S. leadership and engagement in Latin America and the Caribbean and Secretary Kerry's comment there, the Monroe Doctrine is over, has impacted China's objectives and actions in Latin America?    Dr. Ellis?    Mr. Duncan. Is your microphone on there?    Mr. Duncan. Yeah.    Dr. Dussel Peters?    Mr. Duncan. Okay.    Ms. Joseph-Harris, I am going to ask the question to you little bit differently. And let me first say that--a very impressive resume, and I look forward to reading some of your works.    So let me ask you the same question just kind of a different way. Do you think if the U.S. was engaged more and looking for trade opportunities and reaching out, spending more time focused on this hemisphere and working with our neighbors and friends here, do you think that would create less of an opportunity for China?    Mr. Duncan. Thank you.    Ms. Myers, do you think the lack of U.S. engagement opens a void? And do you think that China would not have this opportunity if the U.S. was more engaged?    Mr. Duncan. All right.    My time is just about up. I just want to ask Dr. Dussel Peters, what do you think about the railroad between Peru and Brazil?    You know, China is investing this kind of money. You know, with the lack of any sort of highways and other ways other than the Amazon to move goods and services and people around, the railroad could be a game changer.    What are your thoughts about that?    Mr. Duncan. Right.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you very much. My time is up.    We were there in November last year, Congressman Yoho, Congressman Salmon, with Chairman Royce. And just knowing the geography and watching that, it is fascinating to me that they would do that. I look forward to talking more about that.    I recognize the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. I thank the ranking member.    I will now turn to Chairman Salmon for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Chairman.    We will now go down to Mr. Rohrbacher from California.    Mr. Duncan. In the essence of time, I am going to need you to wrap up. Try to respect the other members' time. I know Ms. Joseph-Harris wants to respond.    If you could do it briefly. This gentleman has somewhere else to go and I want to try to get to him. So, Ms. Joseph-Harris, if you will just respond briefly.    Mr. Duncan. Great points.    Mr. Yoho.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank the gentleman for staying around. I know you have got other places to be.    We will go to Mr. Smith from New Jersey.    Mr. Duncan. I thank the gentleman from New Jersey.    We will go to Mr. Chabot from Ohio.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank the gentleman from Ohio. Great questions.    The Chair will now go to Mr. Sires from New Jersey for I think the final round of questions here.