    Mr. Barr. Yes, Mr. Chairman, I would like to take even more with this great panel. But I appreciate the recognition, and I thank the panel for your testimony.    This has been a fascinating hearing as we examine the impact of the Dodd-Frank law 5 years since its enactment. And let me start with Professor Zywicki. I am particularly concerned about the impact that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is having on access to consumer credit. For many of my constituents in central and eastern Kentucky, and I too have heard that, the unfortunate stories of creditworthy borrowers who are no longer able to access a mortgage or get a credit card or an auto loan or maybe short term credit.    The example that you gave about the gentleman who needs a $500 transmission change just to get to work but no longer has access to short-term credit or a payday loan really does have a negative impact not just on the broader economy but on these families. And it is really sad.    But let me ask you a follow-up to Chairman Neugebauer's proposal, which was a proposal to reform the Bureau to a commission structure, a bipartisan commission structure. I also have a reform bill called the Taking Account of Bureaucrats' Spending Act (TABS).    This would place the Bureau under the appropriations process like many other regulators in the Federal Government. What impact would that have in terms of effectuating the Congress' power of the purse in holding the Bureau accountable?    Mr. Barr. Now, let me ask you an out-of-the-box question because we have these reform ideas that are actually consistent with the original design of the Bureau. But I was interested in your testimony and your former service at the Federal Trade Commission and its focus on the mission of promoting competition and choice as a core of consumer protection.    My question to you is, would it be something that you would entertain as a positive idea to actually fold into the mission of the Federal Trade Commission the functions of the Bureau, if the Bureau continues to fail the American people?    Mr. Barr. I want to read your law review article because I totally agree that competition, choice, and innovation is the best consumer protection.    Let me turn to Mr. Atkins, and I appreciate your service and your expertise. Secretary Lew testified in front of this committee a few weeks ago and we talked about changes in the capital markets after Dodd-Frank. Some of the illiquidity that we are seeing in the fixed-income markets as a result of the Volcker Rule in particular--and I appreciate your testimony about the concerns you have with the Volcker Rule, especially since proprietary trading really wasn't the cause of the financial crisis.    My question to you is, when Secretary Lew was asked about illiquidity, he disclaimed responsibility from regulations in Volcker, and his answer was that he thought changes in market structure were to blame for the liquidity problems. And Dr. Calabria, I think you mentioned that there could be some changes in fixed-income market structure.    And he also mentioned high frequency trading. My question to you is, could you comment on Secretary Lew's refusal to assign any blame whatsoever to Volcker and other regulatory pressures?    Mr. Barr. As I mentioned, the Volcker Rule is forcing banks to divest of AAA paper that hasn't defaulted in 20 years, and there was really not much response from the Secretary on that.    Finally, let me conclude with Dr. Calabria, we talked about consolidation and SIFI designation in OLA, and this new safety net as contributing as opposed to detracting from too-big-to-fail. Can you comment on what--those factors, is Dodd-Frank, the cause of these large six megabanks, Wall Street banks getting bigger? And I understand economies of scale and the need for large institutions to service complex customers, but could you briefly comment on that?    Mr. Barr. Yes, thank you. I yield back.