    Mr. Ferebee. Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the efforts of the Forest Service to mitigate the recent Presidential Memorandum on Mitigation.    The Forest Service's goal is to enable responsible economic development on National Forest System lands, while protecting natural and cultural resources. Our laws, including the Organic Act and the Multiple-Use Sustained-Yield Act, authorize the Agency to appropriately minimize effects from the use of National Forest System lands and to sustain goods and services the public receive from those lands.    The Forest Service currently works with proponents and the public to identify and mitigate impacts to a broad range of resources from activities on National Forest System lands. We first look to avoid impacts, then minimize impacts, and finally, to compensate residual impacts to the important resources. This is known as implementing the mitigation hierarchy. We proactively work with proponents in the design and siting phase in order to reduce adverse impacts to resources.    If adverse impacts can be avoided, no further mitigation actions are necessary. However, sometimes it is not practical or possible to avoid adverse impacts, and we work with proponents to minimize impacts to the extent practicable. Only at that point, do we consider compensatory mitigation to address remaining impacts to important or sensitive resources. In that case, the Agency identifies appropriate mitigation actions through project review and engagement with other Federal agencies, states, tribes, the proponent, and the public.    We have found that proactive work with the proponent in the implementation of the mitigation hierarchy can lead to successful projects with improved outcomes for local communities, the proponent, and the National Forest System.    While individual units of the Forest Service have been successful in developing and implementing proponent-driven projects that involve compensatory mitigation, the Forest Service, overall, does not have as much experience as other agencies. The Presidential Memo calls for the Forest Service to develop policy on mitigation. The direction provides an opportunity for my agency to learn from past experiences and develop a consistent systematic approach to mitigation in the future.    As public input is important when developing new policies and procedures, we will engage our stakeholders, including the proponents, as we move forward.    We are also focusing on learning from those with extensive expertise in this area, including Federal agencies, states, tribes, and non-profits. A new Agency policy will help us make our implementation of the full suite of mitigation options more consistent, predictable, and effective.    Thank you for the opportunity to present this testimony to you today, and I look forward to answering any of your questions.    Mr. Ferebee. Yes.    Mr. Ferebee. The Forest Service speaks in terms of adverse impacts to resources. We would define that by activities that could affect the productivity of the resources in a way that the Forest Service would no longer be able to provide goods and services for the American public under the Multiple-Use Sustained-Yield Act, which is what was required.    Mr. Ferebee. While the Forest Service has experience with compensatory mitigation, we have never had a national policy. So, we believe there will be predictability with a national policy, consistency with a policy, and we will be a little bit more efficient and effective when we work with our Federal partners, state partners, as well as the private sector.    Mr. Ferebee. Yes. Thanks for the question. The Forest Service, of course, is in the process of developing a national policy. What we hope to come from that is a better understanding of where the Forest Service sits around using the mitigation hierarchy.    The vast majority of our projects that have a potential to affect resources really get addressed in the first two steps, both in avoidance and minimization. So, we see a smaller subset of projects falling in around compensatory mitigation. I think that will be clear as we work through this national policy and how we plan to engage.    The Chairman. But it is not a regulation. That is what you are going to do, internally.    Mr. Ferebee. Correct.    The Chairman. So, you are not going to do it because she gave you a piece of paper, you are going to do this internally.    Mr. Ferebee. We are going to do it internally, because we think it is----    The Chairman. But the paper itself--does the paper give any other clarification than that, or does it have to be activated by you?    Mr. Ferebee. It has to be activated by----    The Chairman. So, if I trust you, and you are a good guy, then this can be positive for people?    Mr. Ferebee. Yes.    The Chairman. And if I do not trust you and you are a bad guy, this could be negative for people.    Mr. Ferebee. One could view it that way, correct.    The Chairman. Well, I was listening to a multiple choice test given to Mr. Bean earlier in this hearing, and he failed.    Ms. Goldfuss, let me ask you a question, then. If you were still at the agency level, would you accept this type of a directive as a suggestion or would you work to implement this exactly as it was delivered by the President?    Mr. Ferebee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the question. The Forest Service sees the value of what the Memo is asking the Forest Service to do by really establishing a mitigation framework, so that we can be more consistent when we engage and operate with proponents so they can really understand----    Mr. Ferebee. I would not----    Mr. Ferebee. Without a national framework or national policy, how we approached mitigation project to mitigation project varied.    Mr. Ferebee. I would say we used the mitigation framework differently in different situations. So, what the Agency----    Mr. Ferebee. An example would be, as we talked about, the steps in the mitigation process would be avoidance first, minimization second, and then compensatory mitigation third. We could have situations, quite honestly, where folks went to compensatory mitigation first, for an example.    So, the Forest Service stating its position in the framework of how to use the mitigation framework is what we wanted to accomplish, which we think helps in our relationships with other Federal and state agencies and the tribes, when we are working on projects jointly. We think it helps our employees to understand how we want to go about implementing the mitigation framework.    Mr. Ferebee. The Forest Service had begun the process of starting to establish conversations around the values and the need for a national policy.    Mr. Ferebee. I would not suggest the Forest Service was seeking guidance. But the Forest Service does see value in what the Memorandum----    Mr. Ferebee . Is attempting to accomplish.    Mr. Ferebee. No. What I am sharing with you is, after the Forest Service looked at our practices, engaged with our proponents, looked at what was going on in other state and Federal agencies, we thought there was an opportunity with a national policy to bring a little bit more consistency, predictability, efficiencies, and effectiveness----    Mr. Ferebee. No, as I indicated previously, the Forest Service had begun conversations around this need prior to the Memo.    Mr. Ferebee. I cannot speak to the need of the Memo, other than I can share with you the value we see coming out of what the Memo----    Mr. Ferebee. No, the Forest Service had conversations and, as I indicated previously, we acknowledged that there were some opportunities to become a little bit more effective and efficient with how we handled proponent-driven projects----    Mr. Ferebee . When it comes to mitigation----    Mr. Ferebee. All I can share with you is what the Agency believes is the value that comes from the Memo of which we had initiated----    Mr. Ferebee . Conversations prior----    Mr. Ferebee. I am not in a position to articulate exactly why the Memo was really generated, other than to say the Forest Service had been in conversations. And as a part of those conversations, we acknowledged there was opportunity to become a little bit more efficient and effective when it comes to mitigation.