    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to start by thanking you for the exemplary way that you put together--leaving aside the ATC part--putting together the rest of this bill. It doesn't mean I won't have any amendments tomorrow, but it will be far fewer than the 19 I had on the FAST Act.    First thing, a question of who should the FAA serve, because that seems to be something that is floating around. I am--I was very happy to hear the chairman say that it is the flying public they should serve. It seemed that Mr. Poole might have been suggesting that that is not, because he said the FAA shouldn't have safety as the number-one priority. I think it needs to be the number-one priority, because that is--they are serving the public, and that is their number-one priority.    We need to have airlines that are successful in this country, in order that we have a successful aviation industry, it could move people around. But it is important, I think, that the flying public is the--is who is served by the FAA, served by ATC.    And Mr. Calio seems to suggest that, well, the A4A should have a super-majority, so they are really giving something up by only having four seats on the board. But that is assuming that the A4A is who ATC--who their customer--who the primary entity they should serve. And A4A is simply an organization that represents not all of the airlines--although maybe the three I fly are all in the A4A, maybe that would be good for people flying in and out of Chicago. But let's keep our eye on we should be serving the flying public. That is what the air traffic control should be doing.    Now, noise issues. We have gone over this. I just want to make--be clear on this, because we had a discussion on it, but the bottom line--we have heard people can go to the FAA, because they are still the regulator, if there are noise issues.    Does the FAA have any authority to require this private Corporation to change their routes, or to change anything that would lower any--or eliminate noise problems, or try to--does the FAA--will they have the--OK, people can go to the regulator. Do they have any authority here, with the Corporation? That is a big thing that has been missing. We have been told you can go to the regulator. But can they do anything? Does anyone have any----    Mr. Lipinski. So you--yes?    Mr. Lipinski. All right, thank you. I have to move on, just because of time.    Mr. Lipinski. I am not sure that would cover all of it, but we can have a further discussion on that.    Now, the legislation allows an air traffic service user to file a complaint with the Secretary that a fee increase is unreasonable. An ``air traffic service user,'' does this include an airline customer? Are they included in that, in this bill? Is that how air traffic service user is defined, or is it just the airlines?    Mr. Lipinski. So the flying public should--and I think--before I move on to the next question, I think we are getting this--this idea keeps getting thrown out that the airlines are paying the bills. But who pays--who really pays them? They have to be passed on to the flying public. They are not just eaten by the airline. It goes in. So--and I certainly think that the public should have more of an input here.    Now, the last question is about insurance coverage. The bill says that the new entity must maintain adequate insurance coverage. Nav Canada currently maintains a roughly $5 billion policy, according to the 2015 annual report. How much coverage do you expect that a new entity in the U.S. would have to have?    And I also notice that Canada maintains an indemnification program at no cost to Nav Canada to protect it from terrorist-related loss that may be in excess of the insurance coverage. So how much do you think that this Corporation is going to have to have in the insurance company? And then, will the Government still have to have an indemnification program?    Mr. Lipinski. Is anyone----    Mr. Lipinski. All right. I ran through this very, very quickly, just because of lack of time. A lot of questions. I thank you for your answers. We need--I think we should be doing something, looking at how we can make changes to make things move more quickly forward, especially NextGen, but I still have questions about the proposal that we have before us.    With that, I will yield back.