    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Madam Chair, for holding the hearing, thank our witnesses for being here. This hearing was called to review research and development programs at the Department of Transportation, and to review the relationship between the Department and non-federal entities that also conduct transportation research.    Last year, almost to this day, the Committee held a hearing to examine the impact of research and technology on the future of transportation. These are very general topics, and it is good to have a general overview now and then, however, I hope we will also have the opportunity to move and look more thoroughly--and examine more thoroughly specific transportation R and D topics in this Congress.    As a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, for 22-1/2 years now, I am keenly aware that transportation disasters have been filling the news over the last several weeks. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families affected by the fatal Amtrak crash in Philadelphia last month, my Dallas district, and surrounding areas of North Texas, overwhelmed last month by days of heavy rain, where 1 night 7 inches of rain fell and shut down roads for days, and of course the rest of the state. Having a district that has five interstates crossing it, Interstate 20, 30, 35, 45 and 635, I'm keenly aware of how much we need research to make sure that when repairs are done, they can stay in place.    With respect to pipelines, the PHMSA inspectors have found that there are 54 to 74 percent corrosion of the pipeline wall, in last month's rupture that spilled 100,000 gallons of crude oil along the California coastline. In light of these recent events affecting our rails, highways, and pipelines, there are a number of technology issues on the minds of our constituents, and this Congress. As we consider reauthorization of surface transportation programs, we must keep that in mind.    We're living in a time that is truly transformational for all modes of transportation. When I think about the potential benefits of connected vehicle technology, I don't think it's too lofty to compare its potential impact to the impact of the Eisenhower interstate highway system 60 years ago on connecting goods and people across the nation. As our population grows, so too is access to public transportation and ride sharing options. From highways, public transportation, to railroads, research and development of innovative technologies and policies can improve the safe and efficient movement of people and freight. My district also has an inland port.    It is equally important to implement policies and support long term advanced research that would lead to revolutionary improvements to our transportation systems. To ensure a tech-savvy transportation workforce, it is also important that we implement policies to incorporate transportation applications in the teaching of STEM fields. My colleagues and I must come together to support a multi-year bipartisan surface transportation reauthorization bill that includes strong R and D provisions with adequate funding levels. I only hope that the Science, Space, and Technology Committee will take the steps necessary to ensure that we have a strong voice in what the bill looks like.    Again, I thank our witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to your testimony. Thank you, and I yield back.