    Mr. Humphreys. Chairman Perry, Ranking Member Watson Coleman, and Ranking Member Thompson, last August the U.T. football season opener was interrupted by a drone. There were nearly 100,000 football fans in the stadium that day and the police had to stand by watching helplessly as this drone shifted around the stadium.    The incident only ended when the operator decided to recall the drone and it landed at his feet.    The situation turned out to be harmless. This was just a case of a ticketless but devoted U.T. football fan who just wanted to watch the game. But the police couldn't have known that before-hand, so they had to treat the incident as a potential attack on the multitude of gathered spectators.    In the years to come, this intrusion at the U.T. football stadium will be replayed in various forms at sites critical to the security of the United States. The great majority of these incidents will be accidently, like the flyaway drone that crashed at the White House in January.    But in the early stages of a drone incursion, it is impossible to distinguish the accidental from the intentional, the malignant from the benign. The distressing truth is that even consumer-grade drones can be rigged to carry out potent attacks, and against these attacks our defenses will either be only weakly effective or so militarized as to pose themselves a threat to bystanders and the surrounding civil infrastructure.    In thinking about how to detect and defend against rogue UAVs, it is useful to distinguish three categories. First are the accidental intrusions; second are the intentional intrusions by unsophisticated operators; and third are the intentional intrusions by sophisticated operators--these are people who know how to modify the hardware and software of a drone to make it do what they want.    Detecting and safely repelling intrusions of the first two categories is not simple, but it is quite possible. Commercial UAV manufacturers can play a key role here by implementing GPS-enforced geo-fences within their autopilot systems. That simple fix would prevent accidental and unsophisticated drone intrusions into restricted airspace.    So what about the third type--the sophisticated malicious attacks? These will be much more difficult to counter. The fact is that for any reasonable defense I can imagine, I can also imagine a counter to that defense, a way to circumvent that defense.    I am not alone. Any one of my graduate students at the University of Texas, or many undergraduate students walking the halls of universities across the globe, or those part of the do-it-yourself community, hobbyists--these people have the kind of skills that would be required to carry out one of the sophisticated attacks I mentioned. The documentation is also extensive.    So what should we do? Well, let's start with what we shouldn't do.    It won't help to impose stricter regulations on small UAS than the sensible regulations the FAA has already proposed. Likewise, restricting open-source autopilot platforms would hardly improve security, but it would stifle innovation. Military-style radio link or GPS jamming or spoofing wouldn't stop a sophisticated attacker, but would endanger commercial airliners and disrupt communications.    In my view, the most sensible way forward is to focus on accidental and unsophisticated UAV intrusions. Let's encourage the UAV manufacturers to put geo-fences in their autopilot systems.    For especially sensitive sites like the White House, we could deploy a network of infrared cameras set up to detect and track an incoming drone by looking for the thermal signatures of its warm batteries and motors. This network of sensors could be used to guide an always-ready squadron of interceptor drones that could capture the intruder in a net can carry it off.    But we should refrain from any more drastic measures than these until the threat of UAVs proves to be more of a menace than the recent incidents, which, while alarming, were ultimately harmless.    Thank you.    Mr. Humphreys. I do know that commercial off-the-shelf technology, when modified, is perfectly capable of carrying out those kind of attacks. In fact, even as we speak, in Ukraine the conflict is involving off-the-shelf drone hardware modified for that conflict, for surveillance and even weaponized drones.    So it is probably the case that they were using an open-source autopilot and off-the-shelf hardware.    Mr. Humphreys. Right now surveillance is being used in Ukraine to guide mortar shelling.    Mr. Humphreys. So it can be, you know, part of the lethal chain.    Mr. Humphreys. But beyond that you can, of course, insert in the battery compartment some explosives. Many of these drones can carry a couple of pounds easily.    Of course, if your intention is to cause panic, as was mentioned earlier, all you have to do is drop a smoke bomb and you can cause that kind of panic.    General Rogerro. So there are other things that you can do with that, as well. Mobility is one.    For example, in Congressman Loudermilk's State, delivering marijuana and cell phones into prisons has been attempted. I believe just a few weeks back there was 6\1/2\ pounds of crystal meth being delivered across the border from the Tijuana area into San Ysidro. So certainly smuggling is an activity that is being seen out there with these particular devices.    But certainly intelligence-gathering, surveillance, and reconnaissance is the top priority and the easily done thing with these drones. We have also seen ISIS use it very effectively to do propaganda and broadcast after an attack, as well, to use these devices to gain their images that they need to put out on the web.    Mr. Humphreys. I will jump in first. I bought a drone for my son for Christmas that was no bigger than my hand. I don't think we have to worry about that one.    But we do have to keep in mind that the threshold for success in these attacks can be very low. If anything exploded due to a drone acting on the White House, even though it didn't cause much physical damage, that would be viewed as a successful attack. You know, it would cause psychological and economic damage.    So in that case, they don't have to be much bigger than the one that I bought for my son for Christmas, and----    Mr. Humphreys. Yes, I do believe there is a proper role for Government here. This is a question of security and safety of the citizens, and it seems obvious to me that DHS should lead out on this.    There should be an interagency effort, but DHS should lead out on threats to our homeland, and especially so because the Secret Service, which has been highlighted in recent attacks at the--or intrusions at the White House, you know, is charged with protecting the White House and the President.    So having a head at DHS or standing up a committee, as Professor McNeal had recommended, I think is a good idea. They have got the expertise--or should have the expertise to lead this off.    Mr. Humphreys. I will say that the challenge here is that the same drone that can operate up to 400 feet can easily operate above that, and even if we put in these geo-fences that exclude them from sensitive areas or from above 400 feet, an operator who had some knowledge of the autopilot system could override that sort of a geo-fence.    So the classifications smear into one another, and it is not just a question of knowing how high they can fly because most of them can fly fairly high if their batteries will hold out.    Mr. Humphreys. Well, despite the passage of 3 years and despite the fast-moving technology in this area, you still cannot purchase over-the-shelf anything that can resist a spoofing attack like the ones we generate in my lab. I know the DHS has established some contracts to study the problem, and the FAA put together a tiger team to look at the problem, but still, only 3 years later, the problem exists.    In the current situation you can almost look at that weakness of GPS as a possible way to bring down these drones. But I would discourage that, because in transmitting false GPS signals, that will have unintended consequences for these executive airports, as you say. You don't want to endanger commercial airliners or even passersby who are trying to use their sat nav in their car to find their way to their office.    Mr. Humphreys. I know that the most popular quadcopter in the world is manufactured in China, and that is the most popular by far. But other U.S. domestic drone manufacturers--notably, the--robotics community, the do-it-yourself community are also large. As I said earlier, the knowledge is out there; the documentation is extensive.    Mr. Humphreys. It is conceivable. It does work, but it only really works against the unintentional, accidental, or unsophisticated attackers. If I am a sophisticated attacker I can adapt the autopilot to simply disregard any communication from the ground and work on an autonomous approach.    So it depends on what you want to protect. If it is just the accidental, incidental, yes, that can be effective.    But again, these technologies are operating in popular communication bands--wi-fi bands, and in the future they will be operating over LTE bands. You don't want to mess with those bands in a wide area. You will disrupt other people's activities, and maybe safety of life activities.    Mr. Humphreys. Sure. So you can do a lot of good with very little funding in this area.    Mr. Humphreys. I would say that you do need to recognize that even a risk assessment, however, is a--it can be something or it does require funding. I mean, we were talking earlier about doing a risk assessment before spending any funds, but a risk assessment itself requires some research.    I was involved with a DHS risk assessment in 2011 where a bunch of us subject-matter experts were brought into a room, asked questions we poorly understood, and asked to vote. It was just appalling, in my view, that this was the procedure for determining whether there were real risks, instead of handing us some marching orders and giving us some funding to go out and find out really what were the answers.    By the way, I have friends at Google today who may be watching this proceeding who are interested in knowing how they could help, because they do have a business interest in securing drones from malfeasance and making sure that the drones themselves aren't the bad actors.    Mr. Humphreys. Sure. As I said earlier, Chairman Perry, I believe the DHS has the obvious role to play here.    But I would also say that if DHS proves to be an unwilling leader or an incapable leader then others could step in. Someone else mentioned the Department of Energy. I also think the FAA has shown itself to be quite competent in this area. They are mostly looking at threats to aviation, but the threats by aviation against our homeland could also be within their expertise, I suppose.    But most importantly, I would like to reiterate that simply saying we are going to throw together a risk assessment isn't free. So we end up needing to have a deliberate risk assessment.    I believe DHS should lead that off, but it might need to--I would say it would need to involve deliberate research, perhaps funded research, whether by universities, Federally-funded research and development centers, or private groups, where they can do a deep dive into the problem and not just be asked questions off the cuff that they might be poorly prepared to answer.