    Mr. Tamargo. Tamargo.    Mr. Tamargo. Thank you, Chairman Duncan, Ranking Member Sires, and members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear before this great committee where I used to work. I have been a long time--it has been a long time since certified claims have been give then much public attention. I commend the subcommittee for convening this hearing, and I hope the subcommittee continues to play an active role in the long, overdue settlement of these claims. I will summarize my remarks and ask that the full text of my testimony be placed in the record.    I also request, if possible, that the record be held open for those certified claimants who were not able to testify so they can submit a statement for the record.    Over 55 years ago, the revolutionary Government of Cuba confiscated the real and personal property of thousands of Americans and others who were living and doing business in Cuba. To this day, that chapter in U.S. history represents the largest confiscation of American property and there has been no progress in settling these certified claims. I am encouraged but guarded by the possibility of serious negotiations between the United States and Cuba regarding the certified American claims.    We have heard different numbers as to how many certified claims there are. There are, in fact, 5,913 certified claims. When certified, they were valued at $1.8 billion. Today they are valued at around $7 billion to $8 billion, due to the 6-percent simple interest called for under international law and certified by the commission.    No American claims program has been left pending and unpaid for this long. I do not count the Soviet program because although it is still pending and unsettled, it was partially settled.    Many ideas and proposals are floating around as to how to settle these claims. Some have asked me about the property problem between the U.S. and Cuba. My answer to that is that there is no property problem because, unfortunately, there is no property. Under international law, the American property is gone. The Cuban Government confiscated it, but the U.S. has a right to fair compensation for its citizens.    Not only do I believe the U.S. should settle for nothing less than the full price of the claims, plus 100 percent of the interest, but I call on the administration and the Congress to hold fast and not remove any key element further from the embargo that remains unless the claimants receive full and fair payment for their certified claims.    As requested, I have a few legislative recommendations. First and foremost, these claims are the reason the embargo was created. Congress must not pass any legislation further easing the embargo unless these certified claims are paid and settled. We only get one shot at this. We have only one thing Cuba wants: It is access to the U.S. market through lifting the embargo. If the Congress gives that away without getting these claims paid, then the Congress will have failed to stand up for these American families and companies.    Second, I urge the Congress to enact legislation to grant limited authority to the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission to update the certified claims as to who is the current certified claimant. As I have already explained, claims programs are not designed to go unpaid for 55 years. Multiple generations of claimants have come and gone, and it will take years to ascertain who are the certified claimants right now. Also, do the same for the Soviet certified claims. Not only is this good governmental housekeeping, but it costs us nothing, and it sends a strong message to Cuba.    Thirdly, I am hopeful that the certified claims will be paid in these negotiations, but you never know. We have been waiting 55 years, and we may get the same status quo. We know the current American trade and travel business with Cuba is trespassing on stolen American property. We know this because a runway expansion at Jose Marti Airport is on land which is the subject of a certified claim and also probably true of other Cuban airports and the Port of Mariel and other Cuban ports and probably most of the infrastructure. Also, they all use land which is the subject of American certified claims.    Congress needs to enact a trespass penalty of 10 percent on all trade, travel, commerce, remittances, toll calls, gifts, flyover fees, port duty, everything. The proceeds collected by the trespass penalty would go to a fund which would pay all of the certified claimants for their full amount, including interest. The trespass penalty would not release Cuba of its debt, but now the debt will be owed to the U.S. Government.    Those doing travel and trade with Cuba should just consider the trespass penalty as the cost of using someone's property. The current ongoing, never-ending waiting is ridiculous and intolerable to the certified claimants. It is the U.S. Congress' responsibility to end this embarrassing 55-year wait by our fellow Americans.    Fourth, the final recommendation is not to Congress. It is to all of those American families and companies who are holding certified claims against Cuba. I urge you to get engaged in this discussion and to write your Congressman, your Senators, the President, the State Department, and keep writing and calling them. American certified claimants need to demand that their claims be settled, and if they are not going to be settled, then they should be paid this trespass penalty. It is wrong to continue to hold these certified claimants hostage to this never-ending battle over Cuba policy. It is not fair to these American families and companies who did nothing wrong except have the courage to invest in Cuba.    Thank you.    Mr. Tamargo. Traditionally, when those negotiations begin in other situations in previous settlement discussions, the Commission plays a technical supporting role. The lead negotiating--all of the negotiating is done by the State Department, and----    Mr. Tamargo. Well, they have put out some public statements to the effect of that. This is on their list of things to discuss with the Cuban Government, and but they have not as of yet to our--well, as far as the public is aware, the public record is aware, began those discussions yet.    Mr. Tamargo. Correct.    Mr. Tamargo. It would depend on, traditionally, under international law, each country adjudicates the claims of its own citizens. And under international law, it was citizenship at the time of the taking. That is under international law. The U.S. Congress is not bound by it. And, you know, they could choose to interpret or create a program that would go beyond international law and adjudicate claims for claims of individuals that were not American citizens at the time. But one must be aware that there are millions of those.    Mr. Tamargo. I would imagine that would encompass----    Mr. Tamargo. Yes, yes.    Mr. Tamargo. Traditionally, this issue of property ownership interruption by Communist governments have happened throughout history. And every country has had to create some sort of reconciliation commission. This problem ultimately will have to be dealt with by the Cuban Government.    Mr. Tamargo. I am hopeful but guarded that they will be taken up between the two countries.    Mr. Tamargo. It is up to the Congress to make them happen.    Mr. Tamargo. Because it is the Congress that would need to lift the remaining elements of the embargo that have not already been lifted. And if Congress refuses to lift the embargo until these claims are paid, then these claims will be paid if Cuba wants access to the U.S. market.    Mr. Tamargo. Thank you, Congressman.    For me, my challenges were to remain empathetic but impartial because the claimants always had to prove their claim. And I, too, am from Cuba, and I experienced the same issue when I was a child--well, my family did when I was a child. And the stories of the claimants who are always quite emotional, and in my testimony, I describe the feeling of losing your property and business in this traumatic way, and I observed this in all of the claimants that I speak with, that it must be what it was--what it feels like when you lose a child because you never forget it.    And people think it is just property, but to the people it happens to, it is not just property. It is their lives. They pour their lives into that house, that business, those shops, and when it happens to them, it is quite dramatic, and they never forget it. And that is why it is important that the Congress hold fast on the embargo and allow these claimants to find closure.    But the Commission's work is very important. It has handled a lot of difficult issues. The claims process is transparent, so no one can challenge its validity or its approach to these claims because, as I explain later in the testimony, these negotiated settlements are two voluntary bilateral agreements between two countries, and both countries need to have confidence in the other country's claims. And so our claims need to be on the record, transparent, and clear as to the value and how we came to the value and who is the claimant and their nationality at the time. And that is all part of the claims process. And you have to be faithful to the claims process if you expect to have a successful negotiated settlement agreement.    Mr. Tamargo. Eight years.    Mr. Tamargo. Thank you, Congressman.    Three things: Do not lift the remaining elements of the embargo that are in place; two, create the housekeeping and updating of the current certified claims; and, three things, create this penalty, trespass penalty, so that these certified claimants no longer are held up by this gridlock over Cuba policy. Those three things should be done.    I would also point to the Libyan settlement agreement as a possible model because that was a very complex settlement agreement. It took a long time. The Congress was involved in that one. Unfortunately, I don't see the Congress involved in the current ongoing negotiations with Cuba.    But at some point, the Congress needs to become involved because there are many more elements to this normalization process besides the certified claims. There is the Joanne Chesimard matter and the other criminals. There is the judgments that exist in the U.S. If there ever is commerce between our countries, judgments could be attached to certain commerce that would be going on. So a lot of other issues have to be dealt with, and the Congress is going to have to be the one to deal with them.