    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Following the 2008 financial crisis, the small business credit market tightened dramatically, contracting at twice the rate of broader financial markets.    After banks pulled back $116 billion in capital, many entrepreneurs were forced to turn to non-traditional sources to stay afloat. One alternative to emerge was peer-to-peer lending. Peer-to-peer lending allows small businesses to directly solicit funding from a pool of interested lenders and investors over the Internet. Web-based technologies reduce costs and interest rates making peer-to-peer business loans an attractive alternative to credit cards.    Peer-to-peer offers a number of benefits to both small businesses and investors. For small business borrowers, the biggest advantage is being able to access capital when traditional lenders are not willing to make loans. P2P platforms also provide loans that are often too small to be profitable for most banks, typically under $35,000.    On the investor side, the communal and open nature of P2P lending reduces fraud while technology based risk assessment helps inform investors about each individual loan.    Although peer-to-peer lending provides significant advantages, there are drawbacks. Peer-to-peer lending platforms reserve the right to reject small business applications just like banks. The Federal Reserve found only eight percent of business loan applications are accepted by the largest platform. The study also found that peer-to-peer loans had an average interest rate of over 13 percent, double that of traditional sources. Similarly, peer-to-peer loans have higher default rates, increasing investor risks.    As more people learned of the advantages of peer-to-peer lending, the industry grew rapidly through the mid-2000s. In 2008, the SEC took notice in citing investor protection and classified peer-to-peer lending loans as securities. This move subjected lending platforms to a host of registration requirements.    As a result, many industry participants have raised concerns that the current environment is limiting the market's growth potential. Very few platforms have taken the costly steps of registering with the SEC, preventing many retail investors from participating in peer-to-peer lending.    At the same time, large institutional investors have been attracted to peer-to-peer lending by high yield, less oversight, and lower costs.    While increasing access to capital is a laudable goal, the peer-to-peer market is now dominated by the same institutions it was meant to circumvent, raising concerns about the direction of this nascent industry.    Today's hearing will provide members an opportunity to learn about the peer-to-peer lending market and how it has facilitated small business' access to capital. With more firms turning to Internet based lenders, including crowdfunding sites, and peer-to-peer lending, it is important the committee examine how we can ensure these platforms increase small business access to capital while protecting both, borrowers and investors.    I just want to take this opportunity to thank all the witnesses for being here today.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Peter Renton. He is the Founder of Lend Academy, the leading educational resource for the peer-to-peer lending industry.    His blog is the most widely read website about peer-to-peer lending, and through his writing and video courses, he has helped tens of thousands of people understand this new asset class. He is considered the world's leading expert on peer-to-lending and often consults with companies looking to enter the space.    He is also Co-Founder of the LendIt Conference, the world's first conference dedicated to the peer-to-peer lending online lending industry, and he is the author of ``The Lending Club Story,'' the definitive guide to the world's largest peer-to-peer lender.    Thank you and welcome.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Renton, as the CEO of both Lend Academy and LendIt Conference, what are the most asked questions you receive from prospective small business borrowers looking to use peer-to-peer lending?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Mr. Hodges, how do we balance that? Small businesses, they need money, they need it now, and how do they know what they have been offered is transparent, that there are not hidden fees? How do we balance that?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Mr. Renton, so many times, right after the financial crisis in 2008, where credit was tightened by financial institutions, we held so many hearings here about the inability of small businesses to access capital, but most importantly, smaller loans.    When we questioned traditional financial institutions, they said smaller loans were too costly. Now, we hear that according to one industry expert, institutional investors now account for 80 to 90 percent of the lending taking place on peer-to-peer platforms. Are you seeing this trend?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. How can we explain that? On the one hand, they do not lend through traditional markets; right? Now, they are taking advantage of this. Is that because of traditional banking regulations that they are trying to circumvent?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. You do not see any type of impact on the retail investors?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Good. Thank you. Mr. Green, the SBA, Small Business Administration, has a nascent presence in the peer-to-peer lending market. If the Small Business Administration were to get more involved, what would you like to see them do for small business owners like yourself?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. My time is up. I had a question for you, sir, but----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. You made a statement before while you were giving your testimony where you said that you could effectively judge risk over the Internet. Can you explain that a little further?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Just one final question. I represent New York, my congressional district is in New York. Part of my district was devastated by Sandy. A lot of small businesses suffered because the financial assistance they needed in terms of disaster loans took too long for SBA and FEMA to process.    We all know that when natural disasters strike, if small businesses do not get the financial assistance they need, a lot of those businesses might have to shut down. Forty percent of small businesses do not reopen after a disaster.    My question to you is in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, small business recovery was hampered by the slow disaster loan process. Did your platform fund any businesses in Sandy impacted areas, and do you think peer-to-peer lending is a viable option for disaster recovery?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. All these businesses have insurance, but they need that immediate financial assistance, such as a bridge loan through SBA, until the insurance money come through.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.