    Mr. BERTONI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Doggett, Members of the Subcommittee. Good morning.    I am pleased to discuss our work in the Supplemental Security Income program and issues affecting program integrity which, left unchecked, increase the potential for waste, fraud, and abuse.    Last year, SSA paid almost $56 billion to over 8 million SSI recipients. Given the size of the program, even small errors in benefit payments can result in substantial loss to taxpayers.    My statement is based on a body of work conducted over several years and describes SSA's challenges with ensuring SSI program integrity.    In summary, the agency faces real challenges in preventing and detecting overpayment. To ensure that only eligible individuals receive benefits, follow-up reviews after benefits are granted provide an important check on growth and are key to program integrity.    Federal law requires that SSA conduct periodic continuing disability reviews, or CDRs, to determine whether recipients have medically improved and to cease benefits as appropriate. However, last year SSA reported a backlog of 1.3 million reviews.    Moreover, we found that adult reviews declined by 70 percent. Those for children with mental impairments fell by 80 percent. We also noted that 435,000 child cases with mental impairments were overdue a CDR, oftentimes for many years, including thousands originally deemed likely to medically improve within 12 to 18 months.    We recommended that SSA address this backlog and calculated the agency would save $3 billion over 5 years as a result. Since the report was issued, the agency has increased the number of child CDRs conducted annually and plans to eliminate the backlog. However, it is unclear whether it will continue to use any new funding increases to review children most likely to medically improve.    Beyond untimely reviews, overpayments can also occur when recipient bank account and wage information is incomplete or outdated. The unreported value of bank accounts and wages represent nearly 40 percent of all SSI overpayments.    While the agency has developed tools to better capture banking and wage information, there are limitations. For example, the agency now has electronic access to recipient banking data. It can query this information when determining benefit eligibility. However, this data is not entirely complete, and staff rely on recipients to self-report such accounts and the amounts of funds in them.    SSA also uses telephone wage reporting to capture recipient wage information to adjust benefits to prevent improper payments. However, the accuracy of this information is also limited due to recipient self-reporting and SSA's inability to process wage information for those with multiple employers.    Beyond prevention, the agency has also had difficulties with overpayment recovery and management of its waiver process. Generally, recipients must repay overpaid benefits, but can request a waiver under certain circumstances. SSA approves about 76 percent of all waiver requests. And documentation and management oversight is limited.    Specifically, we found that staff can approve waiver requests of $2,000 or less without any supervisory approval. We recommended that SSA review this policy and amend it to improve program integrity. The agency agreed with our recommendation, but has not taken action, despite a 2015 internal study that showed 50 percent of such waiver decisions were incorrect.    To improve oversight, we also recommended that SSA study waiver activity to identify patterns specific to its regions, field offices, and even individual staff. Unfortunately, the agency declined to conduct such analyses and will continue to be limited in its efforts to recover overpaid taxpayer dollars.    Finally, I would be remiss in not stating that SSI program complexity has been a longstanding challenge, contributing to high administrative costs and risk of overpayments. Beyond documenting income and resources, staff must also apply a complex set of rules to assess recipients' living arrangements and other financial support received.    In prior work, we have cited program complexity as a major driver of payment errors, program abuse, and excessive administrative costs. In light of this longstanding issue, we have begun work for this subcommittee, examining potential options and barriers to streamline policies for calculating recipient benefits.    As we proceed, we will continue to work closely with you in your efforts to enhance the design and integrity of the SSI program.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my remarks. I am happy to answer any questions that you may have. Thank you.    Mr. BERTONI. I think, in general, we need to move into a 21st-century verification system. So many times we hear about recipients self-reporting without third-party verification across numerous programs across government. I have been reporting on it for 20 years.    So we need to move into the realm of data cross-matching. We need to create interfaces, whether it be State to Federal, Federal to Federal, Federal to State, you know, whatever needs to happen. We need to triangulate data so we have corroboration of what people are attesting to.    As an example on the UI side, we talk about face-to-face interaction. I can go on the Internet and go to a Web site in Hong Kong and get the highest grade driver's license that will pass TSA screening and TSA--you know, whatever their verification devices, have that in my pocket, walk into an Unemployment Insurance agency, present that. They look at the picture. It matches the license. And we are good to go.    What you need to do is verify that license with a third party. So with an interface with a DMV, a driver's license entity, if you ran that and that picture comes back in an online mode and, if the technologies are there, you could see that there was a disconnect between that person's face on the license and the one that the DMV has. So a classic example of data crossmatching that could work.    Mr. BERTONI. I would say there is no blanket answer. I would think you would have to look at each individual desire to match databases with the circumstances and the laws associated with it.    A good example is the Death Master File. Right now Social Security Administration, per law, in the Social Security Act, there is a little line in there that says, if it is data that is reported from the States, it comes from state vital statistics agencies, SSA is prohibited from sharing that information with everyone but seven or eight Federal benefit-paying agencies.    So if you are not a Federal benefit-paying agency, you can't get that state information. DEA for drug enforcement purposes, Department of Homeland Security for other purposes, can't get the full death data. They have to get an abbreviated file.    So, again, on an individual fact basis, you are going to run into these quirks in the law that prevent full interface.    Mr. BERTONI. In terms of fraud, historically, in trying to define it, I think even SSA defines it very narrowly. It is only after it has been pursued and conviction has been obtained. That is fraud.    But the funnel starts very large. There is the allegation. There is some sifting through the information. Cases go out. Others stay. The funnel keeps narrowing down to what is suspected fraud. It is picked up by a justice. It is prosecuted. That is fraud.    But that larger funnel is sort of the waste and the abuse where things start. I believe there is a lot more of the waste and a lot more abuse. If the agency is supposed to be doing something and if they don't and it results in an overpayment situation or wasted Federal dollars, that is waste.    If a recipient who is supposed to be reporting their work activities, their wages, a change in their wages, their resources, they know the program rules, they don't and they do that consistently or egregiously multiple times, now we are getting down to abuse.    So, in my view, I think this funnel includes all of it, fraud, waste, and abuse. And I do believe the waste and abuse factor is larger than a lot of folks want to admit.    Mr. BERTONI. I would defer. I don't think we have done enough analysis to endorse or really weigh in on much. I would say that what the Congress can do is do what you are doing. I think your oversight role, to hold agencies accountable for doing what they said they were going to do. Certainly the appropriations process, you can direct funds to areas of greatest vulnerability. We have looked at the CDR process. We have given the agency some direction as to how they can mine that data and to work certain subpopulations of the data that would give them a significant return on the investment.    You have already done that with age-18 redeterminations and low-weight babies. The return on investment, the cessation rate there is 52 percent and 60 percent, respectively. We have put some other subpopulations on the table. A speech and language delay for children, 38 percent return on investment for CDRs. Mood disorders, 39 percent investment.    So there are ways that you can through the appropriations process target funds to specific areas where the agency can be more effective in their reviews. And by removing some of these cases, the program can become less costly. You can also remove a lot of these children from the roles that could benefit from being in a different track, not labeled as being Special Ed, just mainstream them and getting them the supports they need to be successful. So I think there is opportunities in your role to direct the agency to areas where they can be most effective.