    Chairman CHABOT. The Committee will come to order. Good morning. We want to thank everyone for being with us today as we discuss the present and future state of American manufacturing.    Given the importance of manufacturing to our economy, I am delighted to be holding this hearing and listening to the testimony provided by our outstanding panel here this morning. When people think of manufacturers, too often they think of giant corporations with huge production facilities and steam whistles commanding shift changes. The truth is that the vast majority of American manufacturing is done by small businesses. In fact, 99 percent of all manufacturers are categorized as small.    Though they might be considered small, their effect on our economy is enormous. Manufacturers in the United States employ over 12 million people and directly contribute over $2 trillion to our economy each year. We cannot underestimate their indirect influence either. Every dollar spent on manufacturing in America adds $1.37 to the economy, and a single manufacturing job can lead to the creation of three to five more jobs in other industries.    Without a doubt, manufacturing plays a vital role in America's economic well-being. The economic force that is American manufacturing is now facing a significant challenge--preparing a workforce that can do the job.    According to the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), over the next decade, nearly 3.5 million manufacturing jobs will likely be needed, and 2 million of those are expected to go unfilled due to what is being referred to as the skills gap.    There are two major contributing factors to this widening gap: baby boomer retirements and economic expansion. An estimated 2.7 million jobs are likely to be needed as a result of retirements of the existing workforce, while 700,000 jobs are likely to be created due to natural business expansion and growth.    In addition to retirements and economic expansion, other factors have contributed to the shortage of skilled workforce, such as lack of science, technology, engineering and mathematics, or STEM, skills among workers, and a gradual decline of technical education programs in public high schools.    Frankly, another big problem plaguing American manufacturing is its perception. As the old saying goes, perception is reality. The things we build, the way we build them, and the skills required to do so are significantly different than in generations past. This is not your grandfather's, or even your father's industry anymore. It is high-tech. It is skills-based, and it provides good jobs with good benefits that can provide for growing American families.    We must do a better job educating young people to improve the perception of what manufacturing really is, and getting the word out that manufacturing oftentimes, for the most part, is clean, safe, and high-tech, rather than dirty and dangerous.    I am looking forward to hearing your thoughts on the innovative ways that we can work together with academia, and manufacturers, and former actors on Cheers, to address the workforce development issues facing the next generation of American manufacturers.    I would now like to yield to the Ranking Member, Ms. Velazquez, of New York.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    I will now, before introducing our panel, explain briefly our rules. We operate on the 5-minute rule. You will each get 5 minutes. We will get 5 minutes when you are finished to ask questions, and we have a lighting system to kind of assist you there. You have 5 minutes. The green light will be on for 4. The yellow light will come on when there is a minute to go, and then the red light will come on and we will ask you to wrap up, if at all possible, within that time. We will give you a little leeway.    Now, to introduce our distinguished panel here today, our first witness is multi-Emmy-nominated actor, director, producer, author, and staunch Made in America advocate, John Ratzenberger. While he may be best known for his role as Cliff Clavin on the television show Cheers, or for his voice acting in Pixar movies, John has spent the better part of the past 2 decades passionately campaigning about how important it is for Americans to recognize the needs for and to provide the training to produce skilled laborers. To that end, he produced and starred in the Travel Channel series Made in America, which highlighted American-made goods and the workers who build them. With speaking engagements across the country, he continues to encourage the reintroduction of trade, mechanics, shop, and carpentry skills back into the schools so that we can marry human talent and skills to today's innovative society in order to create a better America. Thank you for being with us today, Mr. Ratzenberger.    Up next will be Dustin Tillman, Founder, President, and CEO of Elite Aviation Products in Irvine, California. Elite is an aircraft component design, engineering, and manufacturing company committed to providing cost-competitive, quality manufacturing, and customer-centric solutions to its clients. A graduate of the University of California-Los Angeles where he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Political Science, Dustin entered the supply chain management industry and quickly attained a role of director of supply chain management for Zodiac Airspace, a multibillion dollar airspace company. More recently, he maintained a role in the business management sector for Panasonic Avionics Corporation, where he oversaw the strategic and tactical performance, as well as the business relationships of dozens of worldwide partners. We thank you also for being here this morning, Mr. Tillman.    Our next witness will be Dr. Ray Perren, president of Lanier Technical College in Oakwood, Georgia. He is testifying on behalf of the Association for Career and Technical Education. Dr. Perren is completing his 36th year as an educator, and is currently leading efforts to construct a new main campus for Lanier Tech in Hall County, Georgia. He previously served as President of Wiregrass Georgia Technical College, as Assistant Commissioner for Technical Education for the Technical College System of Georgia, and is President of East Central Technical College in Fitzgerald, and is Dean of Academic Affairs for DeVry University's operations in Georgia and North Carolina. His first 20 years as an educator were spent in the Paulding County School System in Dallas, Georgia, where he served as a teacher, elementary and middle school principal, and as the district's superintendent of schools. We thank you for being with us here this morning also, Dr. Perren.    And I would now like to yield to the Ranking Member, Ms. Velazquez, to introduce our final witness.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Ratzenberger, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Mr. Ratzenberger, I think we will conclude with that if you do not mind. We will get a little longer with questions.    Chairman CHABOT. Yeah. Yeah, it does.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. You will have more time. We will just get to questions.    Chairman CHABOT. Mr. Tillman, you are recognized for 8 minutes and 17 seconds, apparently.    Chairman CHABOT. No, 5 minutes, if you can.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.    Dr. Perren, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Ms. Glas, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. We will now have 5 minutes to ask questions, and I will begin with myself.    Mr. Ratzenberger, you had mentioned, when you were making the Made in America series, the story about the gentleman that if the machine broke down there really was not anybody here to fix it so he would have things shut down for weeks and bring somebody in from Europe or somewhere else. Were there any other stories of that nature that you think we could learn from experiences that you had while making that series?    Chairman CHABOT. Absolutely. Thank you.    Mr. Tillman, let me turn to you. A topic our Committee has examined extensively is the cost of Federal regulation and how that cost is borne by various segments of the economy. Research has found that manufacturers pay nearly $20,000 per employee per year on average to comply with Federal regulations, or nearly double the $10,000 per employee that is borne by other firms as a whole. Manufacturers' costs are much higher. How much of a factor do you believe that things like this, the regulations that businesses have to deal with every year, and those are increasing, how much is that related to firms in this country to say, well, I am heading to Mexico, or I am heading to China or elsewhere to do business there because regulations are a lot less?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. I have only a little more than a minute to go.    Dr. Perren, Mr. Ratzenberger had talked about the 30 welders that somebody was going all the way to Argentina to get, and I have heard similar stories to that and other things which we are not training people anymore. You still have 5 percent, approximately, of Americans that are unemployed, which is probably double that if you really look at the people who have given up looking for a job and they are no longer counted in those statistics, or people that are working part-time that used to be working full-time, or people that are underemployed. They have the qualifications to work, and ought to be earning a lot more but they are working at a fast food industry job or something, and that is honorable work, but oftentimes that is work you might want to start out and then move up. But what ought we be doing in the education system to deal with those types of things? What are we not doing now that we ought to be doing?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. I am sorry I ran out of time, Ms. Glas, but my time is expired.    The gentlelady from New York, the ranking member is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady yields back.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Hanna, who is the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The chair will note for the record, I think that is the first time in, at least my 20 years, that we have heard a Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds quote here in this Committee. We thank you for that.    The gentlelady from California, Ms. Chu, who is the Ranking Member of the Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access Subcommittee is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from Nevada, Mr. Hardy, who is the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Now you are hitting too close to home.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    The gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Kelly, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    The ranking member is recognized for the purpose of asking questions.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Did you want to comment, Mr. Tillman?    Chairman CHABOT. You yield back?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    Before wrapping up, we will check with the gentlelady, but Mr. Ratzenberger, did you want to comment on kind of the role of women as you have seen in manufacturing? I think you mentioned your own daughter?    Chairman CHABOT. Very good. Thank you very much.    I would like to comment as Chair, I think all four of you were great. Excellent panel here. There are a lot of takeaways. We spend a lot of money on education in this country every year and we need a highly trained and skilled workforce for jobs that are now going unfilled and that we have to seek people in Argentina to do our welding. I mean, it is incredible. I think you have given us a lot to think about here as members of the Small Business Committee. As we have said, 99 percent of the manufacturers are small business folks, so this was right in our sweet spot. Thank you very much for sharing your experiences with us. We will share it with our colleagues, not only on this Committee but other Committees in Congress as well.    I will ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    If there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. Thank you very much.