    Ms. FUDGE. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    I am not even sure where I want to begin today. But let me just say this about the historic nature of this hearing today. The only thing that is historic is we have spent about 6 or 7 various hearings on SNAP. We have spent almost that many on child nutrition just as if there is nothing else going on in the world or in this Congress. That is what is historic, that we have spent so much time feeding one issue today.    I sit and I listen to people talk about how people calculate whether they are going to take a job making $18 an hour from one making 11 because they are going to lose it. The average person has no clue what the value of their benefits are. They don't sit and make that kind of a calculation. And there is nothing that you can say to give me any data that they do, other than what you said to them.    There is nothing. There is no proof anywhere that being on public assistance discourages work. There is no proof of it. It is just something that people want to talk about. Absolutely no proof. Maybe what we should be discussing is ways to lift people out of poverty by raising the minimum wage, extending paid sick and family leave for all workers so that their parents don't have to risk losing their jobs to take care of a sick child or a parent, and we need to be talking about enhancing and permanently extending tax credits for working families.    But maybe what we should talk about is corporate welfare. What is their disincentive? They get more money from the Federal Government than all the poor people that you are talking about. Why don't we talk about corporate welfare? These are people who work every day? They are not lazy, but they get corporate welfare. Even in the Tax Code they call it an entitlement. But we never talk about them. We only talk about poor people. And at some point you just have say to yourself, what is the point? What is it that we are trying to do? We are talking about SNAP incentive farm bill. We passed the farm bill. It was a 5-year farm bill. Why are we talking about it? It is done. I don't understand we are wasting this kind of time.    Ms. Golden, could you tell me why you think you are here today really?    Ms. FUDGE. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.