    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this important hearing.    Throughout much of the 20th century, American manufacturing was the nation's economic engine. The country rose to its place as a global economic superpower as customers clamored for the latest American-made products. However, manufacturing sprawl in the U.S. economy has changed considerably since then, but today, we are seeing a manufacturing resurgence. Following years of decline, U.S. manufacturers added 856,000 workers to the payrolls in the last seven years. Moreover, the country's exports, a key measure of manufacturing activity, has been growing exponentially and are now at their highest level in recent memory.    These are positive developments. With almost one-eighth of our economy rooted in manufacturing, strengthening this sector is vital to our country's overall economic health--and to job growth for working families and the middle class.    Although this renaissance is promising for our nation, there remain challenges that are preventing this sector from reaching its full potential. According to the latest U.S. Census Bureau data, small and medium-size businesses account for 95 percent of world consumers, so we must ensure American small manufacturers have access to this global market. As the U.S. becomes an attractive destination for new manufacturing facilities, workforce training programs must adapt to provide the skills necessary for manufacturing jobs in the 21st century. Greater federal investment in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math education will enhance domestic manufacturing. Local and private sector apprenticeship programs can prepare young people for careers in rapid growth areas.    For manufacturers everywhere, access to capital is a persistent problem. This is especially true for smaller startup firms that are on the cusp of fast growth. For these reasons, I introduced the Scale-up Manufacturing Investment Company Act. This legislation will expand investment opportunities for small and emerging manufacturers. We must also remember that economic growth depends on innovation. Research and development fuels technological advancement, and it is critical in fostering new jobs.    Unfortunately, the federal policy shift from domestic investment to deficit reduction could have severe implications for U.S. competitiveness in international markets and for manufacturing jobs. All of these and other challenges point to a need for concerted efforts at the federal, state, and city levels. In recent years, House Democrats have united behind the ``Make It in America'' agenda, a series of proposals to strengthen and expand our manufacturing base. These efforts are important, but they can only succeed if they are guided by insight from the actual businesses. That is what makes today's hearing so important. As such, I would like to thank you for being here today and sharing your experiences.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is my pleasure to introduce Ms. Kim Glas, executive director of the BlueGreen Alliance. Over the past 15 years, Ms. Glas has served in senior leadership positions in the Obama Administration and the U.S. House of Representatives, most recently serving as the deputy assistant secretary for Textiles, Consumer Goods, and Materials at the U.S. Department of Commerce. In that capacity, she worked to improve the domestic and international competitiveness of a wide array of products. She served for 10 years on Capitol Hill, working extensively on manufacturing, trade, and economic policy issues for Congressman Mike Michaud from Maine, and Congressman John LaFalce from New York. Welcome. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. I would like to hear from Ms. Glas and Dr. Perren. As more manufacturing begins to move towards clean and green products and technologies, education in these technology products and business operations must do the same. Are the curriculums keeping up with this move towards green technology?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Ms. Glas?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. Mr. Tillman, manufacturing in my district is alive and growing. The problem that we are facing is the lack of space. As more manufacturing work moves towards automation, workers need advanced education to operate the machinery that produces highly technical goods, like computers and aerospace parts. These jobs also command higher pay, helping more families live the American Dream. Do you feel your employees are adequately trained, or must you invest in training and education upon hiring them?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Do you have any recommendations as to what we can do at the state and federal level to provide the kind of incentives or the kind of support that you need? Because I can believe that that could be very costly.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Do you sell your products abroad?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. You do not?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes, just one question. Dr. Perren, and Ms. Glas, and even Mr. Tillman. How can we get more young girls and women interested in order to change the mindset that the trades are not for girls or women?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. And even when you look at STEM.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Right? And the national focus on it. When you look at the numbers, you see a great gap when it comes to women.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. I yield back.