    Ms. Oakley. Good morning, Chairman Babin, Ranking Member Edwards, and Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me here today to discuss GAO's work on NASA's management of the International Space Station.    As you know, the United States has spent tens of billions of dollars to develop, assemble, and operate the Space Station over the last two decades. The United States could spend billions more in coming years to further capitalize on the investment, given the potential extension of operations to 2024. Today I will discuss three areas: First, NASA's budget for ISS; second, some challenges that could affect increased use of ISS; and finally, steps that NASA and CASIS could take to better document and assess progress in this regard.    NASA continues to make a significant investment in ISS each year. This investment is projected to increase over the next five years mainly because the ISS program will begin to fund commercial crew flights. In 2020, transportation costs will be over 55 percent of the projected $4 billion ISS budget. Unlike transportation costs, costs to operate and conduct research on ISS are projected to remain relatively stable through 2020. NASA officials have indicated that the funding priorities for ISS are crew safety and transportation, maintaining the facility, and finally research. As a result, any increases to transportation costs or operations costs could diminish available funding for research. Furthermore, the potential increases to the ISS budget as a result of the planned extension to 2024 are currently unknown.    Second, NASA and CASIS face several challenges that could negatively affect their efforts to increase use of ISS for science including cargo transportation failures and delays, limited progress in raising additional funding for research, and increased demand for crew time and facilities.    Recent mishaps of the commercial cargo vehicles have had a direct impact on both CASIS and NASA efforts to increase research on ISS. For example, launch failures and delays have already resulted in the loss of CASIS-sponsored research and increased costs by almost $500,000, and let's not forget your crab cakes, Ms. Edwards. Furthermore, additional increases are likely as a result of the most recent failure.    For CASIS, absorbing these increases has and could continue to be challenging because it has thus far made limited progress raising additional funds for science from external sources. For example, in 2014, CASIS had only received a little over $9,000 in contributions. However, CASIS has seen an increase in commitments from external donors. Specifically, in 2014, it received commitments of over $12 million.    CASIS also faces challenges with competition for available crew time and a heavy demand for key facilities which limits the amount and types of experiments that CASIS can bring to ISS. Crew time is already allocated at or over 100 percent. To address this challenge, NASA and CASIS are dependent on commercial crew providers delivering promised capabilities as planned in 2017. With these capabilities, NASA will be able to add a crew member to ISS who will devote most of his or her time to research, effectively doubling research time.    However, many technical challenges and NASA's ability to fund the Commercial Crew Program could delay these efforts. Finally, even if NASA and CASIS can effectively navigate these challenges, demonstrating a return on investment is very difficult in scientific research and can oftentimes take many years.    In the short term, it is essential that CASIS continues to make progress promoting research and achieving its goal of increased use of ISS.    We reported in April that NASA and CASIS could do more to objectively define, assess, and report on such progress, for example, by assigning measurable targets or goals to its annual performance metrics. NASA and CASIS concurred and agreed to take action in response.    In conclusion, potential extension of ISS to 2024 will likely require significant continued investments. As a result, ensuring that ISS capabilities are being used to support significant scientific gains is critical. Furthermore, demonstrating and communicating the return on investment could help support NASA and CASIS in achieving their shared goal of developing sustained commercial markets in low-Earth orbit.    Chairman Babin, Ranking Member Edwards, and Members of the Subcommittee, this concludes my prepared remarks. I'm happy to take any questions that you have.    Ms. Oakley. The bottom line is NASA does need a robust science program on the International Space Station to be able to achieve those longer-term exploration goals. However, NASA has to be able to pay for it, and the Congress has to be able to pay for it. And that relies on a robust commercial participation in low-Earth orbit to be able to do some of the things that NASA needs to divert funding for the longer term exploration goals, too. Like Mr. Gerstenmaier was referring to, being able to establish those markets in low-Earth orbit to do some of the research that's going to be required to support those long-duration human exploration flights is going to be essential, and getting them to pay for it is also going to be essential because going to Mars is expensive.    Ms. Oakley. On the International Space Station program? I haven't looked specifically at the accounting associated with that. What I will say is that I haven't seen any cost estimates associated with extending the International Space Station program beyond 2020, and I think that that's going to be key for the understanding of approving the funding and for everybody getting a very good understanding of what it's going to take to do the extension, to do the science that's required and to do it safely.