    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to testify today.    Again, I am Chuck Smith, council member from Aiken County, South Carolina. I am a board member of the Savannah River Site community reuse organization and chairman of Energy Communities Alliance, the association of local communities that are adjacent to, impacted by or supporting DOE activities.    Our communities have long played a key role in supporting the country's national security efforts, hosting these facilities with the understanding that the waste would ultimately be disposed of in a safe and timely manner.    ECA understands that nuclear waste disposition presents many challenges, often more political than technical, and as you are well aware the development of a geological repository has not proceeded as planned and which is currently receiving waste.    Therefore, there are waste streams in our communities that still have no clear disposal path and we remain de factor nuclear waste storage sites.    Today, I would like to make three recommendations. First, ECA urges Congress to consider feasible alternatives to move waste out of our community safely, beginning with classifying waste based on its composition, not just by where it originated.    This would allow the country to move forward properly, safely and scientifically to dispose of radioactive waste and save taxpayers millions of dollars, and we think it just makes sense.    ECA believes that changing the way the United States classifies waste can provide additional safe publically acceptable disposable alternatives, leading to lower Federal and taxpayers cost for storage and less risk to human health and the environment.    Our radioactive waste classification system currently relies primarily on point of origin rather than composition, with specific hazards posed by its disposal.    This approach has many deficiencies. It can be misleading. Some waste classified as low-level waste can be more long lived and pose a higher risk than others labelled high-level or transuranic.    It could be inconsistent. Low-level waste is defined by exclusion whereas high-level waste is defined by its source. It can also be vague as is the case with the existing definition for high-level waste, which states the waste must contain fission products in sufficient concentrations.    This does not adequately address the current state of defense high-level waste, some of which could technically qualify as transuranic waste if based on its radioactive material content. Only the U.S. classifies nuclear waste this way.    ECA recommends that NRC and DOE work together to consider this option. Many stakeholders feel that NRC and DOE already have the existing authority to make the change.    ECA is looking to Congress to implement a change immediately through legislation. ECA's multi community task force has drafted proposed language for congressional consideration and we have shared this with your staff.    For greater-than-Class C waste disposal in a geologic repository is the only method currently approved by the NRC. In its absence, greater-than-Class C and greater-than-Class C-like waste which includes waste from DOE cleanup programs, has no disposal path.    As the Savannah River Site community reuse organization specifically noted in a 2011 letter to DOE, this waste is considered orphaned and they do not support Savannah River Site as a potential candidate for its disposal.    As a board member of the SRS CRO, we follow the community's guiding principle which is no waste or excess material shall be brought into South Carolina unless and improved and funded pathway exists for processing a shipment to either a customer or an out-of-State waste disposal facility and clarifying waste definitions would be helpful in identifying those disposal paths.    Number two, ECA recommends that full consideration be given--support be given to communities and States interested in providing alternative storage and disposal options as part of a consent-based process.    Greater-than-Class C and greater-than-Class C-like waste is essentially the same as remote handled transuranic waste from the defense sector, which is already exposed of at WIPP near Carlsbad, New Mexico.    The local communities there are knowledgeable on these issues and supportive of the cleanup efforts. If DOE and NRC determine this alternative is safe, secure and reliable, if legislation is passed to allow WIPP to accept the commercial waste as well as the defense waste it already takes, if the necessary regulatory changes are made and resources are provided for outreach and education to ensure the impacted communities in the State understand the potential risk and benefits and approve, WIPP could take appropriate classified transuranic waste as well as a small amount of commercial greater-than-Class C waste.    This could result in more room for high-level waste and spent nuclear fuel in Yucca Mountain or any other geological repository.    As you are well aware, Yucca Mountain is considered full before it even opens. I should also mention the efforts by the State of Texas to license a disposal cell for greater thank Class C and greater-than-Class C-like waste or transuranic waste.    Waste control specialists has a proven track record for safe disposal of low-level waste in Texas. They work closely with the surrounding communities and they too are interested in taking the waste.    Nye County also supports the inclusion of Yucca Mountain as an alternative for disposal of greater-than-Class C waste. However, DOE took it off the table in its draft EIS prior to the resolution of the regulatory and legal issues.    This was due in large part to the administration's determination that Yucca Mountain is not a workable option and suspension of its licensing activities with the NRC.    And lastly, the public must have the opportunity to formally comment on any preferred alternative in pursuit of a consent-based process.    ECA looks forward to reviewing DOE's final greater-than-Class C EIS when it is released. However, as impacted communities we stress that the public must have an opportunity to formally comment on DOE's preferred alternative, especially as we move towards implementing a consent-based process.    This needs to happen even if DOE will have to delay its recommendation to Congress and any record of decision while they take public input into account.    In closing, there are options and the Federal Government needs to give serious consideration to all safe alternatives. Doing so may allow us to overcome stalemates, build momentum and implement a comprehensive strategy that will get waste moving out of our communities as safely and expeditiously as possible.    Again, I want to thank you for the opportunity to present this testimony to you today.    Mr. Smith. Well, I can't speak to Nevada's thought process on that. But I believe it is probably coordination with the State and the community and trying to move things forward.    Mr. Smith. Well, there is, and I think the common thread is is we want to help solve these problems and make a positive impact and we think we have got some solutions but you have got to bring those to the community and the leadership in those communities to be able to get our ideas and impacts that we could have on helping you move these processes forward.    Mr. Smith. Absolutely. We certainly want input into that.    Mr. Smith. Yes. Most of all our communities in the Energy Communities Alliance are supportive of this effort.    Mr. Smith. Well, we had discussions with DOE but there has been no commitment from the Department of Energy. We think that the easiest solution would have--would be for Congress to change the language to composition as opposed to origin and that would give us the ability to look at a number of waste streams to be able to move quickly out of our communities and have immediate impact.    Mr. Smith. Well, I don't think that I am qualified to answer that question. But I do think that legislative assistance with this would get the process moving very quickly.    Mr. Smith. Well, something has got to be better than where we have been. So I think that anytime we can get together and you involve the communities we can give you ideas and opportunities that you may not see.    For instance, we have identified over 2,300 canister or high-level waste that with this reclassification could possibly be considered transuranic waste and be disposed of in a different route than a geologic repository.    Mr. Smith. I think there is good dialogue although there is probably mixed results for your question. There could always be more. I do think we need to be engaged more, yes.    Mr. Smith. I guess it depends on who you ask that question. They think they are. Sometimes we think there should be, you know, more community involvement and assistance with the communities, you know, with the level of risk that we are having to take on behalf of the Department of Energy.    Mr. Smith. Well, it doesn't involve cleanup but, again, you know, the MOX facility is something that came to South Carolina with the promise that that was going to be completed and that those waste streams had a disposition path out and, again, as you see it has certainly taken on the same characteristics of Yucca Mountain.    You know, that gives us pause for, you know, what we are being told by the Department of Energy and, you know, the administration. So yes, we have serious concerns in all of our communities and we all have issues like that.    Mr. Smith. Well, I am probably not the one to answer that question so I would like to consult with staff and get back with you on an answer--a written answer to that question.    Mr. Smith. Well, I serve on our council. I serve on a CRO.    Mr. Smith. The leadership of the community that helps focus the ideas and opportunities that are going to    Mr. Smith. Well, we have a five regional area that consists of five different counties that have access or have, you know, input into what takes place on the site.    So we live right on the Savannah River and you cross the Savannah River to Georgia they have a third of work force over in Georgia and, clearly, they are impacted as well so----    Mr. Smith. OK. So that five-county area all has input into this process.    Mr. Smith. They are all bordering Savannah River Site except for the Georgia side of the compact.    Mr. Smith. Because of the river.    Mr. Smith. That is correct. That is correct.    Mr. Smith. No, it is not a local community.    Mr. Smith. Well, from Aiken County's standpoint, again, we recognize five counties as players or participants in the process for Aiken County and Savannah River Site. And so that is the input that we want to have on behalf of what takes place here.    Mr. Smith. Again, you know, I am not an expert on this but if we were to change the language in the Nuclear Waste Policy Act to reflect composition of the waste we think that are other alternatives for some of the waste that we currently have at Savannah River Site. So we do see alternatives for that.