    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And for the record I want to say that my wife and I love our postman. He does a great job.    Ms. Lowrance, it was mentioned earlier about some of the things that are being done in the private sector. I would like to ask you what cost-cutting initiatives has industry had to implement in the wake of the evolving postal world as we know it?    Mr. Palmer. If you had to guess, what cost-cutting efforts would the Postal Service have to take or be taking if it were a private company?    Mr. Palmer. I want to bring up a couple of things that have come to my attention that I think might be helpful. For instance, there is an economic analysis from a group called Keybridge you might be familiar with Ms. Brennan that says the Postal Service could save over $2 billion on the delivery vehicle procurement that you are planning, which is expected to cost over $6 billion. How do you respond to that?    Mr. Palmer. You are correct in that. There are a number of factors, and that is one of the reasons why your costs are so high because you are buying vehicles that you plan to keep in place for a number of years and your fuel costs, your maintenance costs are exorbitant compared to what other private companies would be doing. And I highly recommend that you take a look at that Keybridge analysis. And if you have trouble finding it, I think if you will let the committee know, we can find that for you, get that for you.    There is also an issue, Ms. Brennan, that in November the inspector general put out their semiannual report and found that there was $1.8 billion in funds that could be put to better use and $455 million in questionable costs from April to September of 2015 alone. I would like to know how you responded to the IG's report.    Mr. Palmer. Well, considering the environment that you are in right now and, you know, these two combined would be somewhere in the range of $2.3 billion and that you could save another $2 billion in your vehicle procurement, you know, it gets you a little over $4 billion, I think that ought to be a couple of things at the top of your list for consideration.    And then I am not for layoffs either, but I also am concerned about the public perception of the post office and, again, for the record, we think the world of our postmen. But there was a survey done by Accenture, evaluated 24 government-operated postal organizations and two private companies that together deliver 75 percent of the world's mail and found that the post office ranked last as the lowest-performing postal agency or commercial operator in the world. And my concern is it is not just with the cost-cutting but the public perception of what the post office does and yet you add the poor performance, and I think because of the labor contract you are under, the inability to remove poor-performing workers and then these losses, the post office has got to really address these issues to improve its image and to make it a viable industry.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.