    Mr. Murphy. Good morning. I convene this hearing of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. We are here today to discuss a continuing and increasingly expensive problem, waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicaid program. I guess one way I could put this is, for centuries people have tried to deal with the issue is there life after death, and apparently there is in Medicaid, and we will get to the bottom of that today.    Last year the Medicaid program provided medical services for approximately 60 million people at a cost of $310 billion. But during that same year, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services estimate that the improper payment rate was 6.7 percent, or $17.5 billion. This is an increase of almost one percent, or over three billion, from the previous year. It is a troubling trend, especially as the program continues to expand.    Unfortunately, the Medicaid program is far too accustomed to fraud. In fact, the Government Accountability Office has designated the Medicaid program as a high risk for fraud and abuse since 2003, and it has been the subject of multiple GAO and Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General Reports over the past several years, including a GAO report being highlighted today.    In 2012 the Committee requested GAO identify and analyze indicators of improper and potentially fraudulent payments to Medicaid beneficiaries and providers. In a trustworthy study, another in a longtime examining Medicaid fraud, GAO has reported that CMS needs to take additional actions to improve provider and beneficiary fraud controls. GAO found that thousands and Medicaid beneficiaries and hundreds of providers in just four states: Arizona, Florida, Michigan, and New Jersey, were involved in possible improper or fraudulent payments during fiscal year 2011. For example, almost 200 deceased beneficiaries received at least $9.6 million in Medicaid benefits. About 8,600 beneficiaries received payments by two or more states, totaling at least $18.3 million.    The Social Security numbers for about 199,000 beneficiaries did not match the Social Security Administration databases. About 90 medical providers had their medical license revoked or suspended in the state in which they received Medicaid payments. At least 47 providers had foreign addresses as their location of services, including Canada, China, India, and Saudi Arabia. About 50 providers who received Medicaid payments were excluded from the Federal program for a variety of reasons, including patient abuse, or neglect, fraud, theft, bribery, and tax evasion.    GAO acknowledged that regulations issued in response to the Affordable Care Act may have addressed some of the improper payment indicators found in GAO's analysis. For example, CMS created a tool called the Data Services Hub to help verify beneficiary application information, but questions remain whether this tool has been properly implemented, and if the states have been able to effectively use this tool to combat waste and fraud. In fact, just a few weeks ago, a Reuters report found that more than one in five of the thousands of doctors and other health care providers in the U.S. prohibited from billing Medicare are still able to bill state Medicaid programs.    The report included disturbing stories, such as a Georgia optometrist who claimed he conducted 177 eye exams in one day, yet remained on South Carolina's Medicaid rolls for almost a year after he pleaded guilty in Georgia. In another instance, an Ohio psychiatrist routinely over-reported the time he spent with patients, and even billed for no-show patients. CMS revoked his billing privileges after he was convicted of felony Workers' Compensation fraud, yet he continued to work in the Illinois Medicaid program, getting paid $560,000 for services or prescriptions he wrote after his Medicare provider revocation. Shockingly, on the day he was being sentenced in Columbus, Ohio, he also claimed that he saw 131 group therapy patients at his Illinois practice.    Now, these stories, we know, are unacceptable. Medicaid fraud undermines the integrity of the program, denies our most vulnerable the services they deserve, and waste taxpayers' hard earned dollars. I hope we will hear today about the steps that can be taken to further combat fraud in the Medicaid program. That is what we want to focus on. And GAO has recommended some common sense steps that would reduce fraud, such as issuing guidance to states, better identifying beneficiaries who are deceased, and the availability of automated information through Medicare's enrollment database.    In light of the history of fraud in the Medicaid program, and its growing size, however, will these steps be enough? Will we be here again in another 2 years discussing the same thing? And with the Medicaid program continuing to expand, the Committee is concerned that the opportunity and motivation to defraud the program will only increase.    So I would like to thank our witnesses who are here today. You have the ability to save the taxpayers a massive amount of money. We hope to hear from you today how you plan to do that, and we are grateful for your presence.    Mr. Murphy. And I now recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. DeGette of Colorado, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Now I will recognize Dr. Burgess for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentleman yields back, and--if there is anybody else on our side who wants the remaining 50 seconds? And, if not, we will move over to the Ranking Member, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, I appreciate that. We will proceed onward. It is good to see we are all on the same team today, focused on this, and our witnesses are part of this too, so I would like to introduce the witnesses for today's panel, make sure I get the names right. It is Seto Bagdoyan, did I get that right? Good, thank you. The Director of Audit Services in the U.S. Government Accountability Office Forensic Audits and Investigative Services Missions Team. Welcome here.    And Dr. Shantanu Agrawal--you have been here before, welcome back--is the Deputy Administrator and Director of the Center for Program Integrity at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.    I will now swear in the witnesses. As you are aware, the committees holding investigative hearing and when doing so, has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do either of you have any objections to testifying under oath? Neither of you do, thank you.    So, as the Chair, I would advise you that under the rules of the House and rules of the Committee you are entitled to be advised by counsels. Do either of you desire to be advised by counsel during your testimony today? And both of you say no to that, so, in that case, if you would please rise, raise your right hand, I will swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. You are now under oath, and subject to the penalties set forth in Title 18, Section 1001 of the United States Code. You may now give a 5 minute summary of your written statement. You know how to watch the red light in front of you. Stick with that, and I guess we will start off with Mr. Bagdoyan.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Dr. Agrawal, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you very much. Let me recognize myself for 5 minutes and keep this moving. We appreciate your input on this, and some ideas here.    Dr. Agrawal, the improper payment rate for Medicaid program was 6.7 percent in fiscal year 2014. That was an increase over fiscal year 2013, where it was just 5.8 percent. Now, CMS set the target rate for Medicaid payments at 5.6 percent, so CMS failed to meet the target rate for 2014, is that correct?    Mr. Murphy. So why was the target rate not met?    Mr. Murphy. But for 2015 they have set this improper payment rate target at 6.7 percent, and that is the same rate it was in 2014. It is actually higher than the improper payment rate for 2013 and 2014. So why is CMS actually raising that improper payment rate, that error rate, for Medicaid instead of lowering it, and setting a target for reduction of errors?    Mr. Murphy. And we want to help you with this. We just want to make sure that the information that this Subcommittee gets, this Committee gets, can help facilitate that process. But if we raise our tolerance level for errors, and then we say, well, it is all within what we accept, that's not acceptable, so I really want to caution you on that. What I am hoping, that we can not have that goal, but really work towards of a goal of how to lower it, and then identify those outliers. And, I mean, you heard the opening statements. This subcommittee is with you on trying to identify mechanisms for this.    Now, the Office of Management and Budget has designated Medicaid as one of 13 programs as higher, with Medicaid ranking third, with $17.5 billion in improper payment amounts. So does CMS know why Medicaid has been designated by OMB as a high error agency, Dr. Agrawal?    Mr. Murphy. Well, let me move on to something else here. Director Bagdoyan, the GAO has also designated Medicaid as a high risk program since 2003.    Mr. Murphy. What are the criteria that land the Federal program into that kind of category, and it has been that way for a long time?    Mr. Murphy. Fiscal oversight at the Federal level, or state, or both?    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. And part of this too is--we see that you are collecting data. You couldn't even get data from some of the states because it just isn't there. Is there things we need to do or things that you can recommend as well--what we need to make sure that states have been presenting data so we can analyze it and identify the problem, either one of you?    Mr. Murphy. And what we usually have as our tools in Congress is a carrot or a stick to enhance that, I am out of time here, but I would be looking forward to your comments of what we could do, because without the data, you can't provide an accurate recommendation to us. Ms. DeGette, 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I now recognize Mr. McKinley for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentleman yields back. Now recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Now recognize Dr. Burgess for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentleman yields back. Now recognize Mr. Kennedy for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I guess this can go in the category of lies, damn lies, and statistics. We appreciate it no matter what it is, and we are all in agreement that we want to make sure we rid that--Dr. Bucshon, you are next for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Ms. Clarke, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Now recognize Mr. Brooks for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlelady yields back. Now recognize Ms. Castor for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Mullin, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Mr. Green, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentleman yields back. Now recognize Mr. Collins for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentleman yields back. Just to clarify, Dr. Agrawal, did you set the standard at 6.7 percent?    Mr. Murphy. And, Mr. Bagdoyan, you more or less audited this information and provided it for us, correct?    Mr. Murphy. So the follow up to Mr. Collins's question that is important for us to know, the process of how that is done? Because I think you heard unanimity of opinion, none of us want to tolerate that, but we need to know how that is happening so we can make changes on this very thing. But I thank you. I now recognize Mr. Yarmuth for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentleman yields back, and I will recognize Ms. Blackburn for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentlelady yields back. I am going to let Ms. DeGette take 2 minutes, and Mr.----    Mr. Murphy . Dr. Burgess, and we will proceed from there. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Burgess?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Let me just say this, first of all, we are grateful you came to us in a candid way. But I think you hear among us, we want to facilitate this. None of us are going to tolerate any kind of acceptance of this. And there was a concern about whoever made the decision to just raise the level, it is not really acceptable. What we want to know is the methodology, and work with you, and see what next steps we need to take to deal with fraud and abuse.    Granted, this data is from 2011. Some changes, as Ms. DeGette pointed out, may have already been put in place, to whatever extent you can tell us about that. We want to move a trajectory towards this, because, goodness knows, federal dollars are limited, and anybody who is out there being a crook needs to be handled appropriately so the money can go to those who need it. That is where our compassion should be. It is sort of in the category of those who can, those who can't, and those who won't. And those who won't play by the rules, they need to face the consequences.    So we will be passing on other questions to you, and, to that extent, I want to thank the members for participating, and when the questions are submitted for the record, we would appreciate it if you could get back to us with prompt responses. So, to that extent, I now adjourn this hearing. Thank you.