    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank you for holding this hearing to examine the efforts undertaken by the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide service dogs to veterans of the U.S. armed forces to assist with treatment for posttraumatic stress.    I would also like to thank today's panel of witnesses for helping the committee with its work and again thank all our veterans in attendance and active military.    It is the mission of the Department of the VA to serve and honor the more than 21 million dedicated men and women who are America's veterans in fulfillment of President Lincoln's historic commitment to ``care for those who shall have borne the battle and for their widows and orphans.''    With the formal end of the U.S.-led combat mission in Iraq in 2010 and in Afghanistan in 2014, the return of over 2.7 million veterans from extended service in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation Enduring Freedom, and other war zone deployments, the fundamental duty of the VA to provide dignified care to America's veterans and their families remains as critical as ever. In turn, our continued and bipartisan oversight of the VA is essential to ensuring that the agency is able to carry out its important mission.    As most recently evidenced by the generation of post-9/11 veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, effective treatment for posttraumatic stress, also known as PTSD, is one urgent area of veterans' health care that the VA and Congress must continue to strengthen. According to the VA's National Center for Posttraumatic Stress, 20 percent of our veterans who served in Operation Iraqi Freedom or Operation Enduring Freedom have PTS in a given year.    The prevalence of posttraumatic stress among our Iraqi and Afghan veterans is primarily the result of multiple tours of duty and repeated, severe, and constant combat exposure. Moreover, the VA has reported that veterans with PTS are particularly vulnerable to the risk of suicide, which continues to affect veterans at a devastating rate. Last month, the VA under secretary for health David Shulkin, again estimated that every day approximately 22 veterans take their lives in this country, and that is tragic.    Similarly, the Department of Defense reported last week that suicide rates for active duty service members remain high for the 7th year in a row with 265 active duty service members lost to suicide in 2015. We are clearly failing to meet our obligations to our returning and active service members.    The impact of posttraumatic stress in our veterans' community is a complex and far-reaching issue that demands a comprehensive approach to treatment and rehabilitation. This includes robust funding for the VA to continue to expand its mental health services. And I was proud to join the chairman to support the bipartisan omnibus funding bill passed by Congress and signed by President Obama at the end of last year that would provide $50 billion for VA medical services and specifically targets mental health care and suicide prevention.    We must also encourage the development of commonsense alternative solutions that could further assist veterans with PTS rehabilitation. One alternative is the topic of today's hearing, providing service dogs to veterans with PTS to help alleviate their related symptoms.    As noted in the American Medical Association Journal of Ethics in June of 2015, ``Initial academic studies have revealed that veterans paired with service dogs report less severe PTS symptoms, stronger social relationships, decreased substance abuse, and other increased health benefits.''    Pursuant to the Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2010, Congress itself mandated the VA to conduct a 3-year study, as noted by the chairman in his remarks. That study was to examine the benefits of using service dogs for the treatment of rehabilitation of veterans with physical or mental injuries, including PTS.    Regrettably, as the chairman has noted, the VA encountered numerous challenges in getting this study off the ground, including inadequate oversight over its service dog vendors and inconsistent service dog training standards. As a result, again, as the chairman has noted, the agency now expects to complete the study in November of 2018 or into 2019.    I understand the VA is taking steps to address these problems. However, a delay for a study of this importance for this amount of time is simply unacceptable. And I look forward to examining the progress of this further study with our witnesses.    And I also think that the chairman's idea of going forward with a pilot program, which can be based on the evidence in hand today, is a great way to go at this problem.    So I am proud to cosponsor two pieces of bipartisan legislation that have been introduced in Congress to facilitate the use of service dogs to assist our veterans.    Chairman DeSantis, my colleague on this committee, has introduced H.R. 4764, a bill to require the VA to commence the service dog pilot program right away that is specific to post-9/11 veterans with severe PTS. And I am proud to join him on that.    Also, Representative Jim McGovern of Massachusetts has also reintroduced legislation to establish a grant program to assist nonprofit organizations in developing and establishing service dog programs for veterans. And, Mr. Chairman, I would ask unanimous consent if I could please submit Mr. McGovern's legislation for the record.    Mr. Lynch. And there is a supporting statement into the record as well.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, sir.    As evidence continues to show that service dogs are one way of helping veterans with PTS, I certainly support the expansion of these efforts.    Mr. Chairman, thank you again for holding this important hearing, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just for the record, we had some hearings over in the Senate on veterans and opiod addiction. And this is a 2015 hearing. And in response to questions around opiod disorder by Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana, VA indicated that about 68,000 veterans in 2015 had opiod use disorders. I think it represents about 13 percent of the total population of veterans currently taking opioids according to the VA. If 68,000 have opiod use disorders and that is 13 percent of the veterans on opioids, that is a huge, huge problem.    A couple of the witnesses have mentioned the cost. And we just had an opportunity to go to Iraq last week, Anbar Province, and they had a couple of dogs they had trained, but those are trained for bomb detection. But I asked. I asked the DOD. I said what does it cost for us to train a dog in that context? And they said $55,000 each. But that is DOD. You know, I am not surprised that the private sector is doing it for a heck of a lot less. And that is probably apples and oranges. They get trained for something particularly different.    But, Mr. Lyle, first of all, thank you for your courageous service to our country and you are helping veterans still. That $10,000 that you mentioned, is that what it cost you to ----    Mr. Lynch. Is that acquisition as well when you ----    Mr. Lynch. Yes? Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Lyle.--for ----    Mr. Lynch. Well, the life of the dog and the benefit that it conveys, you are right, absolutely.    Mr. Lynch. Don't let the DOD hear you say that.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Diamond and Mr. Feldman, Mr. Diamond first, 17,000 square feet--I am not sure--you mentioned your facility down in Florida. And obviously, there are efficiencies of scale because you are training so many dogs. How many dogs do you probably train at a time?    Mr. Lynch. Wow.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. And what do you see in terms of the costs of you, you know, more professionally, you know, doing it 30 times at a whack? What do you see your costs on average?    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Diamond.--is a huge cost-savings for the country.    Mr. Lynch. Yes. And what is the lifespan, the average lifespan of one of the dogs?    Mr. Lynch. So 10 years ----    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, they are training her throughout that 10 years or so, so that is the service that is being rendered. You divide the cost of training and acquisition over the 10 years. You amortize it, I guess.    Mr. Feldman, do you have anything else you would like to add?    Mr. Lynch. Yes. You know, you see the number of veterans that we are treating with opioids, and there is just no happy ending there with the addiction rate we have, so we have got to try something different.    My time is expired. Thank you for your indulgence, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lynch. Sure.    Mr. Lynch. Sure.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The way this is structured under the chairman's bill, the key relationship will be the VA and the contractor, if it is Mr. Diamond and K9s for Warriors or any other group. The 2016 VA report said that there was a problem with the VA not getting out to the contractor location where the training was going on or to the home of the veteran with the dog, and that broke down. Are we able to cure that defect in further studies, in the existing study ----    Mr. Lynch. Okay. Thank you.