    Dr. Lurie. Thanks. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ms. Castor, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. I'm Dr. Nicole Lurie, the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, and thank you for the opportunity to talk to you today about yet another emerging threat, the Zika virus.    While we don't yet know everything we need to know about Zika, as a primary care physician and as a mom, I know how deeply concerning what we're all learning is. As you know, ASPR was established almost a decade ago by the Pandemic and All Hazards Preparedness Act in part to overhaul the government's approach to emergencies that threatens the public's health, whether naturally occurring or manmade. Since that time and with the support of Congress including many of you, ASPR has done just that, developing a flexible set of capabilities to quickly adapt to challenging threats, including Ebola, MURS, and now Zika virus.    Since early reports of the potential link between Zika virus and microcephaly, HHS has taken proactive and as scientific evidence has mounted increasingly targeted actions to protect the American people. Today I'll highlight three areas in which ASPR's work is critical.    First, our central role is to coordinate across HHS and beyond ensuring that all components have the latest information and best scientific evidence to inform key decision making, and that all are driving toward the same goals.    Second, ASPR has a mandate to develop the most promising medical countermeasures through the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority or BARDA. I know this committee is aware of how successful BARDA has been producing 22 licensed products and support nearly 200 countermeasure candidates over the years.    Third, ASPR is clearing longstanding obstacles to progress in this area, such as agreements on virus sample sharing and close collaboration with regional and international partners. You should know that well before the first case of Zika in the U.S. in early January, I convened the HHS Disaster Leadership Group to coordinate our preparedness efforts. This group is made up of leaders from across HHS including CDC, NIH, and FDA, and it ensures that the department's senior leaders have shared awareness and the ability to make timely, informed, and coordinated decisions during emergencies. We've convened this group for every emergency and it will continue to meet throughout this crisis.    Similarly, on December 2nd of last year I directed the Public Health and Medical Countermeasure Enterprise or PHEMCE to conduct a comprehensive review of its portfolio to identify candidate products with the potential to stop transmission of Zika.    This committee is well aware that the best ideas for medical countermeasures won't translate into the drugs, vaccines, diagnostics we need without investment. The BARDA component of ASPR is tasked with transitioning promising medical countermeasures through advanced development and across the so called valley of death toward FDA approval. In the case of Zika we've established three countermeasure priorities, vaccines, diagnostics that can detect both acute and previous infections, and insuring a blood supply that's safe by developing blood screening tests for Zika, and techniques for virus inactivation in blood.    Because access to virus samples is critical for developing diagnostics and vaccines, we've worked across government to successfully establish sample sharing and vaccine development agreements, including with Panama and Brazil, respectively. We've also established a mechanism to address international requests for assistance because we recognize that health security knows no borders.    While we move forward aggressively to prepare for the threat of Zika, many of our efforts will depend on new resources. The Emergency Supplemental Request includes funds for CDC, which is responsible for the bulk of the public health response, for medical countermeasure development, and for contingencies that may arise over the course of the response.    For countermeasures we've been successful in moving from a reactive model of preparedness to a proactive one, building on strong day to day systems and a flexible set of capabilities to do this. The same goes for state and local health departments which is why preparedness for all hazards is so important.    A lesson from both H1N1 and Ebola was the need for flexible funding to insure that we can move quickly as other departments can so that something that starts as a crisis does not become a full-blown emergency. The contingency fund included in the President's supplemental request addresses this overarching need; enabling us, if needed, to make emergency procurements or quickly take other actions that become necessary but that we cannot currently anticipate.    In sum, HHS has mounted a proactive and coordinated response to the Zika virus, building on Lessons Learned from previous challenges, and the domestic preparedness infrastructure we've worked so hard to establish. Congressional approval of the Administration's funding request will provide critical resources to improve our ability to prevent, detect, respond, and rapidly adjust to Zika and other emerging vector-borne infectious diseases.    Thank you again for inviting me here. I look forward to your questions.    Dr. Lurie. So in terms of the Zika response, ASPR's role as it usually is, is to coordinate for her and on her behalf policy issues and other issues related to the Zika response. ASPR is very actively fulfilling that role, as you heard in my testimony. As part of that role, the CDC has primary responsibility for the operational public health response, and Dr. Frieden has the lead for that.    Dr. Lurie. ASPR has coordinating responsibility on behalf of the Secretary for this. The primary response is an operational public health response and that's what CDC does day in and day out.    Dr. Lurie. Yes, absolutely.    Dr. Lurie. I would only add that we've been really approached by a whole array of companies who are now actively working to develop their own diagnostic tests. We're in a position to provide them support and to work closely in collaboration with FDA to make a smooth, easy path if those diagnostics are effective.    Dr. Lurie. Well a we talk about this paradigm of prevent, detect, respond, prevention is key, so mosquito vector control has got to underpin our efforts for the foreseeable future for Zika, and also for other vector-borne diseases.    Dr. Lurie. If I might----    Dr. Lurie . Add that one of the most important components of this is being sure that our day-to-day public health system is strong so that it can do this detection. If you start from a low level each time and we build and then let it decay it doesn't really make any sense. Our country has a pretty good history of national attention deficit disorder when it comes to preparedness and maintaining a strong public health infrastructure, and a strong preparedness system is going to be key both for this outbreak and for all the questions about how we are going to deal with the next outbreak. Those day to day systems are critical.    Dr. Lurie. Yes. No, thank you for that, and that's the job of my office, to do that coordination.    One of the things that we also do is think about Lessons Learned from other outbreaks. And as I said earlier, one of the things that has characterized challenges in our response whether it was to H1 or to Ebola is that Congress was very generous in providing supplemental funds, but we can't move out quickly and prevent a crisis before it becomes an emergency unless we have some kind of a contingency fund to be able to get going at the beginning.    We've shortened the time dramatically between when Congress is able to approve funding and when we can get it out the door, but each one of those things still creates a lag. I work with FEMA all the time, and you know that when a Presidential emergency is declared and the Stafford Act is activated, money moves right away. At HHS, we don't have that kind of a response fund to respond to public health emergencies, and that's something that I think we're very focused on.    Dr. Lurie. No.    Dr. Lurie. Sure, great question. So, back in 2010 when we took a look at the countermeasure industry and decided to pivot, we decided to move away from one bug/one drug to these platform technologies, so we are actually now engaged with a host of vaccine development companies, we have open solicitations to work with them. We are providing technical assistance on the use of platforms specifically. The same thing with diagnostics and tests in that regard. We built these Centers for Advanced Development and Manufacturing. One of them is in your home state, and they also are positioned to use various platform technologies to make vaccines so that when a candidate is ready they would be the kind of place that you could actually do the scale up, development, the pilot lot manufacturing, and potentially even with technology transfer be able to, when they're ready, manufacture large volumes of vaccines. So Dr. Fauci's group and mine are working extremely actively, talk every day to be sure these hand-offs are ready and the platforms are ready.    Dr. Lurie. Yes.    Dr. Lurie. So there's no question at all that the funding is critically important. You know, BARDA gets----    Dr. Lurie. Because it provided additional flexibility for advanced research and development funds so that we could move forward with those platforms. Right now the Special Reserve Funds are limited to being able to purchase things that are material threats on the material threat determination, and our pretty profound need right now is in the advanced research and development area.    Dr. Lurie. Oh, we----    Dr. Lurie. No, we are always concerned that we can do the job we need to do for the American people and having enough money to be able to procure for bio threats. As you know, in the multi-year budget we've got a 5-year projection of what it is that we need. We believe that for Fiscal Year '16 or '17, sorry, that we have sufficient funds to procure the countermeasures that will be ready.