    Dr. Gosar. Well, I should attend this hearing more often to be entertained by the other side. Wow, interesting.    Hey, Sue, how are you doing?    Dr. Gosar. Good seeing you again. I am very appreciative of you and your husband taking my staff and I down there to the border, and on your property. I certainly appreciate it.    So, you know, Sue, I was taken back when we came down there, how--we went to the fence, and we saw this barbed wire fence that, if I wasn't a decrepit old guy, I could just jump right on over.    Dr. Gosar. I am taken back by that. In your opinion, is the border secure?    Dr. Gosar. That is exactly right. And it is also about enforcing the rule of law. And if we were here at the expense of the taxpayer to empower Mexico's economy--I don't find that in my Constitution here, and that is what I thought I heard, is that we are here to build the economy of Mexico. I hope that is not the case. The case is we should be caring about this country; and if you are not supposed to be here, you are supposed to enforce the border aspects.    Now, the other thing I was taken back by is the amount of trash. Is that good stewardship of our Federal lands, Sue?    Dr. Gosar. Yes. I want to make sure I didn't miss anything. So, for the drug cartels, we have a sensitivity training in regards to conservation and endangered species. Are you familiar with any of that?    Dr. Gosar. Yes. It is a sad quandary. And last time I looked, you were a citizen of the United States, right?    Dr. Gosar. And your property was in the defined parameters of the United States of America, right?    Dr. Gosar. And you are entitled to the same protections as somebody, let's say, in Glendale, Arizona or in Springfield, Illinois?    Dr. Gosar. Yes, that is unfortunate.    Mr. Andrew, I have just a short amount of time. In your testimony, you state and I quote, ``We believe that we have been and will continue to be successful in securing our borders and conserving our Federal lands.'' Massive numbers of aliens are crossing our borders illegally and damaging our Federal lands. You find that as a term of success?    Dr. Gosar. You still counted that as success.    Dr. Gosar. And would you say that more empowerment of local and Border Patrol actually facilitates that?    Dr. Gosar. And would you also say that enforcement of the current laws by U.S. attorneys, let's say down in Tucson, would actually help, too, instead of allowing people to just go free?    Dr. Gosar. Thank you very much.