    Ms. Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary King, welcome to the committee. I would like to return to the supplement not supplant conversation.    In 2011, the Department issued a policy brief and report analyzing the compliance and the comparability requirement for per pupil expenditures for Title I schools, a proposal that is analogous to the Department regulations. Assuming you have more recent data, would you please provide us the estimated cost in State and local dollars of compliance with the proposal put forth by the Department during negotiated rulemaking?    Ms. Foxx. Well, how can the Department put forward a regulatory proposal without understanding the financial impact and how can the Congress and the public be expected to evaluate its wisdom without such information?    Ms. Foxx. The Center for American Progress reported last year the nationwide compliance cost for proposals similar to yours would be 8.5 billion. Do you think that is a reasonable estimate?    Ms. Foxx. Let me now focus on how school districts would comply with your proposal. The Department's 2011 report indicates some of the Nation's largest school districts could have to increase spending by anywhere from less than 1 percent to as much as 20 percent.    Please tell the committee specifically how school districts are not able to increase spending by these amounts to comply with your proposal.    Ms. Foxx. If school districts are forced to change teacher hiring policies and somehow find the legal and contractual authority to do so in order to comply with the proposal, school districts, rather than school principals will assume more authority for personnel hiring decisions in local schools.    Tell us how this would benefit low-income students when we know that effective principals with greater staffing autonomy can be one of the most effective ways to increase student outcomes?    Ms. Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to give a very strong thank you to our practicing professional witnesses here today for your strong, positive commitments to educating the young people in their purview.    I think it comes across very, very strongly that you care, that you understand the subjects, and that you are really committed to serving the children that you serve, so it is so refreshing--it is not refreshing, it is great to hear it. I hear it a lot when I am at home from people in your same position, so I know there is a lot of good going on in education in this country. And the good that is going on is being done by people like you, and so I appreciate you very much.    Dr. Schuler, I want to ask about the foster care regulations you raised in your testimony. I know Dr. King said the Department has also released guidance on that subject just this morning. Could you talk more specifically about the current process between school districts and child welfare agencies and what impact that the Department's proposal would have on you?    Ms. Foxx. Now, thank you very much for that response.    Dr. Pruitt, in your written testimony, you talked about the restriction the Department was proposing to place on State flexibility to define ``consistently underperforming''. I think it is pretty clear you have been talking about this already in the State of Kentucky, but would you expand on that just a little bit?    Ms. Foxx. Thank you very much. For anybody who is taught, we all know that it is so important to teach at the level that the students are able to perform or at least, I mean, that is what we understand.    And Ms. Harrelson, I want to make a particular thank you to you for being a math teacher. Every time I meet great math teachers, I say you are worth your weight in gold. We need a lot more of you in the schools, so thank you for doing that as well as having such a well-rounded perspective. I yield back.