    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you.    Thank you, Commissioner, for being here.    A particular piece of legislation that I have that we are looking at today is the CLEAR Act, and I understand that closing letters are sometimes provided when an investigation has taken place and you decide that there wasn't an illegal act. So, the closing letters are provided, but these do not include information that would be helpful for companies to determine behavior that is not illegal.    The CLEAR Act provides a framework for illustrating fair and truthful practices. But you noted your concern in testimony that the descriptions required in the bill may identify a company even though the bill prohibits the Commission from including information that identifies the company at issue. And I understand your concern to mean that, even if no information identifies the company in the description, the company could be, nonetheless, identified.    So, my first question is, do you believe the Commission is unable to describe the legal activities of a company without providing sufficient information for the company to be identified? Because what we are hoping is that in the course of your investigation you can say, ``We looked at these practices. They are legal,'' and other companies could use that to guide themselves as guidance. Is there a possibility of doing that? I know when you asked about the CLEAR Act, your concern on the CLEAR Act was you would disclose companies, and we think it could be done without.    Mr. Guthrie. But if you were doing an investigation on the company, obviously, something brought you into the company to do the investigation. And if you do the investigation and you realize that they are complying with the law, then I think it would be useful information for other people to have. I think it would be good guidance to say, ``Hey, we found these practices are within what we are describing.''    But would this concern about disclosure be mitigated if the company could request that particular disclosure for that company not be made before the final CLEAR Act report is completed?    Mr. Guthrie. Well, what if you could make out a company the end result was make out this company and say, ``They're complying with the law.''? That is when you do the closing.    But, Rule 3.2.4.2 of the Staff Manual provides that, if no violation of laws or regulations is revealed in the initial phase of the investigation, it shall be submitted for closing. You must have some kind of information that you send back to say, ``Hey, the Staff Manual says we are going to look at this.''    My point is that you are already doing the work. It seems like that would suffice for the report on the CLEAR Act.    Mr. Guthrie. OK. Well, thank you. My time has expired and I yield back.    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the panel for being here today, the second panel.    A first question for Mr. Wright: the FTC used to issue closing letters indicating why it closed investigations without taking formal agency action. Could you explain how an analysis of why something is not legal is different from complaints which lay out what activities are legal?    Mr. Guthrie. OK. Thanks.    I also have H.R. 5109. Well, H.R. 5109 specifically applies to unfair or deceptive acts or practices. But I have introduced a related bill with a colleague on the Judiciary Committee, with Chairman Burgess, that would also require CLEAR Act disclosures for investigations of unfair methods of competition. In your opinion, would adding this layer of disclosure also be valuable for companies?    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you.    And based on your first answer leads me to my next question, Mr. Castro. We talked about common law, and you teach common law. So, Mr. Castro, do you believe there is a true common law created by the FTC's published consent orders? Please explain why you believe that or not believe it.    Mr. Guthrie. In just a couple of seconds, Mr. Manne, if I can get it in real quick, what value do you see in adding transparency to the FTC's closed process of any investigations where companies have not engaged in unfair or deceptive acts? And, of course, how would the CLEAR Act improve the current state of affairs at the FTC? Mr. Manne, yes?    Mr. Guthrie. OK. How would the CLEAR Act improve the current state of affairs at the FTC?    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you. I am out of time.    Mr. Guthrie. My time has expired. I appreciate it.