    Mr. Murray. Mr. Chairman, Members of the Committee, thank you. My name is Ryan Murray. I am vice president of operations at Murray Energy Corporation, our Nation's largest underground coal mining company. I am here today to discuss the devastating impacts from the Stream Protection Rule proposed by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement: the Nation's mining operations, our proud American coal miners and their families, our numerous suppliers, and our communities.    While I will focus today on the Stream Protection Rule, it is just one of many regulations from this Administration that are destroying our industry's jobs, operations, suppliers, communities, and families.    Murray Energy and subsidiary companies have over 2,000 employees out of work right now from our peak employment of 8,000 employees in May of 2015. Several hundred of these men and women I hired myself. Due to the destructive and illegal actions of the Obama administration, our industry is under attack. Now with the proposed Stream Protection Rule, our industry will be eliminated for no environmental benefit. The SPR was originally conceived to keep surface mining operations from mining through streams.    However, during the 6 years it took OSM to draft the SPR, the rule was manipulated into complete rewrite of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977. This is most likely due to the fact that OSM drafted the rule largely behind closed doors and without meaningful input from primacy state agencies, nearly all of whom dropped out of the formal consultation process with OSM because they deemed it to be a sham.    Now the SPR will ultimately end all underground longwall mining in the United States. Longwall mining is the safest, most modern, cost-effective, productive, and environmentally friendly method of mining in existence. As the diagrams attached to my testimony show, due to OSM's incredibly broad and unsupported interpretations in the SPR, extremely vast portions of Murray Energy's coal reserves and those of other coal companies will be sterilized if the rule is finalized as proposed. Incredibly, OSM has not even considered the need for a grandfathering provision, which means that primacy states will be required to overturn existing permits for which significant time, planning, and resources have already been expended.    Simply stated, the SPR eliminates the United States coal industry. For underground mining operations, the SPR is expected to strand 289 million tons of coal reserves annually, with a value of at least $18 billion per year. Additional impacts include a decrease in recovery of coal reserves by up to 64 percent, loss of annual contribution to the Nation's GDP of between $26 and $58 billion, and $3 to $6 billion in Federal and state tax revenue reductions. This will be devastating for America.    This is a human issue. Layoffs are expected to be dramatic, with between 40,000 and 77,000 coal miners expected to lose their jobs. These estimates completely undercut OSM's ridiculous suggestion that there will be minimal job impacts from the rule because coal mining jobs will be replaced with compliance and government inspector positions.    The broader effects of these layoffs will be enormous, as suppliers, retailers, and others feel the impact of reduced spending from the mining industry. One outside expert concluded that the SPR would cost between 112,000 to 280,000 jobs throughout the United States. Another analysis indicates an even greater ripple effect, where one lost mining job causes a loss of 11 additional jobs in the community, meaning up to 850,000 lost jobs as a result of the SPR.    For a coal miner, losing a job even temporarily is financially devastating. Most often, their major asset owned by many miners is their home. When they have to relocate just to attempt to find work, to whom are they supposed to sell this home? Their community is devastated. The Administration asserts that these coal miners will simply be retrained for other work within their communities. The reality is, there are virtually no other high-paying jobs in these communities. The average wages of a U.S. coal miner are typically double those of the average in their community.    Additionally, suppliers to the coal industry will be further devastated by the SPR. For example, one major equipment supplier in the mining industry, who is a world leader in innovation and development, had their first layoff in the company's 80-year history just last month. The SPR will push this innovation and manufacturing to other countries permanently.    Lastly, the impacts on coal mining communities themselves will be significant. Many of these communities rely on coal severance tax revenues to fund critical programs and projects, including school districts. OSM wholly ignored all of these real-world consequences, which disproportionately affect low-income households. The Obama administration's regulatory assault can best be described as a political power grab of America's power grid. It is my sincere hope that Congress will stop the proposed SPR rule.    Thank you for this opportunity to speak on behalf of our Nation's coal miners, and I will be pleased to answer any questions.    Mr. Murray. Yes, sir.    Mr. Murray. In addition to the Stream Protection Rule, we have the Clean Water Rule, the mine dust rule, the ozone rule, and the Clean Power Plan that we are currently dealing with, along with a myriad of other regulations that have been pushed under this Administration.    Mr. Murray. I am not a climate scientist; I am a coal miner. But I will say that by the EPA's own admission, you could shut down every coal-fired power plant in the United States, and it would have a negligible effect on the climate. That is a fact; they have stated as such.    I am here today to talk about the Stream Protection Rule. This is a real issue. It is a job killer. It is going to affect those on fixed income, low-income families, senior citizens, and it is a catastrophic rule that will destroy underground coal mining in this country.    Mr. Murray. Yes, absolutely. We are for clean water. There are laws on the books right now with the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977. Those rules are complied with daily. We have more environmental scientists on staff than we have mining engineers. So, we work with the state and Federal agencies continually and apply our good science and good faith and sincere concern for the environment on a daily basis and we work with those agencies. And the rules that are on the books now, they work, and they do not need to be materially rewrote under the Stream Protection Rule.    Mr. Murray. Absolutely. Yes, that is correct.    Mr. Murray. That is correct, yes.    Mr. Murray. Absolutely.    Mr. Murray. In the mining sector, we have one called the mine dust rule, which on its face sounds like it is a health and safety rule that would help our miners but, in fact, it does not. But as far as occupational safety health measures, it is the only thing we would be contesting.    Mr. Murray. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your question. It is devastating. I have talked to many of our employees. We have 2,000 that are laid off right now. I have had to lay off many of them myself. They express outrage. Financially, they have nowhere to go. And there is no job for them to go to. Our coal miners are making around $80 to $100,000 a year. These jobs are irreplaceable anywhere in their community.    Some of the greatest reward in my career has been when I have hired someone that literally was working at a fast food restaurant and we gave him a job opportunity; he improved his standard of living, bought his first house, had his first child, grew up, sent his kids to college. We get to see those things on a daily basis, and with this Stream Protection Rule, that will not continue to exist.