    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having this very important hearing. And thank you for the timeliness of this hearing.    Mr. Thornburg, I would like to ask you about the current version of the Merlin engine that you are using. Is it the new, is the new baseline, is the full thrust Merlin engine the new baseline for the Falcon version 1.1 going forward? And does SpaceX intend to bid that system for upcoming EELV launches?    Mr. Lamborn. Now, what are the differences between the two systems, both hardware and software? I heard there are hundreds of differences. Is that correct?    Mr. Lamborn. But what I am trying to get at is with the changes that you have incorporated, does the previous certification cover the new, what amounts to what I would consider a new version once you have started making a lot of changes?    Mr. Lamborn. So even though there are an undetermined number of changes, indeterminate number of changes, you can't give a number, you don't think that amounts to anything worth recertifying?    Mr. Lamborn. Or reopening the----    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. I just wish there was a little more certainty in this. Because you can't even tell me how many changes there are. I guess that is a concern I think we should get to the bottom of.    Changing gears here, Ms. Van Kleeck, what advanced technology does the RD-180 use? And why isn't it important that we bring that technology to the U.S.?    Mr. Lamborn. Mr. Meyerson, do you agree with that assessment?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. Thank you.    And thank you all for being here.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Thornburg, I would like to drill down just a little bit more on a line of questions I was pursuing earlier to hopefully get a little more clarity. In response to a question for the record from the last hearing, General Hyten stated that, quote, ``SpaceX has not formally submitted the changes desired to be accepted under certification for the full thrust system to the Air Force,'' unquote.    If SpaceX hasn't formally submitted the changes, then how is it that your system should be certified for launch or eligible for competition on EELV?    Mr. Lamborn. Well, that doesn't really satisfy me. Let me approach this from a little different angle. And I am going to refer to an article from March 17 of this year, Aviation Week article entitled ``SpaceX Sees U.S. Air Force Certification of Falcon 9 By Midsummer.'' Okay. And here is a quote out of that article. And it is a lengthy quote, so bear with me a minute.    ``This year, SpaceX expects to debut another Falcon 9 upgrade, one that will see at least a 15 percent increase in thrust for the Falcon 9's Merlin 1D core-stage engines and a 10 percent increase in the upper stage tank volume. NASA has said such an increase in thrust is likely to require significant design modifications to the engine and rocket, which could necessitate additional certification work, including a series of successful flights to prove the vehicle.''    So how is it that NASA can say that these are significant modifications and that they require additional certification and possibly test flights, and yet you don't seem to think that there is a need for more certification?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. Well, let me change gears and ask my last question. You stated in your opening statement that there should be a 50-50 investment in a new engine. Did SpaceX follow that guideline for Falcon 9 investment?    Mr. Lamborn. You said 100 percent. It is my understanding that the bulk of SpaceX's capital is actually forward-funded NASA contracts totaling around $3.5 billion. Is that correct?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Chairman.    And I want to follow through on a question I was asking earlier. And if I could just go down the line, starting with you, Ms. McFarland. And it has to do with questions I was asking to SpaceX.    If they haven't submitted changes for the upgrade Falcon 9, then how can it be said that their system is certified for launch or eligible for competition on the EELV?    Mr. Lamborn. And you mentioned test flights in the case of ULA. Will test flights be part of the protocol with SpaceX?    General Greaves. As a basis, yes, sir. But I will use the RL10C as an example. That engine was qualified as part of ULA's design and delivery process, and we flew it for the first time with an operational mission--it was a classified mission--back in December.    So it depends on the level, degree, amount, impact of the changes that we are looking at, to determine whether or not it would require a re-flight or test flight. It is no different, sir, than what we have done historically with our launch providers.    Mr. Lamborn. And, Dr. Griffin, would you care to comment?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay.    And for a couple of clarifications, Ms. McFarland, some people have made unhelpful comments out in the public that the money from the sale of the RD-180 engines goes to, quote, ``Vladimir Putin and his cronies.''    Can you clarify that, please?    Mr. Lamborn. Well, thank you for your background work and for that clarification.    And, lastly, I would like to clarify with you or possibly General Greaves, Reuters reported at one point that the contracting approach used by ULA to purchase RD-180 engines via RD Amross employed, quote/unquote, ``questionable contracting practices.''    Is that true?    General Greaves. Congressman, no. It followed the standard process where the Air Force procurement contracting officer, with advice from such agencies as the DCMA , DCAA , examined the contracting approach for both ULA and RD Amross, and they did a couple of things.    They went through and essentially did a price analysis to assess whether or not the proposed prices we were paying were within historical bounds. They also took a look at, for instance, the RS-68, what it cost to produce that engine versus what we were paying for the Russian engines.    And they correlated all this information. And there was also a cost study that was done. So, in the end, all the steps were taken. The RD-180 was procured on a fixed-price basis. So we followed all those rules, and we vehemently dispute the accuracy of that information.    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. Thank you for that clarification.    Thank you all for being here.    Thank you, General Hyten and General Greaves, for your service to our country.    Dr. Griffin, Ms. McFarland, thank you for helping our country, as well.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for indulging those questions.