    Mr. Kelley. Thank you. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, I'm honored to appear before you today to offer testimony highlighting the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area program and to speak to the reauthorization of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, specifically to the recommendations of the HIDTA directors with regard to proposed reauthorization language.    ONDCP establishes priorities and objectives for the Nation's drug policy. The Director is charged with producing the National Drug Control Strategy that directs the Nation's efforts. The current strategy promotes a focused and balanced approach.    The HIDTA program is an essential component of the National Drug Control Strategy. The 28 regional HIDTAs are in 48 States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the District of Columbia. HIDTAs enhance and coordinate anti-drug abuse efforts from a local, regional, and national perspective, leveraging resources at all levels in a true partnership.    At the national level, ONDCP provides policy direction and guidance to the HIDTA program. At the local level, each HIDTA is governed by an executive board comprised of an equal number of Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies. This provides a balanced and equal voice in identifying regional threats, developing strategies, and assessing performance.    The flexibility of this leadership model creates the ability for the executive board to quickly, effectively, efficiently adapt to emerging threats that may be unique to their own HIDTAs. Investigative support centers in each HIDTA create a communication infrastructure that facilitates information sharing among law enforcement agencies to effectively reduce the production, transportation, distribution, and use of drugs.    The strengths of the HIDTA program are truly multidimensional. One of the cornerstones of the program is its demonstrated ability to bring people and agencies together to work toward a common goal.    The neutrality of the HIDTA program is viewed as another key to its success. HIDTA is a program, not an agency. HIDTAs do not espouse the views of any one agency, nor are we beholden to the mandates of any one agency. HIDTA serves only to facilitate and coordinate.    While the enforcement mission remains paramount, HIDTAs are also involved in drug-prevention activities. The fact that we cannot arrest our way out of this drug problem is well recognized in the law enforcement community. The emerging partnership between public health and public safety has never been more important, and HIDTA provides the perfect platform to promote that partnership.    The Washington-Baltimore HIDTA seeks to break the cycle of drug abuse and crime through well-organized criminal justice-based treatment programs. The focus is to reduce crime in targeted communities and change the drug habits of repeat offenders.    The New England HIDTA has partnered with the Boston University School of Medicine SCOPE of Pain program. Here, the opioid heroin epidemic is addressed at the front end through extensive prescriber education. Through an innovative use of discretionary funding, five HIDTAs have jointly developed a heroin response strategy to address the severe heroin threat in their communities. The strategy provides a unique, unprecedented platform designed to enhance public health, public safety collaboration across 15 States.    ONDCP and the HIDTA program currently enjoy a collaborative and cooperative working relationship that has never been stronger. The National HIDTA Directors Association strongly encourages Congress to reauthorize ONDCP during this session.    The National HIDTA Directors Association supports the existing language of the ONDCP Reauthorization Act of 2015, with three exceptions. First, the existing authorization specifies that the Director shall ensure that no Federal funds appropriated for the program are expended for the establishment or expansion of treatment programs. The proposed revision of this prohibition would allow the Director, upon request of a HIDTA executive board, to authorize the expenditure of program funds to support drug treatment programs. We support this change, but believe that funding should not exceed a cap of 10 percent of the affected HIDTA's baseline budget.    Second, in the past, no more than 5 percent of HIDTA funds could be expended for the establishment of drug prevention programs. The new wording allows the Director, upon request of the HIDTA executive board, to authorize the expenditure of an amount greater than 5 percent of program funds. We support this change, but again believe that funding should not exceed a cap, a maximum cap of 10 percent of the affected HIDTA's baseline budget.    Third, and finally, the language authorizes an appropriation to ONDCP of $193.4 million for the HIDTA program. This amounts to a 22 percent reduction in program funding. This reduction would severely handicap the HIDTA program. The National HIDTA Directors Association respectfully recommends funding in the amount of $245 million, which was the amount awarded in fiscal year 2015.    I thank you for allowing me this opportunity to testify before you this morning and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Kelley. Sure. And thank you for that question.    The HIDTA program has historically always identified the most prevalent threat. There is no greater threat, certainly in the Northeast, but throughout other areas of the country, than the abuse of heroin and controlled prescription drugs. It is probably the overriding issue taking the lives of so many. So for that reason, the HIDTA program has put that firmly on the radar.    The HIDTA program, through its enforcement efforts of Federal, State, and local at the ground level, comprised of Federal agencies, State, and local working together to identify, number one, the source of the heroin that's coming into this country, dealing with the drug-trafficking organizations that have literally invaded our communities through a variety of investigative methods.    But the HIDTA program also embraces, as I said earlier, a very holistic and multidisciplinary approach. We recognize in law enforcement across this country each and every day that we can't arrest our way out of this problem. And so for that, we have reached out to the public health community, we have made partnerships where partnerships never were before.    Mr. Kelley. International as well. International through ONDCP and the DEA, which are probably the backbone of many HIDTAs, have worked to identify where it's coming internationally. And when we do that, we try to interrupt that supply line. The supply line goes to distribution areas throughout the United States. We have HIDTA groups that day in and day out focus primarily, again, on the major trafficking organizations, not the user on the street per se, not the person that's afflicted medically that's the victim of a disease, but by those organizations that are making money at the anguish of so many.    So we look at it in a multidisciplinary approach from enforcement, from prevention, and from partnerships that we've established throughout the public safety and public health community.    Mr. Kelley. I would agree with that, Congressman. And how so is that the HIDTA program traditionally has been an enforcement-based program, and that's where our greatest success has lied over the years and continues to show great success from that. But we also recognize as law enforcement professionals that the multidisciplinary, multifaceted approach is so very important as the landscape of drug abuse has changed, that treatment and prevention play crucial roles in the overall strategy. The Washington-Baltimore for many years, and has had treatment programs well before the prohibition was in place, has shown great success.    However, we also recognize that it is a very, very expensive proposition, the treatment end of things. Prevention has been throughout the HIDTA program for a number of years.    The flexibility of the HIDTA program, the beauty of the HIDTA program is our ability to bring people together to make the best possible use of resources, to tap into other treatment sources, to tap into other prevention resources, together with some limited HIDTA funds to make a great impact. I really believe that that can continue should the Congress reauthorize under the current reauthorization language, and I believe that treatment does have a place at the table. I think most HIDTAs across the land, if not all, would agree with that. And the executive board would have that ability to bring that aspect of the strategy into play should they desire to do that.    Mr. Kelley. I'm----    Mr. Kelley. I am.    Mr. Kelley. Melrose, Massachusetts.    Mr. Kelley. That's correct.    Mr. Kelley. It would allow for a--the current language would allow for an amount greater than 5 percent, and the HIDTA Directors is recommending that it be capped at 10 percent.    Mr. Kelley. Not statutorily.    Mr. Kelley. It would be a recommendation.    Mr. Kelley. That's exactly right, Congressman. The goal is, is to maintain, to strike that balance, to maintain the integrity of the HIDTA program as we all know it, and the success of the program, as we all know it, which has primarily been enforcement based, disrupting, dismantling drug trafficking organizations aimed at the supply. We also recognize the prevention and treatment aspect of the holistic approach.    So the HIDTA directives, in trying to avoid diluting the program or mission creep, being law enforcement professionals, knowing that there's already a 5 percent, which, I might add, that no HIDTA in the country has approached--in recent memory, has approached 5 percent of this spending on a prevention program, yet they have that ability. We feel that allowing an open-ended spending, or funding for those, has a possibility of changing the structure and integrity of the HIDTA program or a particular HIDTA as we know it.    The strength of the HIDTA program across the Nation, all 28 or 32, depending on the southwest border, how you choose to view it, is its unity in strategy. If we had one or more that really bent a particular way because of open-ended funding, I think it would change the landscape of HIDTA as we know it.    Mr. Kelley. No. Unfortunately, that is not the case. I think----    Mr. Kelley. Right. But it is--no, we can't arrest--there is not enough jails, there are not enough police officers, there are not enough law enforcement officers to do that, number one.    Mr. Kelley. We would hope that that would be the case but not always, not always. And sometimes they come out worse than when they went in. And so, I think law enforcement across the land has had a paradigm shift, and they understand, for that very reason, it's kind of a cliche now, we can't arrest our way out of a problem, nor do we want to. They also recognize an addiction is a disease, and needs to be treated.    However, those that capitalize and benefit from that tragedy are the ones we're after.    Mr. Kelley. Well, the HIDTA program is historically--has been very valuable in using the funding that's been appropriated. We have, in the past, provided a very substantial return on investment. To reduce this program would put us back many, many years in the progress we've made. Certainly, the language in the authorization----    Mr. Kelley. Have we reduced it? No, we have not. In fact----    Mr. Kelley. Let me just check.    Mr. Kelley. No, I----    Mr. Kelley. My testimony was, Congressman, is that what the HIDTA directors were recommending, instead of going back, in fiscal year 2015, the HIDTA program, Congress awarded us $245 million, and we've done tremendous things with that money. To go back to 193.4 as--and I know it comes out of appropriations, but in the language of reauthorization in print, should someone decide to latch onto that, would be a 22 percent reduction, it would severely handicap the program.    Mr. Kelley. No, I--Congressman, I bring those comments because I'm well aware in our area, in New England, we deal with correctional institutes on a fairly frequent basis on a number of issues. I can tell you from my past law enforcement experience, most, if not all, issues that I dealt with had some relation to drugs, a drug abuse, and there were a number of people that I knew personally that went into the correctional institute, came back out, and within a short period of time, without treatment, they were back committing crimes and back on the addiction. So it is very, very important from a personal standpoint.    Mr. Kelley. Where we got the 10 percent from, Congresswoman, is that was a figure that was derived in two different ways. Number one, using the prevention history of the HIDTA program. Even though that 5 percent of funding has been available for some period of time across the Nation, many HIDTAs have never approached that, and it's not from the lack of----    Mr. Kelley. Treatment has never been----    Mr. Kelley. You were grandfathered in, correct.    Mr. Kelley. Is that directed to me?    Mr. Kelley. Oh, certainly it has, and, in fact, I speak for all HIDTA directors, when they recognize the value of treatment, most definitely, but----    Mr. Kelley. 10 percent was based on----    Mr. Kelley. It was more based on the budget, and the fact of the matter is, is that, historically, we've never exceeded, in the prevention realm, more than 5 percent. I also spoke about the partnership that we have with ONDCP and the fact that we, as law enforcement professionals, value that, and the fact that by elevating it to increasing, almost doubling, that would give the executive boards fairly wide discretion in using an effective baseline.    Now, the baseline of a HIDTA differs across the Nation. Some of those, for example, in New England, HIDTA's baseline is $3.1 million per year. That would allow the executive board, upon approval of the director, to use upwards of $300,000 as a maximum. That is also very important to realize is that that is not the only source of funding for treatment that would be available.    The beauty of the HIDTA program is our partnerships across the spectrum of health care, and in coordinating with other people, we can really maximize that impact. But I think it goes back to allowing for treatment, allowing for prevention, allowing for enforcement, that multi-disciplinary approach is very, very important, and we recognize that, but we also recognize the fact that we are flat-funded across the Nation. Discretionary funding sometimes is--varies, and discretionary funding would allow--the more discretionary funding certainly would allow HIDTAs across the land to use more money for these kinds of programs.    Mr. Kelley. Thank you, Congresswoman. In fact, you've struck a number of points that I've written down that are very germane. The HIDTA program has been intimately involved with the Caribbean, not only through our HIDTA program that's there presently, but we, on a monthly basis, we have a conference call, sometimes attended as many as 90 people on the conference call, and it's the Caribbean intelligence conference call where members of not only ONDCP, but all the Federal agencies here in the United States to talk about the transportation of drugs and the sharing of intelligence, and we've made some great, great progress. So much so that it has been a repetitive--a repetitive conference call and will continue to do that.    To your point on including in the reauthorization and the type of border strategy, I think it's very, very important, as we look at the drug issues here in this country, that we not only have to look inward, but we have to insulate ourselves from the outside, and whether it's a northern border strategy or southwest border strategy, or Caribbean border strategy, that is the transportation corridors where these drugs are invading our community.    So it makes perfect sense to me, and I think to ONDCP, or with the strategy that just came out, that the Caribbean is a very, very important partner in this issue of reducing the supply that comes from elsewhere in the world, and we know that we have to take greater strides in protecting not only the people of the Caribbean and those nations and those territories, but to prevent the transportation of drugs through there to make that a no-go zone for these drug trafficking organizations.    Mr. Kelley. Thank you.    Mr. Kelley. No. I was going to address one other issue that you raised, if I may, if the chairman allows.    Mr. Kelley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Congresswoman, I just wanted to bring your attention--for the record, I would certainly in the Washington-Baltimore HIDTA, which is in your district, I would certainly invite you--in fact, I spoke to the Director prior to coming down here, knowing that this is a prevalent issue here--I would invite you, that he would be able to speak to you at any time that you wish.    I also have with me a threat assessment that was done on synthetics in this very area and a number of recommendations, which I'll be glad to share with you.    Mr. Kelley. That was developed by the Washington-Baltimore HIDTA in their initiatives that they're working very closely with the chief of police, who sits on their board, to address these very issues.