    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My quick assessment is that, for Russia on the economic front, they care about what is going on and they can care more. Diplomatically, they don't care what people think, and militarily, the West has to find a way to get them to care more. And right now, we are not, because backing diplomacy with nothing is going to continue to get us--you know, we will have Minsk III and Minsk IV and Minsk V and still no action out of Russia, in my view.    General, I want to ask you a question. I was asking you, or somebody, at the NATO PA , and it is simple. I mean, do you think Russia understands the difference between a NATO country and a non-NATO country?    General Breedlove. Congressman, the short answer is yes. I believe they do understand what Article 5 means and I think they do respect that. But that does not mean that they will not reach out to those dense Russian-speaking populations that might be in a couple of our border NATO nations to see if there is a way to raise and foment unrest there.    Mr. Larsen. Thanks. And do you think a--would a lack of quick NATO consensus on a specific action to counter an Article 5 violation would preclude any one NATO ally from acting to defend Article 5?    General Breedlove. Congressman, I would just say that I was at Wales and I have been at every meeting since Wales. And one of the things that was most striking to me is that while we have lots of tough conversations--as you know, NATO is not only facing Russia to the north and east, but there is a growing concern about the south, what is coming across the Med from Africa, what is coming out of the Levant and Syria and Iraq. So there are lots of things that sort of cause us to have conversations about where we should focus.    But what I was struck by in every meeting since Wales is the iron-clad commitment to Article 5 responsibilities and defense.    Mr. Larsen. Ms. Wormuth, what do you think has been the primary objective of Russia's military modernization?    Mr. Larsen. Well General, talk a little bit about that rightful sphere of influence because in your testimony, although you didn't cover it in your oral, in your written, you discussed the Russian investment in infrastructure in the Arctic, and the United States actually chairs the Arctic Council starting in April of this year. And Commandant Papp, former Commandant of the Coast Guard, is the State Department's designee to that.    Russia is a member of the Arctic Council. I don't imagine that is going to get in the way of the Arctic Council doing whatever it needs to do. But there is this issue of the Arctic opening up, more water days per year, and then you have this heavy investment, it seems, from Russia in the Arctic. Can you talk a little bit about that?    General Breedlove. Congressman, just to agree with much of what you said, that there is this opening and changing way that we might be able to use the Arctic. And frankly, one would hope that we could see that as an opportunity and a place that we might cooperate. But there are concerns by the NATO nations who are along the Arctic--or all of the eight nations of the Arctic really are watching what is going on up there, and some have more concern than others.    Clearly, as you state, the Russians are changing the nature and capabilities of their infrastructure in the Arctic. This could either be for good or not.    Mr. Larsen. You know what? I have got a question, but I don't want to get tapped down by the chairman, so I will yield back.    The Chairman. I appreciate the gentleman's consideration. With the largest committee in the Congress, we have got to stay on time.    Gotcha. Mr. Scott.