    Chairman TIBERI. Good morning. This Subcommittee will come to order. Welcome to the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Health hearing on preserving and strengthening the Medicare program. This is my first hearing as the Chairman of the Health Subcommittee, and I would like to say thanks to this Committee, this Subcommittee, for giving me the opportunity for a good discussion today and in the future about health care.    And I would like to welcome also to the Committee new Members of the Subcommittee: Mr. Paulsen of the great State of Minnesota and Mr. Lewis of the great State of Georgia. It is great joining you two, as well. And I am sure, knowing both of them, they will be valuable additions to our Subcommittee.    Another year and another round of seniors have become Medicare-eligible, navigating through a difficult program at times. Instead of more choices today for those beneficiaries, this year there are fewer choices. Obamacare's raid on the program and the increased regulatory burden on providers piled on to the outdated structure of traditional Medicare benefit is causing today's seniors to be inundated with an array of confusing deductibles, coinsurance, co-payments with no protection from high healthcare costs unless they enroll in a private plan. I experienced that with my mom and dad on Medicare during a long Thanksgiving weekend, going through a number of different things that were mind-boggling.    Despite major improvements and innovations in the healthcare sector that have transformed how care is delivered, traditional Medicare has barreled through the last 50 years on the same trajectory of increased costs and little innovation. And now we see in the Obamacare exchanges the same kind of bureaucratic nonsense that is driving up costs for beneficiaries, while disincentivizing personalized care: plans have one-size-fits-all requirements directed from Washington bureaucrats, not from patients or providers.    Yet while the Administration continues to struggle to implement Obamacare by setting government standards for benefits and care, this Committee will begin the long look at how to make sure the patient is at the center of healthcare decisions. That begins with long-overdue reforms to the outdated Medicare benefit.    It is time to continue those efforts sustained by the Bipartisan Policy Center and other bipartisan partnerships like Bowles-Simpson and Thomas-Breaux, to bring true entitlement reform to traditional Medicare. Their research, modeling, and their work over the years to advance long-overdue reform has been critical.    Updating the Medicare benefit design will bring the program into the 21st Century and meet the needs of current and future seniors. These reforms would bring the traditional Fee-for-Service benefit up to the standards that 17 million people, nearly 32 percent of enrolled seniors, are currently enjoying under the Medicare Advantage program. MA plans offer high quality, coordinated care for our seniors. These plans also provide stability: largely stable co-payments; financial protections provided by maximum out-of-pocket limits; and strong incentives under their benefit structures to encourage seniors to receive the most high-value, efficient care possible.    Of course, Medicare Advantage isn't perfect. But its popularity and market-based roots serve as an excellent example for needed entitlement reform. For the MA programs to be the bridge to the entitlement reform we need, we also need to unshackle the program further. We should repeal such onerous Obamacare policies such as the cap on benchmarks and expand ideas like value-based insurance design throughout the entire MA program.    While we are encouraged by the growth in seniors choosing innovative value-based care through Medicare Advantage, we remain concerned about the viability of the overall Medicare program. Congress must come together, Democrats and Republicans, to find commonsense policies that will ensure the solvency of the program, like combining the deductibles under Part A and Part B of Medicare, and empowering seniors and providers with choice.    This will likely mean some hard choices, some education, and certainly lots of compromise. The status quo in Medicare is a fiscal fantasy, and we need to act sooner, rather than later, to ensure the program is around for future generations. I hope that this hearing can kick off a robust discussion on what policies we can get done to provide for the future of the Medicare program, as well as what past policies stand to go as they are hampering our goals to get to high-valued, coordinated health care for all seniors and future seniors, like me.    So, with that, I would like to recognize the gentleman from the great northwestern State of Washington, the distinguished Ranking Member, Dr. McDermott.    Chairman TIBERI. We are bipartisan.    Chairman TIBERI. This is your birthday song.    Chairman TIBERI. Oh, no worries on my part.    Chairman TIBERI. Should we warn Dr. Price that you are coming up?    Chairman TIBERI. Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    Today's witness panel includes three expert witnesses. Thank you all for being here today.    First, Katherine Baicker, the C. Boyden Gray Professor of Health Economics, and Chair of the Department of Health Policy and Management at Harvard University's T.H. Chan School of Public Health is with us.    Next, we will hear from Bob Moffit, a Senior Fellow at the Heritage Foundation.    And finally, we will hear from Stuart Guterman, a Senior Scholar in Residence at AcademyHealth. I think we have had you up here before, Mr. Guterman, so welcome back.    With that, each of you will have 5 minutes, and we will begin.    Ladies first, Ms. Baicker.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Dr. Baicker.    Mr. Moffit, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Moffit.    Mr. Guterman, you may proceed. You have 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Guterman.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you.    Chairman TIBERI. You are 1 minute over. I gave you a little bit more time.    Thank you all for your really good testimony. I am going to start the questioning off with Dr. Baicker. In my district in central Ohio there is a wildly popular Medicare Advantage plan run by a Catholic non-profit, and they just get rave reviews. And, as you know, Obamacare instituted nearly $150 billion in specific cuts to the Medicare Advantage program. Even more than that if you account for interactions with the cuts to Medicare, as a whole.    So, as an expert in MA plans, I would be quite interested in your opinion on what are the most egregious ongoing policies that we, as Congress, in a bipartisan way, can prioritize? Things that need to be repealed immediately. Where should we focus as a Committee and as a Congress to help?    Chairman TIBERI. No, you are good.    Chairman TIBERI. Great, thank you.    Dr. Moffit, a question for you that pertains to protecting beneficiaries in the Medicare program. As mentioned, there is no out-of-pocket cap in traditional Medicare, yet the MA program is required to offer that type of protection to beneficiaries. A central feature of the bipartisan options to combine Medicare Parts A and B, as has been mentioned, includes that necessary protection.    Based on the feature alone, it seems like a policy that is a no-brainer. Do you see any reason why we should hesitate? What are the pitfalls, if we go forward? Are there any? And should we begin that process?    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you. I am going to turn to Mr. Thompson. But before I do that, you were all nodding, I think, yes when he talked about MediGap reform. All agree? Okay, interesting. Maybe we can all agree up here, too.    Mr. Thompson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. The gentleman's time has expired. I would point out that Medicare Advantage is private plans and, in my district, wildly popular.    Mr. Thompson, one point, just for clarification, I don't know if you have seen it, but the CBO report from January has 2026 as the new date for Medicare Part A. I think the number that you were using was the older number from last year from the trustee. So just a point for the record.    Mr. Johnson is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Johnson.    Dr. Baicker, if you could answer the Chairman in writing, that would be great. Thank you.    Mr. Kind, your birthday. Have you heard about the Boehner birthday song?    Chairman TIBERI. I won't sing it to you, but I will say it.    This is your birthday song, it won't last too long.    Chairman TIBERI. So happy birthday, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Mr. Guterman, I need you to wrap it up real quick here.    Chairman TIBERI. You are over.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you.    Mr. Buchanan is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. I will recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Lewis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Lewis.    Where am I here? Ms. CPA Jenkins, the gentlelady from Kansas, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Well done, Ms. Jenkins. Thank you. We are going to now go to a two Republican-one Democrat order. So with that, the gentleman from Minnesota is next in line. Welcome again, Mr. Paulsen. You're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. I'm just going to mention I've got a couple pieces of legislation that are bipartisan that we've introduced that I think the Subcommittee can look at and certainly the full Committee. One is the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act, which focuses strictly on obesity and making sure seniors have access to drugs that were not initially eligible under Medicare Part D, but can have a huge impact right now on cost. And the other is the Better Care, Lower Cost Act that Peter Welch and I will be reintroducing soon that talks about chronic condition management and increased cost that we've seen in the Medicare system there that we can focus on.    But let me go to one other question, because this came up a little earlier in regard to this voucher, regarding premium support, and maybe, Dr. Moffit, you can comment. Because I do know that the former Congressional Budget Officer--Director, Alice Rivlin, in the Clinton Administration has made it very clear in saying the premium support is not a voucher. But can you elaborate? Does moving to a system that has premium support eliminate the Medicare guarantee? Is it a voucher, Dr. Moffit?    Chairman TIBERI. The gentleman's time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Paulsen.    Mr. Blumenauer is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you. Thanks for your sincerity. Will you put a good word in with Dr. McDermott for me?    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you. That's great.    The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Brave man.    Chairman TIBERI. The gentleman's time has expired. I'm sure he doesn't agree with you.    So, Mr. Smith, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Mr. Smith.    Ms. Black, welcome. I know you had a brutal budget hearing. Mr. McDermott told us he was leaving, too, and he hasn't come back yet. So welcome. This will be much nicer.    Chairman TIBERI. You're recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you, Nurse Black, for your efforts in this area. This has been terrific. You three have been very substantive, and I don't want this to end. So I'm going to indulge this process a little longer, and I hope you will agree to partake in this, because I think this has been really, really substantive.    So, Mr. Guterman, I enjoyed the exchange that you, Dr. Moffit, and Dr. Baicker had with respect to Medicare Advantage. So let me kind of frame this for you. I have an 81-year-old father who's been on Medicare now for over 15 years. So he was on Medicare Fee-for-Service before Medicare Advantage. I voted for the Medicare Advantage plan and was painfully reminded of it in a commercial attacking me for voting for it and the disastrous consequences of Medicare Advantage and the private healthcare market for seniors.    Now let me tell you the real world that I lived through my parents. Before Medicare Advantage, my dad was on the Medicare Fee-for-Service plan. It didn't provide what he believed was necessary coverage, so he was one of those Medigap folks. And when Medicare Advantage came around, he and my mom both have been on Medicare Advantage plans, and they love it.    So I do take issue with something you said with respect to Medicare Advantage, and that is that Medicare Advantage plans are paid more. Some are paid more, but my understanding is they're paid more because of quality bonuses that they receive, and I mentioned that Catholic plan in my district that has very high marks and have spoken to many of their beneficiaries over the years.    As you know, Medicare Fee-for-Service doesn't provide that. We as policymakers have no way of knowing the quality that Medicare Fee-for-Service provides other than seniors like my dad and my mom who speak with their feet and go to Medicare Advantage plans because of the more comprehensive nature of the services that benefit provides.    And so my frustration is at the end of the day that we're going to make a Medicare system that benefits seniors in total, that we continue to berate a system that has been wildly successful not in my eyes, but in the eyes of my mom and dad who are beneficiaries--and not just my mom and dad, but Republican and Democrat and Independent seniors all over the place.    And as I think Dr. Moffit pointed out, when opponents of trying to expand seniors' choice say ``voucher'' to think about how these awful systems are going to take place to leave seniors abandoned, I don't think that's a really good way to try to come together to figure out how we best serve patients, seniors, in a more cost-effective, value-added, comprehensive way when we know that the current system based upon CBO's recent report is heading toward the brink of redness. So let's talk about that, and I would like you to first talk about that because I believe you're sincere in what you believe, and then hear from Dr. Moffit and Dr. Baicker. Dr. Guterman.    Chairman TIBERI. Love to have your suggestions on that.    Chairman TIBERI. That's fair.    Dr. Moffit.    Chairman TIBERI. Thank you.    Dr. Baicker, any thoughts?    Chairman TIBERI. Dr. Guterman, in response.    Chairman TIBERI. Add-ons.    Chairman TIBERI. Would you agree that with the statements that have been made here including by me that a senior has difficulty in determining the quality of Medicare Fee-for-Service?    Chairman TIBERI. It's all Scully's fault.    Chairman TIBERI. So we would all agree, that transparency is desperately needed? Any other thoughts?    Chairman TIBERI. On that note, this has been wonderful. I sincerely thank all three of you for your time today and your input, and I hope that you continue to engage because, quite frankly, there aren't any more important issues than the future solvency of the Medicare program and access to good quality healthcare, not just for the current generation, but future generations as well.    So with that, please be advised that Members will have 2 weeks to submit written questions to be answered later in writing. Those questions and your answers will be made part of the formal hearing record. With that, the Subcommittee stands adjourned.