    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am very pleased we are holding this hearing today, because it is imperative that we address this looming shortage in air traffic controllers before it is too late. And I am very proud to cosponsor my friend, Mr. Curbelo's, bill that I will let him talk about more in detail, H.R. 5292, because it--but it makes a couple of commonsense changes to the air traffic control hiring process.    One provision of that bill that I want to focus on that I believe will have an immediate impact is that it will raise the maximum entry age for experienced controllers, those with a minimum of 52 weeks of experience, from 31 to 35 years of age. Importantly, it will also promote the hiring of veterans, and many in minority communities.    My question to the panel. You know, I am very frustrated by much of what has been discussed today. You look at Chicago TRACON that I fly in and out of on a regular basis. You know, the FAA can--the Chicago Center's agreed-upon number with the FAA for controller staff is, I believe, 321. As of today, there are 297 controllers at Chicago Center and it is projected by 2018 that number will be under 250. I think the implications of this controller shortage can have a tremendous impact on safety. You know, we are all here to make sure the passengers get from point A to point B safely and come back.    My question to the panel--and I will start with you, Mr. Rinaldi--is if another act of sabotage of what we saw in Chicago were to take place in the future, would there be enough resources and manpower left to keep air traffic moving and return the system to full capacity as soon as the repairs are made?    Mr. Davis. So, in your opinion, basically, the--much of the air traffic control system, if we were to see another act of sabotage like this would be much more difficult with the staffing levels that we have now to do what you did.    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you. And thanks to all your members for getting traffic back to as normal as it can be.    A common theme in today's hearing is that controller staffing problems just--they appear to be chronic. The FAA has missed its controller hiring targets in each of the last 6 years. Controller staffing has fallen nearly 10 percent since 2011. The FAA's bureaucratic structure is clearly failing us.    In February, the committee passed the Aviation Innovation, Reform, and Reauthorization Act of 2016, which would separate ATC functions from the FAA and establish an independent not-for-profit entity to provide air traffic control services, including the staffing, placement, and training of controllers.    I would like Mr. Hampton, Mr. Rinaldi, and Mr. Babbitt to respond simply yes or no if they believe we would face these longstanding controller hiring and staffing problems if ATC services were provided by an independent, nongovernmental entity.    Mr. Hampton?    Mr. Davis. Mr. Rinaldi?    Mr. Davis. Mr. Babbitt?    Mr. Davis. Thank you. Yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Davis . Mr. Nolan is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Davis. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Davis. Yes.    Mr. Davis. Mr. Curbelo is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Davis. Well, you are welcome, Mr. Curbelo. Thank you.    I would like to take some time to ask a followup real quick. Mr. Hampton, I asked you to give a simple yes or a no on whether you think the ATC reform package would affect--how it would--or would it positively affect the hiring process. Can you expand on your answer of yes?    Mr. Davis. Thank you. Mr. Cannon, the pass rate at the FAA Academy was higher than 90 percent between 2005 and 2011, but dropped significantly since the controller hiring process was revised to 79 percent in 2014 and just 65 percent in 2015. Has the FAA determined the reasons why an increasing number of its controller candidates are not making the grade?    Mr. Davis. Ms. Bristol, I apologize.    Mr. Davis. Is there any nexus between the rising failure rates and the agency's revised hiring process, specifically the requirement that applicants with no ATC experience must pass a biographical assessment?    Mr. Davis. Can you look into that matter----    Mr. Davis . And report back to the subcommittee? All right, thank you.    I now recognize Ms. Titus for 5 minutes.    Mr. Davis. Thank you. Mr. Rinaldi, I am shocked that you would think that sometimes statements get misconstrued in the media. Just shocked.    Mr. Davis. Well, we have--obviously, Dina and I have never had that happen.    Mr. Davis. Never.    Mr. Davis. Never. If there are no further questions, I would like to thank, once again, our participants for being here this morning. This has been a very informative hearing. We will continue to exercise vigorous oversight to ensure that our busiest ATC facilities are fully staffed with the most highly trained air traffic controllers in the world.    Thank you all for being here today.