    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Secretary, I wanted----    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Sure. This is my daughter, Abigail. She used to be quiet and you could just drag her anywhere. And now she just babbles, so I thank the Chair for his indulgence. Babbling that people like, right?    Okay. I wanted to bring up an issue that is not wholly your purview, but it is something I would like you to be aware of and would very much appreciate your assistance and your thoughts. So I want to get it right. Let me stick to my notes.    Fishermen in Washington State and along the West Coast have been under a challenge since about 2003 under the groundfish buyback loan. We feel that the terms of the loan are punitive and so we moved in a bipartisan fashion to change that.    And it was actually the end of last year with the NDAA passage and the President signed into law provisions that fully refinanced that loan at rates that other businesses get which we feel like is a little bit more appropriate.    The implementation of the law has been held up, though, with the Office of OMB, which we will be bringing it up as well, claiming that either the funding must come out of NOAA's budget or a new appropriation is required which Congress did not feel like that was necessary. That is why we were able to move it, quite frankly. The bill was fully offset in the NDAA, so we felt like we had provided what we needed to.    So what we are seeing is a challenge within the Administration where the money is going to come from. And the law was passed. The offset was in it. I, quite frankly, do not care whose budget it comes out of. I just would like to make sure that it is addressed and that the law is followed in conjunction with the Congress and the President's signature.    So if you have a comment, great.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Oh, great.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Great. I think that is what we would like. We would just want to make sure that it gets taken care of and that, you know, recognizing the offset was there. And it is nice to see everybody behind you, yeah. Okay. I know how that works as a former staffer.    And I brought this up with the OIG as well. The salmon hatcheries, switching issues on the Columbia River are funded through the Mitchell Act and which supports recreational and commercial fisheries in the rural communities. I am along the Columbia River and then out to the Pacific Ocean, so that is almost my entire district. They provide a lot of jobs and resources in my local area.    I was really upset to see NOAA requested a decrease of nearly $3 million to the salmon management account and those reductions actually target the Mitchell Act Hatcheries. So even under level funding, we know that the number of fish released is decreasing and the costs are going up.    Moreover, the funding needed to ensure that the hatcheries are maintained is being undermined and we are seeing the consequences of fish losses from failed equipment.    So despite all these facts, NOAA states in their budget that a document that they are able to--in their funding document, they believe they are able to meet their obligation for operation and maintenance and their obligation to meet their hatchery reform responsibilities.    But given these facts, I am not sure how NOAA is going to be able to do this, and I guess I would love comments that you have on that because this is another big one.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Absolutely. Mitchell Act funding for these hatcheries is key and so we want to make sure what we are hearing on the ground corroborates with what your NOAA staff are seeing and hearing.    My time is just about up. I just want to put this on your radar. Hatchery genetic management plans which are required under ESA, and we can go into a little bit more detail, again, I do not want to run out of time, but I am concerned about the backlog. I think I have seen over 100 are due and we do not have them. So we will bring that up with your staff as well, but those are kind of my top three.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you. Appreciate it.    With that, I yield back.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. I am sorry. That is me.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. You know, I was going to start with sea lions, but I will kind of piggyback off of the Mitchell Act, because I have asked about HGMPs as well. And you talked about level funding, but NOAA requests a decrease of $3 million in the salmon management activities account and those reductions target Mitchell Act hatcheries. So that is not level funding, that is a reduction. And even under level funding, we know that the number of fish released is decreasing as costs escalate. Moreover, the funding is needed to ensure these hatcheries are maintained.    Just this last week, an estimated 200,000 coho salmon fry died in my district at the Kalama Falls Hatchery in Cowlitz County after a generator pump failed. And I am not sure of the age of the pump, but it is very reflective of deferred maintenance action and aging infrastructure on our Mitchell Act facilities due to funding shortfalls. So 200,000 coho fry is a big deal.    And despite all this, you know, I have asked this question, I think the gentleman from Washington has also asked this question. NOAA states in their budget document they are able to meet their obligation for operation and maintenance, and that their obligation will be fulfilled with regard to hatcheries. I am really hoping this is not the beginning, but the reason we raise it is we are very, very concerned. I would expect you to ask for an increase if that is the biggest issue, but instead you are asking for a decrease.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Well, I mean, we have put obviously more money into some of the salmon recovery activities. Even before I was on the subcommittee, just on the full committee, we worked really hard with the Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund and were able to restore funding there. But we need it to be your priority as well, I guess.    Switching over, I wanted to show--this is what I got the Chairman in trouble for--I was trying to show him something that I would love to show everyone. We can pass it around, there is only a couple of us, but I wanted to make sure you saw it.    Those are sea lions and seals. That is the mouth of the Columbia River on February 15th. This goes to my ports up and down the Columbia. Between just the mouth and the Port of Portland, so that obviously does not go all the way inland, there are an estimated 7,000 sea lions and seals, and they are gorging on our salmon that we spend a lot of money, time and heartache trying to protect because it is important to us. Any kind of dock they will sit on.    A couple years ago there was about six or seven of them that had died and it was when--and I am going to lead into this--the immediate assumption in the paper was that someone had like, you know, passionate tribesmen or recreational fishers had killed them. What later we found out was they engorged themselves and they died.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Yeah, on salmon. I do not know if you have ever fished in the Columbia River, but it is really discouraging to commercial, recreational fishers when you get one on the line and only the head comes up. Or you see prehistoric sturgeon lying along the banks with one bite taken out of the middle.    I mean, it is a real problem, which is why I introduced the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act. And it allows for an increased take, lethal removal of some of these animals. At most, it would be 92 a year. You are looking at about 7,000. So we are not in any way going to harm the population.    But I guess I wanted to know if NOAA has a prediction on how big these populations have grown? Have you determined the size of the population on the Columbia River system and what it could support? And is there an adequate sea lion population size?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. I would be happy to have that. What I am most interested in, so part of the reason we had to introduce this bill, is right now the agencies do have the authority to lethally remove some of these animals and we do not feel like it is happening quickly enough. The tribes agree, the commercial and recreational fishers agree, the community agrees, and even a lot of conservationists agree that we are losing an endangered population because of what seems like an in-historic or un-historic population of sea lions, that we need your help.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. No. And we used to get amazing salmon runs. Our efforts, our recovery efforts are working. We are seeing record runs of all different types. That is why we want to continue the hatchery programs, it is all working. The spill we do over the dams, the mitigation, it is working. But now we have attracted these animals from California and they just sit there and gorge. It is a real problem.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Well, I don't know. They are talking to each other, apparently, and they are saying, hey, the Pacific Northwest is an entree for endangered salmon, come have your fill. Yeah.    So with that, I do look forward to your help on this. This is something that is not going to go away.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you.