    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Administrator McCarthy, for being here today.    I would like to go back to the line of questioning that Representative Lucas brought up, the glyphosate studies that were done, and for the benefit of those who haven't been following this and those who may be watching on television, let me just go back to review. This is a herbicide that is widely used both commercially and residentially. I've used a particular product to kill weeds. It does a very good job at it. In 1986, the EPA ruled or classified this as a group B chemical, which in layman's terms says there's no evidence that it causes concern. We are determining that there's no evidence that it does. And then in 1991, it was classified by the EPA as a group E, which says there is evidence that it does not cause cancer. So it sounds like we're finding out that this is actually a safer product than what we actually envisioned it to be.    Then there was a term, because in March of 2015 the International Agency for Research on Cancer did a study saying that it probably is carcinogenic, it probably does cause cancer, which from what it appears as it prompted the EPA to do another study, which I can understand. Somebody else says that it probably does cause cancer, then we're going to study it for ourself. But in September 16th of 2015, the Cancer Assessment Review Committee of the EPA basically countered what the international study and said it's not likely to be carcinogenic to humans.    So with that, my question to you is, did any EPA officials work on IARC's glyphosate review?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. So it was just a regular review?    Mr. Loudermilk. But here we got an international committee that says something different than what our team of scientists have determined. So--but we came up with something different. Was anyone at the EPA actually working with IARC or participating in that review?    Mr. Loudermilk. But did not--who was that?    Mr. Loudermilk. Was that Peter Egeghy?    Mr. Loudermilk. We have limited time so----    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. No one participated in the work?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. Your staff did indicate to us that Matthew Martin participated in the IARC conference but did not participate in the glyphosate review.    Mr. Loudermilk. Egeghy?    Mr. Loudermilk. And he did do some limited participation. Is that correct?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. And this was all in Lyon, France, with the 112----    Mr. Loudermilk. Can we bring up the slide? I have an email, if you could bring that slide up, and this email--obviously it was Frank is responding to--or Matt is responding to Frank, who is part of the IARC, and if you notice on the first line of the original email, it says ``First, may I repeat it was a real pleasure to meet and work with you for IARC monograph volume 112,'' which is the subject that we're talking about. And of course, the subject of the email is ``DZN and GLY'' which is indicating that glyphosate is what they're talking about. If Mr. Martin was not involved in glyphosate review, why is on the email chain with the team that was working on that?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. Can we pull up the next slide as well?    Mr. Loudermilk. In our second slide here--excuse me, let me make sure I get my proper slides up----    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, this is again an email that's to a distribution list of those who were working on the glyphosate review, and Mr. Martin is also included on this, which this happens to be a list of talking points of how to answer the questions on glyphosate. So again, my question is, if he didn't participate in the glyphosate review--here's what I'm getting at.    Mr. Loudermilk. I'm concerned that there is some interference between EPA and the IARC, and let me jump to one other----    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, Mr. Jess Rowland was the lead--he was the chair of the Cancer Assessment Review Committee that did the actual report that was contrary to what the IARC--and we would like to be very interested in interviewing Mr. Rowland but I understand that he is retired from the EPA. Do you know when he retired?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. Very quickly.    Mr. Loudermilk. Well, one of the lines in the email thanked him for his work but----    Mr. Loudermilk. --let me move forward because I'm really interested in Mr. Rowland and his retirement.    Mr. Loudermilk. Does his retirement have anything to do with the controversy over the CARC report?    Mr. Loudermilk. Have you investigated whether or not these circumstances are linked? It's just interesting, right after this report comes out that is contrary to what the international agency has determined that--now--and I have the report here if we can bring it up. It is stamped as a final report----    Mr. Loudermilk. --which--well, it actually says ``final report,'' not memo on the page, which indicates to me this is final, it's done, but you can understand the concern we have here is that it's a final report but maybe it didn't turn out the way that you anticipated it would so now we need to study it a little bit more.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.