    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Merriweather, like my colleagues, I also want to applaud you for appearing here today and sharing your very inspirational story. I can tell you for the five years I have been on this committee, that is the most moving testimony I have heard, so thank you for being here.    My state, Nevada, just passed education savings account legislation last year in 2015, and it was just rolled out just this last month in January. In that legislation, 96 percent of the students statewide would be eligible, special needs and families with incomes up to 100 percent of the free and reduced lunch program standard would be able to receive 100 percent of the basic support for pupils, others would be eligible to get 90 percent of that basic support, tuition, home schooling, tutoring, educational materials and so on.    In a recent poll, 61 percent of those parents in Nevada said they support that program, 21 percent were opposed. Of the 61 percent that were pro, 60 percent were union households, 71 percent were Hispanic households.    The program has been called the first universal ESSA program nationwide by the Friedman Foundation, and in supporting the program, our Governor, Brian Sandoval, stated he believes fixing Nevada's perpetually underperforming education system must include more resources for public schools, and he and our legislature actually increased public school funding in the last session, and quote ``As well as robust options for school choice.'' End quote.    Even with that overwhelming support, as we expected, a court case has been filed challenging the new program.    Mr. Robinson, in your written testimony, you offer several suggestions for congressional action, and you mentioned the possibility of a Government Accountability Office study about how federal funding rules prevent states, and you specifically mentioned Nevada, from using federal education funding to support the SEAs.    Do you have an opinion on how those federal rules could hamper those efforts?    Mr. Heck. I appreciate that. As you mentioned again, being the first universal ESSA program, could you explain what makes Nevada's program universal versus some of the other ESSA programs that are out there around the country?    Mr. Heck. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.