    Mr. Konyndyk. Thank you, Chairwoman Granger, and thank you, Ranking Member Lowey, and members of the subcommittee for the opportunity to update you today on the ongoing U.S. Response to the Ebola epidemic in West Africa.    And thank you, in particular, Ms. Granger, for your recognition of the brave healthcare workers who have really been the central backbone of this entire effort and whose work has been indispensable.    I also want to thank you for this subcommittee's leadership in passing the 2015 emergency funding for Ebola. That support has allowed the U.S. to rapidly scale up a massive response to this outbreak, which has so far infected more than 22,000 people and killed more than 9,000 of them.    I lead the Office of U.S. Foreign Disaster Assistance at the U.S. Agency for International Development. OFDA is the lead Federal coordinator for overseas disasters. And our Disaster Assistance Response Team, or DART, platform is, in the words of President Obama, the strategic and operational backbone of America's response to the Ebola outbreak.    With staff deployed across the region, the DART team is facilitating a complex pipeline of expertise, funding, and supplies that has been crucial to the effective regional response. The DART simultaneously strengthens the broader international effort, coordinates the unique capabilities of our interagency partners like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Department of Defense, and the U.S. Public Health Service, and delivers vast amounts of direct assistance. This gives the U.S. the unique and singular capability to project leadership and drive a comprehensive regional strategy to control and ultimately extinguish this outbreak.    On August 4, we deployed a USAID Disaster Assistance Response Team to the region, and a few weeks later, I traveled to Liberia with Dr. Tom Frieden of the CDC to observe the crisis firsthand. What we saw on that trip was shocking. Transmission rates were far outstripping the small containment capacity that existed. And the international response was hobbled by a lack of resources, personnel, and expertise. Treatment centers we visited in the capital were turning away patients. Infectious bodies lay in the streets uncollected. Lab capacity was minimal. And protective gear for responders was in short supply. To be blunt, at that time, we were losing to the disease. It was clear that only a massive, unprecedented international response with strong U.S. leadership would be able to stem this outbreak.    Working closely with experts from the CDC and in support of the governments of the affected countries, the U.S. Government developed a holistic strategy to contain and ultimately defeat this outbreak. Through the DART platform, we called on DOD to bring speed and scale to the effort, building treatment centers, training medical staff, expanding laboratory testing capacity, and supporting logistics. We brought in the U.S. Public Health Service through the DART to operate the DOD-built Monrovia Medical Unit, which addressed a critical constraint to the response by assuring responders that they would have high-quality care available to them should they become infected.    And we mobilized and financed an enormous scale-up of NGO and U.N. Agency partner capacity, to manage treatment centers, operate burial teams across Liberia, and launch massive social mobilization and messaging efforts that have reached millions of people while also providing coordination and logistic support.    And our effort is not limited to Liberia. In Sierra Leone and Guinea, while we have not played the same lead role that we are playing in Liberia, the U.S. has supported similar lines of programming in complement to the efforts of the U.K., France, and other international partners.    This effort has had an immediate impact. I returned to Liberia in October and found that, while still tenuous, the situation was already vastly improved. The scale-up of safe burials and social mobilization had attacked major drivers of transmission, and the additional case management capacity that we were bringing online was addressing critical shortages and treatment beds.    By late October, the outbreak in Liberia had crested, and transmissions, while still worryingly high, had begun to decline. The trajectory in Guinea and Sierra Leone was following suit by the end of the year. As case rates have declined, we have shifted our goal accordingly from breaking exponential growth to getting the overall caseload down to zero. We have scaled back the size and number of planned U.S.-built treatment centers while continuing to ensure geographic coverage and access to safe treatment across all of Liberia's counties. We are maintaining surveillance and community outreach efforts and adding greater emphasis on targeted subnational interventions to hunt down every case and ensure rapid and robust response to new hotspots.    The U.S. has by now mobilized well over 10,000 USAID-supported humanitarian partner staff across the region and provided over $939 million in assistance. This is the largest U.S. response to a global health emergency in history. And we are seeing remarkable progress.    But the fight is far from over. We know, based on previous outbreaks, that it can be a long and bumpy road to get to zero. USAID strategy will continue to adapt along with conditions on the ground. And we will continue to chase down the last chains of transmission across the region until all affected countries have been declared Ebola-free. Thank you, and I look forward to answering questions.    Mr. Konyndyk. I don't have a great deal to add to what Ambassador Browning said. I would just note that the focus on interagency coordination has been a core part of USAID's mandate and focus for many years and something that we have invested further in, particularly since the Haiti response in 2010. And so what we have seen in this response, I think, is a proof of concept of some of the investments we have made since Haiti in being able to identify and organize and coordinate, as Ambassador Browning put it, the respective comparative advantages of different agencies.    I think the other thing that has been critical is the excellent collaboration between our teams on the ground. The USAID and CDC personnel, in particular, worked very closely together.    With respect to DOD, that is also an area where USAID has invested a lot of effort over the years in defining systems and interoperability between our different machines, if you will, and we have seen the real payoff here.    Mr. Konyndyk. As Ambassador Browning said and as Director-General Chan has acknowledged several times, WHO's initial response had a lot of problems. However, what was particularly notable when I traveled out there in August was the vast improvement we saw in their performance once they got their emergency team involved. So their emergency team, while small and traditionally underresourced, brought some really important capabilities and some very, very strong personnel to the effort. And they rapidly got an additional ETU online in Monrovia in September and have brought value in various other ways as well, and we have supported them, as Ambassador Browning said, where we have seen them adding specific operational value.    I think the challenge for the WHO and what we are trying to push from the USAID side through some of these WHO reforms is to take those valuable contributions and figure out how to better institutionalize those within WHO. And if they can achieve that--and we think they can--then that will be a huge contribution.    Mr. Konyndyk. So for USAID, we are obviously focused internationally. So I don't have so much of an opinion on the domestic piece. But, you know, one thing that does, I think, touch on the domestic piece is the importance of being able to quickly mobilize U.S. healthcare personnel for something like this and what that entails, and so that has been things like State's great work on getting a medevac system up and running and as well as working with our partners to develop systems for how they can identify and deploy these medical staff quickly.    Previously, a lot of our partners had trauma staff who could deploy on short notice, but they didn't have staff on call or volunteers on call who were trained and able to go and do something like this. So having more of a standing capability and a reserve pool of U.S. healthcare workers who can respond in this kind of a situation is something that we have definitely taken away as a lesson.    Mr. Konyndyk. Absolutely.    Mr. Konyndyk. Absolutely, and we have worked quite closely with the private sector on ensuring that there has been a constant supply of enough personal protective equipment.    Mr. Konyndyk. This was absolutely the right call, yes. What the military brings is an unprecedented operational speed and scale that really no one else can match. And that is what they brought here.    To the question in some of the reports about the timing of these centers being built and coming online they are complex, difficult things to build. And Liberia, and particularly rural areas of Liberia where the military was doing the construction, is just extremely logistically challenging. I do not believe anyone could have done it any faster than our military.    On the question of empty facilities, there are some of them that are not seeing many patients, and that is, in our view, a very good thing. And the reason for that is, you know, when we started this, we were trying everything that we thought might work. And we have adapted and adjusted that over time as we have seen what has delivered. And to our great relief, some of these things that did come online very quickly, things like burial teams, had an impact that was greater than what we expected at the time. And so we scaled down the size of these centers as they were being built. We scaled down the size that they have opened at--they were originally going to open with 100 beds apiece. Most of them now are opening only with 10 or 20 beds apiece because that is the level of demand we expect to see.    In terms of whether we are pulling the military out too early, the military went there to do a few specific things: Logistics, that has largely been handed over. The resupply of the treatment facilities was handed over to the United Nations successfully in December. The construction is now completed. The training piece is now completed. The Monrovia Medical Unit was completed. And their support to that is being transitioned to a USAID contractor. And their laboratories are being scaled back but will remain under a different DOD program under this new iteration. So we feel very confident that all those main lines of effort are being effectively transitioned and will not leave gaps.    Mr. Konyndyk. So, just briefly, for the response piece, which is about $1.2 billion of that, as you noted we are right now ahead of where we thought we would be when we put the budget together. There are a lot of twists and turns that could yet arise. So if we were to see it reemerge in a neighboring country like Mali or Ivory Coast, that could scramble things quite considerably. So I think on the trajectory that we seem to currently be on, then I think we are on track to probably underspend what we thought.    Mr. Konyndyk. Absolutely.    Mr. Konyndyk. And Dirk will speak to that. What I would say, based on what we have seen, where we have seen rapid turnaround, it is not a single factor. It is when several critical factors are all working in tandem. So having safe burial teams without significant behavior change doesn't work. Having behavior change without treatment to refer people to doesn't work. So when you have that sort of virtuous combination of safe burial practices and capacity, social mobilization that drives popular behavior change, and adequate treatment capacity, that people can then refer to, when you have those things working in tandem, that is when we have seen----    Mr. Konyndyk. Sorry. Social mobilization is basically a variety of actions you take to change how a population behaves on a particular thing. So it is radio programs, house-to-house communication, and education, a range of things.    Mr. Konyndyk. Yes. With a lot of programming to support that as well. But in Liberia, certainly the ferocity and the speed with which it broke out drove a lot of behavior change as well.    Dirk, do you want to talk about the study?    Mr. Konyndyk. I think those are all really important concerns, and I talk regularly with Bruce, and I will see him in Geneva next week. The biggest challenge now is ensuring that we avoid complacency and continue to have a very intense focus on driving to zero. In terms of whether there are enough resources, there are certainly enough financial resources. And with the network that has been built up now across the three countries, we are confident as well that that there are enough human and medical and logistical resources as well to get this done. The rainy season will complicate things. We have a few months before that hits, and I think we will see significant further progress until then. I am not overly concerned by the recent uptick in the last couple of weeks. I think that is part of a natural progression. And that is pretty typical of what we have seen in past responses, that you don't just have a smooth, straight, sustained curve. You see some bumpy ups and downs. The important aspect is that we have a very nimble structure that now has been built so if we need to focus a rapid response team on a particular area, we can get them on a helicopter and get them out there quickly, and we do that regularly. So I think the structure we have in place can get the job done.    To the point on contact tracing, contact lists, that is a concern. That is one of the most challenging things because a case, for example, in Monrovia just earlier this week, there were a few new cases found. One of them was on the contact list. Two of them weren't because the way that they were exposed was they helped carry a woman who they didn't know was infected at the time back to her house. So it is very difficult to get someone like that on a contact list. That is just a long, hard slog. We have a long, hard slog, but I think we have the resources in place to get the job done.    Ambassador Browning. I would just add that going from hundreds of cases to tens of cases is difficult. Going from tens of cases to one case is much, much more difficult. So it will get harder and more laborious as we get closer to zero. We just have to keep that in mind.    Mr. Konyndyk. I want to just call out in particular that suit that Johns Hopkins designed. It is an amazing design. It has yet to be fully field tested and all of that. It remains a prototype, so we will see how it does once it is rolled out in the field. But one of the biggest constraints that the Ebola treatment units face is the management and use of personal protective equipment. These suits are incredibly uncomfortable to wear. They are incredibly hot. When I was out there, I talked with personnel who have to work in these every day, and they talked at the end of a 1-hour shift--and they can only work for an hour in these suits before it becomes too overwhelming--their boots, their rubber boots are literally filled with sweat. I mean, they pour the sweat out of their boots. So having a better suit that is more comfortable and feasible to work in will improve patient care.    It also will improve the safety of the workers themselves. One of the highest risks of exposure is when you are taking off your PPE. So having a safer way to take off PPE will greatly reduce the risks to healthcare workers who are working on those front lines. So this kind of innovation, again, still has to be tested. We will see how it works. I am sure there will be further tweaks, but it is a really important contribution.    Mr. Konyndyk. I will say a couple words on how the response piece plays into that and then hand over to Dirk to talk about some of the longer-term efforts. It is a huge priority. As you know, Ebola has killed a lot of people, but malaria and maternal-child health challenges and other things kill far more people over time in these regions. So getting those services back online is absolutely critical. It is as critical as ending this.    That is one of the reasons why even though some of these Ebola treatment units are not seeing a lot of patients, it is important to keep them open and keep them operating because it provides a safety net in that area and that community to enable those other systems to come online. And our teams have been telling us that healthcare workers in the normal health facilities feel a lot more confident going back to their jobs if they know they have a safe place where they can refer people who are suspect Ebola cases. And so that is one of the reasons why we are keeping those open, even if they are seeing very few patients. It is a critical piece of that.