    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Cordray, the CFPB ombudsman recently released their 2015 annual report to the Director. In the report it reviewed the Consumer Complaint Database on page 28. The recommendation was made to improve the process of how difficult the complaints in the database can be identified, including a recommendation that to remove the requirement, it must be verbatim to be deemed duplicative.    Mr. Cordray, do you recognize the grave concern that this is to these companies who are stigmatized through it? They are regarded--this is regarded really as unfair attribution. Do you see the impact this is having, and particularly that there is not investigation to determine that these--to verify these complaints before they go to the website?    What does the department plan to do and the Bureau plan to do to correct this?    Mr. Pittenger. Is that study available for review?    Mr. Pittenger. But do you agree--    Mr. Pittenger. --that they shouldn't have to be verbatim to be deemed as being the same complaint? They don't have to be verbatim.    Mr. Pittenger. Okay . Thank you.    Mr. Pittenger. I appreciate that.    Mr. Pittenger. Would each of you provide the committee with any FSOC documents containing or relating to communications between the Financial Stability Board and FSOC? And each body members or staff concerning the designation non-bank financial companies, are there systemically important financial institutions or as global SIFIs? Is that acceptable to each of you all?    Mr. Pittenger. Go ahead, Chair White.    Mr. Pittenger. Isn't the basis here one of transparency? I think we have recognized today the lack of adequate transparency with the agencies. And we are looking to find ways to rectify that.    Let's have a show of hands then, if you would, regarding your belief that FSOC's deliberations should be more open to the public scrutiny than in current practice. Would you all agree to that, then? Do you believe that there should be more openness?    Mr. Pittenger. Do you think there is a basis to be more open?    Mr. Pittenger. In light of what has been discussed today? Let me tell you what I have in mind.    Clearly, we believe that transparency is vital in our government. And I will be introducing a bill later on today that will provide a greater measure of transparency. Here are the two elements of this bill.    The first is to testify semiannually, each of you, before the House Financial Services Committee and the Senate Banking Committee. And you cannot decline the requirement. It would be mandatory. Or permit all members of the Financial Services Committee and the Senate Banking Committee to attend all FSOC meetings, whether or not they are open to the public.    Would you agree that would be acceptable? Do you have any problem with any of those?    Mr. Pittenger. But do you think that is reasonable?    Mr. Pittenger. Chair White, do you think it is reasonable?    Mr. Pittenger. Would you say--testify semiannually, or allow us to come to the hearings?    Mr. Pittenger. It is designed for openness and transparency.    Mr. Pittenger. That is what it is designed for. Thank you.