    Mr. RICE. Gentlemen, thank you so much for being here today. I heard directed stated or allusions to the fact in all of your testimony that small businesses are the backbone of the economy and the backbone of job creation in this country; right? Pretty much everybody agrees with that.    Beginning in 2009, for the first time since it has been recorded, more American businesses are closing than are opening. Do you think this outdated and burdensome tax code has anything to do with that, Mr. Mihm?    Mr. RICE. Okay. Well, do you think overburdening government regulation, do you think that has anything to do with it?    Mr. RICE. Do you think the complexity of our tax code creates a barrier to formation of small business?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Williamson, for the first time, beginning in 2009 and continuing through today for the first time more American businesses are closing than forming. Do you think our complicated tax code has anything to do with that?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Lewis, do you think--same question to you. Do you agree our tax code is a burden to formation of small business and to continuing small business?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Lewis, it is not that I do not want to hear; I do want to hear, but I only have five minutes left to keep going.    Mr. RICE. Mr. Vitale, I am going to shift questions on you.    Since 2010, notably the date that Dodd-Frank was enacted, bank formations have slipped from an average of 100 per year to three per year. Do you think that will have any effect on small business given that new banks are typically small banks and they are typically the ones who lend to small business?    Mr. RICE. But the really small businesses, those alternative markets are not really available to them, are they?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Mankowski, do you think that the slippage of an average of 100 bank formations to three, which these new banks are typically the lenders to new banks, do you think that will have an effect--to small businesses, excuse me--do you think that will have an effect on business formation?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Mankowski, you were talking a minute ago, just when I was speaking in my first five minutes, I was talking about maybe some of the reasons why for the first time in American history we are seeing business dissolutions outpace business formation. And you said earlier that the IRS has had to implement Obamacare in the last two years and we did not give them any more resources to do that. Has not small business had to implement Obamacare in the last two years, too?    Mr. RICE. Okay, they did have to implement, too.    Mr. RICE. Did we give them any additional resources to do that with?    Mr. RICE. Could that have something to do with the slowdown in formation of small businesses?    Mr. RICE. Okay. The tax code, I was a tax lawyer and a CPA for 25 years. This stuff is fun to me. The tax code was designed 50-60 years ago and it was competitive at the time. Does anybody up there believe that our tax code remains competitive in the world?    Mr. RICE. Okay. I have got to keep going.    Do you think our tax code is competitive for American--does our tax code make American business more or less competitive? More or less?    Mr. RICE. Do you agree with that across the board?    Mr. RICE. Thank you.    Do you think that that has something to do with the decline in business formation in America? Mr. Mankowski? And I have to ask an answer quick.    Mr. RICE. Okay.    Next question. Did each of you have the chance--I assume all of you had the chance to review Dave Camp's tax reform proposal last year. I want to know just a one-word answer from you all, would that make the United States Tax Code more or less competitive in the world.    Mr. Mihm?    Mr. RICE. You do not think it would be preferable to what we have now?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Williamson?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Lewis?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Vitale?    Mr. RICE. And Mr. Mankowski?    Mr. RICE. Okay. And that came out of the House Ways and Means Committee.    Mr. Mihm, have you had a chance to review the president's tax reform proposal?    Mr. RICE. Have you seen it, Mr. Williamson? Have you gone through it?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Lewis?    Mr. RICE. Have you seen the whole package put together?    Mr. RICE. I have not either. I do not think there is one.    Mr. RICE. My point in this is I do not think the president has made a specific proposal. I think Dave Kamp and the House Ways and Means Committee made one. I do not think the president has put one forward. And if we are going to get tax reform done, we have got to have leadership. And when you look at these things that I have been talking about, between the imposition of Obamacare, between Dodd-Frank, ancient tax code, you can understand, if you look at the statistics on the decline in formation of small businesses, you can understand why this is happening, just to put a perspective on it.    Thank you very much.