    Ms. Clarke. Good morning, Chairman Burgess and members of this morning's panel. Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing on 3D printing.    For many of us, when we think of 3D printing, we think of plastic toys, key chains, and other trinkets, but 3D printing is about more than just the novelty of printing in plastic. This technology has many applications that we are only starting to explore.    3D printers enable small-scale personalized production that gives consumers more choice and convenience. Consumers can order affordable custom-printed items, from cell phone cases to shoes and prescription eyewear.    3D printers help product designers by allowing them to print prototypes more easily. Manufacturers can print replacement parts on demand. Prosthetics can make customized to make people who have lost a limb more comfortable. And recently, a 3D-printed vertebra, as our chairman has indicated, was implanted into a child with bone cancer.    While today we are mostly printing in plastic and metal, 3D bioprinting opens a whole new world of possibilities in the medical field. Doctors may one day be able to grow needed organs for transplants or skin for prosthetic limbs or skin grafts.    The future potential of this technology is one more reason why we need to increase our Federal investments in research and innovation.    But as we think about the tremendous potential of 3D printing, we also need to consider possible risks and challenges. Here are some of the questions on my mind. How should we protect consumers when the consumer doesn't buy the product but rather the blueprint to make a product? How does 3D printing work with our existing laws on intellectual property? And what should people be able to make with 3D printers?    I am especially concerned about 3D-printed weapons. Think about this: If someone has access to a 3D printer, all they need is the right blueprint. When the gun buyer is now the gun manufacturer, who does the background check? Who is responsible for keeping weapons out of the wrong hands? This isn't theoretical. The first 3D-printed gun was made 3 years ago.    An all-plastic gun would be a violation of the Undetectable Firearms Act, but a law banning the manufacture of nonmetal guns only goes far when a plastic firearm can be made at home. And we may not be far from seeing metal guns being printed at home.    Those who design blueprints for 3D printing and provide 3D printing capability must take responsibility to ensure that their business does not endanger other lives, and we in Congress need to make sure that our laws are up to date with today's technology.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses on the potential for 3D printing as well as your perspectives on how we deal with some of these challenges.    Having said that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Ms. Clarke. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank our panelists today. Very stimulating conversation. It is great to hear all of the innovation that is taking place, and the sky is the limit as far as I see it.    I would like to focus on access for underrepresented communities. This has been one of the focus issues that are especially important to me, using the emerging 3D printing industry as a unique means of empowering and including entrepreneurs from underserved and minority communities, because startups costs are lower, flexible, customization is easier, 3D printers offer advantages and opportunities to small businesses and new entrepreneurs entering the market.    Still, huge diversity gaps remain in the technology manufacturing space. So to harness the true potential of 3D printing, I think it is important to commit to eliminating obstacles to sort of equitable and to promoting initiatives that I believe could close this gap.    You, Mr. Orringer, spoke about a relationship that was established with Penn State. I want to drill down a little bit and talk about perhaps colleges and universities in the HBCU system and the HSI system and community colleges.    And then, Mr. Amling, you spoke to the small business advantage as well.    So, Mr. Morris, my first question goes to you. What kind of outreach does America Makes do to communities that are underrepresented in the tech world, including minority, low-income, and disabled workers?    Ms. Clarke. Can you speak to some of the common challenges that entrepreneurs from underrepresented communities may face when beginning to incorporate 3D printing into their own small businesses?    Ms. Clarke. Very well.    Mr. Orringer, I saw you nodding a bit there and smiling. Do you want to share your thoughts?