    Ms. Rice. you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to follow up on a question that Mr. Takano actually asked Mr. Gehrke. I want to ask it of Mr. Borer.    What are your concerns about how H.R. 1994 would affect VA whistleblowers?    Ms. Rice. Mr. Borer, I am going to direct this question to you, but also would like everyone on the panel to answer it if you do have an answer.    One of the things that in the short time that I have been here that I have recognized is that without a profound culture shift within the VA we are going to continue to have panels of people that are going to talk about problems over and over and over again. And whenever I have put that question to higher-ups in the VA there really has been no sufficient answer as to how you really implement a culture shift. Because that has to take place, and I think that comes from the top down.    You gentlemen all seem to me to be qualified enough to maybe give some suggestions. And I will just start with you, Mr. Borer, then anyone else who wants to add.    Ms. Rice. I think you have hit the nail on the head, because if you can't show accountability there can be no culture shift.    Ms. Rice. Thank you, gentlemen.    Ms. Rice. Thank you, gentlemen.    I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to focus on two of the bills, 356 and 1994. They are opposed by the VA.    And, Mr. Coy, I would like to ask you, as to Congressman Maloney's bill, H.R. 356, can you explain why an analysis of workload management challenges at the VA's regional offices is unnecessary?    Ms. Rice. Why can't you just take a recommendation like this and say, you know what, maybe someone else has a good idea too? And maybe all of the things that you just mentioned have nothing to do with the outcome of an analysis of workload management challenges.    Ms. Rice. Then why not just do it?    Ms. Rice. I just was specifically asking about this one. I wasn't sure I understood the reason for the opposition.    So, going to the VA's opposition to H.R. 1994, I guess I am going to ask you two things: What is the basis of your opposition to 1994? And can you tell this committee what the VA is doing in the absence of 1994 and what it would allow for to hold negligent employees accountable to their actions? Because we know that there is no accountability, at this point.    Ms. Rice. And I understand that. That makes sense. But you are putting that concern over the concern of whistleblowers, who are actually suffering probably more than someone who could be fired on the spot. And that really is at the heart of this, that retaliators are being protected more than whistleblowers are.    And this is the optic issue that I have with the VA: that you don't seem to understand how bad what you just say sounds, that you defend bad actors over whistleblowers.    Ms. Rice. My time is up. And I appreciate your answer. My point is the culture is not going to change----    Ms. Rice . And there will never be effective administration, holding people accountable, until people are actually held accountable.    Thank you----    Ms. Rice. Thank you so much.    And I appreciate the time, Mr. Chairman.