    Mr.  Larkin. Good morning, Chairman Fitzpatrick, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the task force. I appear today as a former FBI Unit Chief and the founder of the National Cyber Forensics and Training Alliance, better known as the NCFTA. Thank you for the opportunity to share some personal experiences I have had in my 24-plus years with the FBI in developing models of better cyber threat collaboration between the public and private sectors. I understand the task force is interested in functional models that might foster additional public-private partnerships to assist in the fight against international money laundering and terrorist financing. I believe the NCFTA serves as an excellent model for such collaboration.    Successful public-private collaborations are essential in combatting cyber threats. The vast majority of computer networks belong to the private sector. And, as a result, most of the intelligence on those threats resides with the private sector as well. Effective public-private collaboration also depends on trust amongst the parties, which has to be earned, as well as strong privacy protections and transparency to ensure the trust of the public.    The genesis of the successful NCFTA model actually began in the 1990s after I was reassigned from FBI headquarters to the Pittsburgh division of the FBI. In the late 1990s, it was apparent that business was rapidly moving to the Internet and, not surprisingly, so were the criminals. FBI Pittsburgh had a long history of working multiagency task forces to address a variety of criminal activity. And at this time, the idea was developed to launch a new, high-tech, cyber task force. I initially gained support of the law enforcement community for this task force and also suggested that we include representatives from the CERT Coordination Center, which was established in the 1980s at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. Representatives from that organization at that time had become experts in cyber threats. And they were essentially in our backyard.    Ultimately, the relationship between law enforcement and the CERT Coordination Center would prove instrumental to the formation of the NCFTA. But first, we had to overcome some reluctance on the part of CERT Coordination Center members to work with the FBI and other law enforcement. This was largely due to the concerns that information shared with law enforcement regarding potential vulnerabilities might become public. To overcome these concerns, I suggested that we detail an FBI cyber agent to the CERT Coordination Center to essentially serve as a fly on the wall and to offer support for the CERT Coordination Center and their clients. This program demonstrated that the FBI could actually work with the CERT Coordination Center members and help them more fully understand the scope of the threats they are facing and that the CERT team and its clients could actually work cooperatively work with the FBI without negative consequences. This immersion program also encouraged individuals to get to know each other, gain a better understanding of resources that might be shared, and to collaborate.    This environment helped to develop trusted relationships among participants and became an early principle of the NCFTA model. This early success of this immersion program led to a focus group meeting in 1988 with approximately 30 cross-sector organizations that came together to consider embedding resources in a common location in their common fight against international cyber threats. Out of this focus group, a White Paper was developed which summarized the core objectives of a new public-private alliance which eventually became the NCFTA.    These objectives include the continuation of a neutral, meet-in-the-middle environment to foster public-private collaboration, including the sharing of knowledge and expertise among public and private subject matter experts; the identification of joint initiative based primarily on a consensus view of the private sector on priority threats; use of nondisclosure agreements among parties to protect confidential and proprietary information; and training programs to help ensure common understanding of permissible private sector involvement in information sharing, as well as best practices for identifying and combatting cyber threats.    As a result of these efforts and the work of numerous individuals, the NCFTA was officially incorporated in 2002 as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit. Since that time, numerous investigative initiatives have been developed through the NCFTA with cross-sector partners spawning hundreds of investigations, both domestically and foreign. A common thread through many of these investigations has been international organized crime, money laundering, and, in some cases, ties to terrorist financing.    Today, numerous private sector organizations imbed resources at the NCFTA, alongside a growing pool of domestic and international law enforcement. Hundreds of additional subject matter experts connect to the NCFTA through various realtime communications channels.    So, what are some of the key takeaways from the NCFTA both in combatting cybercrime and considering future public-private partnerships? Significant global threats may initially manifest themselves only to the private sector. Their true significance and scope, however, may not be realized until those dots are fully connected through resources like those at the NCFTA. Cybercriminals will enlist many different and creative schemes to generate funds. And efforts to respond must also continue to evolve with the same or more advanced creativity.    The NCFTA leverages existing resources in giving them a better environment in which to perform. From this perspective, it is a very efficient workforce multiplier. Relationships are vital to making the collaboration work. And they can be fragile. Making it personal, knowing your partner's perspectives and needs is essential. And the human capital development aspects of the NCFTA are substantial. Thank you again for the opportunity to address the task force. I am pleased to respond to any questions at the appropriate time.    Mr.  Larkin. Thank you. Primarily, the NCFTA leverages, as I mentioned, existing cross-sector resources. And I think, as pointed out by Dr. Shelley and some others, the information that is out there available to us that possibly will identify early warning signs of terrorist financing or other significant activity might manifest itself in a number of different ways, across a number of different sectors. The NCFTA allows for those cross-sector groups to come together and have a more active discussion on what they are seeing that is relevant on that radar screen.    Also, the NCFTA has become sort of a unique workforce development entity. They actually bring in three cycles of grad students every year to train alongside industry and law enforcement and to become better cyber analysts for all of us to leverage. So that has become a phenomenal human capital development project. Actually, as well, it has become an unprecedented coordination deconfliction entity with domestic and international law enforcement working very actively together in this environment where they don't typically do that in other settings.    Mr.  Larkin. One of the existing inhibitors that is still out there today is clarity on what are the safe harbor provisions. Within the financial services industry, I think there are clearer safe harbor provisions within PATRIOT Act 314(b) and obviously the SARs, safe harbor. But the reality is that the stakeholder community that actually has the information and that needs to share is much broader than financial services. So some of the early warning signs will manifest within telecommunications, and some will be in retail, merchant, e-commerce, and other areas where there is a hesitation to share information because they don't truly feel there is a clear safe harbor that protects those organizations from doing so.    Mr.  Larkin. I have to say that being almost 5 years removed from the FBI, I don't have enough detail on what you are talking about to actually speak to it. So, I apologize.    Mr.  Larkin. I apologize, I don't have the background or expertise to answer that.    Mr.  Larkin. That is being considered. I know that the FBI and other agencies are considering how this model is working today and whether or not it can be replicated in other regions. But one of the prime considerations in doing that is to ensure that it is a complimentary project and not something that is viewed as competing.    Mr.  Larkin. Not that I am aware of. I think it is just attending to the fundamental premises that the NCFTA holds and to make sure that, again, those succeeding models are set up in a way that they are complementary and coordinated with the current one.    Mr.  Larkin. Thank you for the question. I think the model that the NCFTA presents is one that has been given a lot of thought in setting up the policies and procedures for how information is shared and how those relationships are developed. I think, as I mentioned earlier, the incentives, or I guess the confusion around how information can and should be shared and when largely comes from a misunderstanding on what the safe harbors are, what the appropriate sharing of information can be. I think the FBI and other agencies have gotten better about sharing information back with industry, and I think they have learned over the years that there are a lot of good things that come from that; when you arm industry with more specifics about what the threat looks like from your side, they can actually go find more information and bring it to you in a more timely and more effective manner.    Mr.  Larkin. If I can speak to that?    Mr.  Larkin. I can say from my experience it is largely cultural. And I can say from what we have witnessed in developing the NCFTA and getting the agencies to come together that previously hadn't and a lot of cross-sector organizations to, it has never been a technology challenge. It has been a cultural mindset challenge. It has been a lack of incentive to come together as opposed to just saying, what is the right thing to do? So I think that is getting better than it used to be, but I don't think technology been a significant issue in that regard.    Mr.  Larkin. Can I make a quick comment, too? Actually, one of the initiatives that I mentioned as developed out of the NCFTA with significant input from the industry, one of those initiatives is an international auto auction and sale and fraud initiative that has been going on for quite a number of years with significant international organized crime and money laundering. It is a great example of how law enforcement and industry can come together to better identify how these threats look at the earliest stages and empower industry with more constructive knowledge about what money is going through their hands that is bad money.    Mr.  Larkin. I agree. And part of my written and oral testimony was intended to say that we have to be careful about defining the threat too quickly and not backing off in looking at the whole landscape because, as pointed out by my colleagues, they are going to generate funds through any means possible.    Mr.  Larkin. Right. And I think there can be more. It has gotten better, but I think there can be more information coming back from law enforcement as to what they found that the true terrorism groups are doing.    Mr.  Larkin. Right. It's getting better, but there is still a lot of room for improvement.    Mr.  Larkin. Thank you.    Mr.  Larkin. Thanks for the question. I can speak from my view of what we do and what we have done at the NCFTA in working with the technology experts out there. One of the regular discussions that occurs is, what is the implication of this new product or service that is out there, this new app, what are the impacts that we are going to see, and what are the things that we can potentially do to help be more proactive about the intelligence or the capabilities that can be brought together? I don't know the specific details of how that app works. But that is a good example of how the resources that come together at the NCFTA literally brainstorm on those things every day. And it is an environment that you can do that where you really couldn't do that in government space or probably had difficulty doing it in individual corporate space. But you can in a sort of a meet-in-the-middle neutral environment where that kind of conversation is a regular part what is discussed. I think there is good opportunities. The implications--I can't speak to the specifics of what those are if we don't do that. But I can tell you that I think we are moving in the right direction.    Mr.  Larkin. Okay. Thanks for the question. In my experience, in developing the NCFTA in particular, we have learned that sensitive information regarding personally identifiable information (PII) is often not needed. So anything that can be done to strip out PII from that information that we are trying to share is typically something that is not part of what we recommend sharing. It is the threat data. So if we can get people to understand that the inbound threat, how it looks coming at the company or coming at the person is specific to the threat actor and specific to the device they are using or the technique they are using or the malware they are using, that is the valuable information that we want to share, as well as where the exfiltration is headed, whether it is data or funds or other things that are going to be monetized. So the inbound and the outbound side of the information sharing are the critical pieces. If there are ways to strip off the PII in the middle and then move towards creating sort of a broader safe harbor for information sharing among cross-sector stakeholders, I think that is a worthwhile conversation to have.