    Dr. Yehia. Thank you.    Good morning Chairman Benishek and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today regarding the department's plan to consolidate community care programs, specifically on our efforts to improve billing and reimbursement.    I am accompanied today by Gene Migliaccio who is our Deputy Chief Business Officer for Purchased Care.    And I would like to take a moment, and look forward to the discussions from some of the other panelists and their experiences, and be able to talk a little bit about some of the improvements we are doing to address those.    To start, community providers are critical to VA's ability to deliver timely and quality care to veterans. As a clinician, I personally understand the importance of these partnerships and often jointly care for veterans with community providers.    To strengthen and grow these important relationships, VA recognizes a need to pay claims accurately and timely. For many providers, late payments have a major impact on the practice, and may cause some not to care for our veterans. We know this is unacceptable, and it is particularly problematic in rural areas where the number of providers is limited. Late payments may also negatively impact our veterans by creating unnecessary financial hardships. That is why in our plan to consolidate community care programs, we are keenly focused on improving how we interact with community providers including payment.    I want to provide the Subcommittee with an update on our progress since the June 3rd hearing related to claims processing and prompt payment.    In the last eight months, we have focused our efforts on improving people, process, and technology. So first, related to people, we filled 220 vacancies in 57 days and that is 33 days faster than our 90-day goal. We also provided and implemented productivity and quality standards.    Second related to process, we have implemented real-time monitoring of claims to ensure that the oldest claims are paid first, and we are actively removing any unnecessary steps that may be barriers to paying timely claims.    Third related to technology, we continue to try to automate steps where we can and, for example, we removed the duplicate claims process and now that is automated.    These efforts have produced results. As of today, 81 percent of authorized claims, meaning our current, meaning they are within 30 days of receipt. This compares to 73 percent in June of last year.    Some sites have improved more than others. So, for example, in Louisiana, claims processing has improved from 69 percent to 96 percent in the last six months. This improvement is even more noteworthy given the fact that we continue to experience tremendous growth in the claims volume.    Last fiscal year, we processed roughly 17 million claims which represents a 21 increase from the prior year. Even though we continue to improve in this area, there is still much work to be done to meet industry expectations.    We also recognize that our Choice contractors have not been paid timely and understand the frustration this has caused. We are actively working to address these issues with an eye towards removing any barriers in the contract that may slow payment.    I believe that open communication is critical for these partnerships to work, and have made it a point to meet weekly with the executives from Health Net and TriWest to talk about issues that we are discussing today. Getting these partnerships right is important for VA, and impacts our relationship with community providers and the veterans that we serve.    We are taking steps to improve community care today, but also looking towards the future incorporating lessons learned from the current program and industry best practice. We aim to move towards a claims solution that is more fully automated. That is why in the recently released draft performance work statement, we include a specific section focused on claims processing and payment.    Lastly, we take the recommendations from GAO and OIG seriously. We are closely monitoring their reports and working to resolve issues that are identified. However, we do need help from Congress to formalize VA's prompt pay standard which will help us align with current industry practice, and then also help from Congress to change the recording of obligations to the time of payment so that we can improve our accuracy in terms of funding.    These two proposals will address many of the deficiencies identified in both GAO and OIG reports. Getting provider payment is critically important. We look forward to continuing to work with veterans, veteran service organizations, yourself, and Congress as well as we move forward.    I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today, and am prepared to answer any questions you or other Members may have. Thank you.    Dr. Yehia. Yes.    Dr. Yehia. Yeah.    Dr. Yehia. Yes. You know, when I talk to providers just as you talk to providers, without a doubt they want to care for veterans. And when I ask them kind of what stands in their way, one of the issues relates to payment and that deals with what you just described. One is reimbursement rates.    Right now under all these different programs, we pay differently. So under the traditional PC3 Program, it is less than Medicare. Under the Choice Program, it is up to Medicare. In some of our emergency room authorities, we pay 70 percent of Medicare.    It is very confusing for community providers to know what they are going to get billed for, what they are going to get paid for. And that actually causes some of the problems that we are experiencing today with prompt payment. A lot of folks are expecting the VA to pay a specific amount, but we don't because they don't understand all the rules that are in place.    So what we hope to do is move towards a standardized fee schedule. That fee schedule will as best possible be based on Medicare which is kind of the common practice in the community. We know that some specialties we might have to pay a little bit more than Medicare and in some locales, specifically rural areas, we might have to pay a little bit more.    But for the most part, we want to try to move the system towards Medicare rates as best as possible. So that is kind of some of the efforts that we are hoping to do.    The other thing that is important to recognize is that not everything has a Medicare rate. So, for example, dental care, there is not actually a Medicare rate. And across our facilities in the VA, we pay different rates when there isn't a Medicare rate.    So some of the work that we are trying to do is for those services that there isn't a fee schedule by Medicare, how can we come up with a regional fee schedule or a VA fee schedule so that folks know exactly what they will get paid for the services they provide. That is a little bit of some of the work that we are starting.    Dr. Yehia. So let me explain a little bit of where we are. So in the consolidation report that we presented, that provides a little bit of the overview, the blueprint, the direction. There are a number of things that we can do today. So what we are doing is, we are categorizing, one of the things within VA's control that we can try to impact today. A lot of those have to do with, like process improvements, removing unnecessary steps.    But as we kind of talked about as well last hearing, and in the plan, there are a number of things that we need to partner on to be able to do together, so being able to get to one eligibility criteria as we discussed before, we can't do that. We need help from Congress.    So there are a couple of things that are squarely in our field that we are trying to move forward, and then a couple things that we need partnership with you to move forward.    Dr. Yehia. Yes, I would love to discuss that because the other thing that I was mentioning is when I talk to community providers, one is payment. The other one is paperwork. And it comes in two forms. Currently our contractors, as many of you know, there is a requirement in there that we have to get the medical record before we can issue payment. That is not an industry standard. That is not how other health insurance companies work.    As Dr. Shulkin mentioned yesterday, we are in the final stages of being able to remove that barrier from the contract. I think that is going to go a long way to ensuring that we provide more timely payment.    The other thing that we are doing is, as you know, we don't need every single piece of the record. I think back of when I was an intern taking care of patients, and I would get volumes from an outside hospital that I would have to comb through to figure out what piece of information do I need to care for this patient.    So what we are doing as well is defining exactly what are the important pieces that we need from providers. So that is the treatment plan, what new meds they started, what procedures and labs they did. We don't need every single nursing note or every single time a medication was administered. And I think that is going to reduce the paperwork burden.    So those are two things that we are working on today to make the lives of community providers a little bit better.    Dr. Yehia. I will take that one. I think that account was required to be created as part of the Choice law that was passed. So I think it was something that Congress had asked us to do. I do think there is value, though, to make sure that there is a very specific pot of money that is designated for community care.    I think your point about flexibility is important, though. We should make sure that there is adequate flexibility. So if we need to use a little bit more community care dollars in one year, we can move from the medical services account to the community care account.    Dr. Yehia. What we are doing is in our draft performance work statement, our intention is to put out requirements, and so we say this is what we want. We want to be able to have a system that pays on time, that is mostly automated, and we put that out in our draft performance work statement.    What we are doing now is receiving feedback from industry to say can they meet this requirement. So we are in that first phase to figure out is there partners in there, is there partners in the private sector that can do this. I think there probably are. We have just got to wait on their responses to see if they can actually meet those requirements.    Dr. Yehia. I have been nodding my head when you were talking because I agree with what you are saying. We actually, our team took a trip to one of the Medicare processing sites that processes claims to look at industry best practice because I asked the same question, why can't we do that.    And the more that I thought about it, there are a couple barriers that stand in our way. One is the technology piece. But as we had talked about, being able to partner with folks in the community that has access to those technology pieces like some of the Medicare subcontractors would address that.    The other thing that is very convoluted is the fact that we have all these multiple programs with different eligibility. For Medicare, it is pretty crystal clear if you are eligible or not eligible. For us, and let me use the example of like ER care. We pay differently depending if it is service-connected or not service-connected. So it requires someone to look at the medical record to see did they go to the ER and was it for a service-connected related injury. If it is, we pay a different way. If it isn't, we do something different.    So I realized as I was going through this, is that we have to get the eligibility piece right which is what we talked about last week because if we continue to have a complex eligibility system, even if we partner with the best performers in the private sector, they are still going to have problems paying on time because it is so complex.    So I think it is kind of a two-prong thing where we have got to find those partners or the technology that works, but we also have to do our part in partnership to simplify eligibility so it is not too complicated.    Dr. Yehia. Yes, sir.    Dr. Yehia. Say that--    Dr. Yehia. Yes, yes, yes.    Dr. Yehia. Yes.    Dr. Yehia. Yes. So that is exactly, yes. And so we are working on that right now. This is one of those things that I was describing about, things that we can do that are within VA's control. Those 90 different sites, and part of the reason is claims processing used to be at local medical centers, and now a lot of it is under the shop of community care. So that is why there are so many different locations.    Because they are in different locations, there is different IT security clearances that have to occur. They can't tap into one system. They actually have to get privileges to access the other system. I don't know why it is that way, but that is what it is.    So what we are working now is with our IT partnership and LaVerne Council who is the new Assistant Secretary for IT. Her team is really helping us to give security access to the sites that are performing really well, so they can process the claims for the sites that are performing not so well. We hope to--    Dr. Yehia. Yeah.    Dr. Yehia. Sure. So yes to the second one. And I think we sent it to the Committee staff last week.    Dr. Yehia. It is publicly available. And not only can you get a copy, but if you want me or others to come and walk you through it, we are happy to do that.    And to your first point, that is exactly what is in the performance work statement. So there is a section in the performance work statement which is the first part of like an acquisition cycle. So as Gene was describing, it is kind of the first step and later on is the RFP and etcetera.    So that is exactly what we are looking for. We are looking for who are those high-performing claims processing sites that potentially could in the future be able to bid on a proposal that we hope to do in the coming months to be able to see if they can meet those needs. And so we are looking exactly at that option.    Dr. Yehia. I guess the point of this RFP or, I am sorry, the draft performance work statement is to look for private sector commercial folks that could do the work. So that is out of all the different options, we are not talking about an off-the-shelf IT product.    Dr. Yehia. I would have to get back to you on that number.    Dr. Yehia. I will take it. You are spot on. The emergency system and the emergency ambulance part of the care system is challenging. That is why we wanted to tackle it, and we did tackle it in our consolidation plan.    The problem with ER care, which is what we spoke about a little bit more last week is, there is multiple authorities that we have for providing ER care. If it is service-connected, we are the primary payer. If it is not service-connected, we are the payer of last resort. So they first go to other health insurance, then us.    On top of that being the difference in payers, we have different requirements, if you were seen at the VA in the last 24 months, did you bypass a VA on your way to the ER, and the list goes on and on and on.    I actually don't think it is the application of the prudent layperson is the biggest barrier here. That is a common practice in most health plans. It is all the other things that we have in place based on statute and regulation that we hope to consolidate and fix that. And that is what we present here.    As you know, that comes with a little bit of a cost. We wanted to be able to streamline and get to being the primary payer and remove all those barriers, but that is exactly what we want to do. And we have drafted some legislative proposals that get at that. So we are happy to share those with you if you are interested.    Dr. Yehia. Yeah.    Dr. Yehia. No. That is the case unfortunately across the country. And that is why we are taking actions to remove those barriers. The biggest barrier in that area is the fact that we require medical documentation before we pay the bill. I don't know why that was in the contract. It was in the contract when I first started this role a couple months ago. I looked at it. I was like, this doesn't make sense. No one else in the industry does this.    We are in the final stages of finalizing that, and removing that barrier. I think Dr. Shulkin mentioned it will be done in two to three weeks. That is the timeframe that we are working on. As soon as we get that done, we will make sure that everyone is aware of that.    The challenge is, when you get paid by Medicare or by a health plan, they don't ask you to give the record. And this addresses a lot of the various issues that the IG and the GAO found in the report, too, of we are getting all these paper claims and all these medical records that we have to scan and do that. That is, part of the reason is because we have been tying payment to getting medical documentation back, which is not a standard of care in the community.    Dr. Yehia. This contract came about in September 2013, I think, or in the end of 2013, started implementing in 2014. I don't exactly know. I don't know exactly who designed that contract. I will say one thing--    Dr. Yehia. Exactly.    Dr. Yehia. Yeah. And that is like a very important point as you raise, Congressman. That initial vehicle, that contract was not meant to run the Choice Program. It was not designed to run a program like Choice where we are sending hundreds of thousands of veterans into the community expanding community care.    That vehicle was not meant to do that. That is why we are moving out on this new draft performance work statement, getting a machine, a car that can actually run the race we want it to run. So part of it is, it just wasn't designed to do what we want it to do.    Dr. Yehia. Thank you for that question.    And, you know, I have been getting kind of similar letters, too, and it is not the VA that is sending them to the collection agency. There are two things here.    Dr. Yehia. It is the providers.    Dr. Yehia. Because they are not--    Dr. Yehia. Yes.    Dr. Yehia. Yes.    Dr. Yehia. Yes.    Dr. Yehia. You are describing it right. There are two things that we are doing. Number one, we have got to get the root cause, and the root cause of what we just described. The biggest barrier to prompt payment by our contracting partners is this requirement to submit the records. So we are getting to that basis. Once, I think we uncouple or unlink those, it is going to be a lot better to be able to pay more timely and accurately.    When I started hearing reports that veterans were getting adverse credit reporting, you know, I got very frustrated because there should be no administrative burden that stands in the way of them getting care.    So let me tell you what our team did. We actually stood up folks in our call center, and so if a veteran has any problems with adverse credit reporting, we have a 1-800 number they can call. It is a VA folk. They can chat with them. We will be able to connect with the community provider, and our contractor, as well as a debt agency to try to correct those.    So I am happy to give you that phone number if you want to share it with your constituents or put it on your Web site.    Dr. Yehia. I will tell you, though. It is 1-800-877-881-7618. And I am happy to provide it to the community because it is unacceptable. And so we are trying to do what we can on our part to help veterans that have an adverse credit reporting.    Dr. Yehia. We just rolled this out a couple weeks ago, so I would have to get back to you on the kind of the results that we are getting.    Dr. Yehia. I think that is an area for improvement for us. To speak frankly, a lot of our claims processors also provide some of the customer service. What we are hoping to do is to kind of build a more robust customer service function for community providers.    I don't know how the focus of those relationships has been in the past, but if you look at our consolidation plan and where we want to go in the future, we think about three stakeholders--veterans, community providers, and our employees. And maybe it is a little bit because I am a clinician. I am very focused on making sure that we have robust provider relations and customer service for community providers.    I think once we roll more of our plan out, this is going to be more localized so that at the regional level, there will be someone that they can talk to if they have issues and then also kind of nationally if they have just general information questions that they need, they can reach out. So I think we have more work to do in that area.    Dr. Yehia. I welcome that opportunity. We definitely do have some ideas, and I am looking forward to working with you.    Dr. Yehia. I would, as best as possible it would probably be outside. And this is how it would work. We want to create--the simpler that we can get the better which is, you know, more aligned with industry and Medicare. We would be able to, the way that I envision it working is with a partner. We would give them the business rules. So we would have you to check the name, make sure the provider's address is right, make sure the bill charge was right, make sure they have the right eligibility criteria. So we would give them the business rules, they would put it into their system, and the way that it works now for Medicare and a lot of the other sites is, for the most part, it is green lights all the way through. A check is sent electronically and deposited in someone's bank account. That is where we want to go to. The more complexity that we add, whether it is, we have to double check this because there is this eligibility in there, it makes it harder to automate every single step. So that is why I really welcome your comment to work together. Because we definitely need to be able to get to a simple, streamlined eligibility criteria that makes sense. Because those will form the business rules that we give to our partners in the community to process claims.    Dr. Yehia. Sure, and we have been chatting a little bit about that. What we were describing is the fact that in our current contract there is a requirement that we have to get the medical information, the medical record before we can issue a payment. And I was stating that it is different than the private sector. This is not a common practice in the private sector. This does not mean that we do not want records back, but we should not penalize community providers in that way. And so, what we are working on in the very near future to be able to kind of uncouple those, delink them so that we pay the claim when the work has been done, and then we still ask for the records, but not tie it to payment.    Dr. Yehia. Yes, that is the timeframe we are working on. Yes, sir.    Dr. Yehia. Sure. I think that was a requirement that was embedded in the contract. It was a kind of a contractual agreement that we had to hold that, that folks had to be accounted to. I do not think there needs to be a specific, I do not think we have to get into that level of detail when we hopefully craft a new Choice program by law. So I think it was more of a barrier that was in the contract than a barrier in the law.    Dr. Yehia. No, the tying the payment to the record was more a contractual barrier than a legal barrier.    Dr. Yehia. We heard from our providers that they were not getting timely, so we looked at why were they not getting timely. And the biggest reason was they have to submit all these paper records to us. And so, we looked at our contract and that was a requirement, and we are working on uncoupling it.    Dr. Yehia. Oh, well we want the records for care coordination. So if someone goes out into the community and gets seen by a community provider, and I am their doctor, and I come back and see them, I want to know what happened. So we want to get records back to coordinate care. We do not need every single piece of the record.    Dr. Yehia. The ones that are most important for the treatment plan. But it is important to get records for care coordination. But it should not be linked to payment.    Dr. Yehia. That was the whole idea of customer service, where I said we still have a long way to go. I actually had a conversation with the head of our customer service for community care. And I would love to be able to discuss that a little bit more. Like I said, we have a long way to go to make sure that we are providing good customer service to our community providers. But we are focused on that. That is what we want to do. You should not send a question by fax.    Dr. Yehia. Yes. Yes.    Dr. Yehia. I think it is something that is going to be incremental. So I do not have a specific timeframe in my mind. But we are taking steps today to make it better.    Dr. Yehia. Yes, I appreciate those comments. And if you give me the name of the provider we will have our team, we have actually created a rapid response team to work with providers that are having issues. So please give me that name, and we will be able to work on it.    We are doing this like two-pronged approach where we are driving towards the future, but at the same time, we know there are problems in the current state. And so we are standing up and taking actions to address those.    You know I will say about Eastern Colorado, because I did watch the hearing yesterday and I did a little bit of digging, they are in the top five in the country for utilizing Choice. And so I think, yes, I think we need to do better in making sure that everyone understands how the program works. But when I looked at it I was like, wow, they are actually sending a lot of the people out in the community. And I think people want, when I spoke with the medical center director and the VISN director, I think they want to see Choice succeed in Colorado. And that for me was very telling, the fact that they are sending so many folks in the community.    The one other thing that I think want to mention is, you know, I looked at all these different reports that came out from the IG and GAO, and I think there are nuggets in there, there are themes in there that it is important to put into practice. But as both of the co-witnesses here presented, this program has been evolving so rapidly. PC3 rolled out in the beginning of 2014. Choice, end of 2014, got changed again in 2015. Those are only some of the law stuff. Continuously we are making improvements in the program. So just imagine the level of training and really retraining that has to occur over and over again to learn new processes.    We have not reached steady state yet, and in my mind that is good. Because I do not want to be at this state. I want to be at a much higher state of excellence. But when I looked at the reports there, a lot of them had to do with, you know, training and system issues. And I think hopefully as we continue to evolve and get to a better place, we are going to be able to deliver the care that we need to deliver.    Dr. Yehia. Sure.    Dr. Yehia. No, I am with you. I am, you know, I am a clinician, and I practiced at a VA, and then I have also practiced at academic hospitals and community locations in taking care of veterans. And I jointly, I have a number of patients on my panel that I jointly care for with community providers. The fact is last fiscal year, we had 1.5 million veterans, unique veterans, that received community care. I think this trend is going to continue. I think as we get a little bit better at level setting, what is going to be offered in the VA, what we leverage the private sector to help us with, when I talk to the doctors at the VA, a lot of them, it is their colleagues down the street that they are sending their patients to. So I do not think they are, I do not know if it is a systemic culture thing. I think a lot of people welcome a community of practice.    Dr. Yehia. I do not want to sound like a broken record, but the biggest thing that we are talking about is coming in these next couple of weeks where we unlink the record from the payment. That, I think is going to really speed up payment. And your district is in Florida, right?    Dr. Yehia. Yes, and Florida is dear to my heart because I grew up in Florida, I went to the University of Florida. And so I have read a lot of news articles about the hospital association and various challenges that Florida hospitals have been facing. Gene can describe a little bit about some of the work that we are doing with, specifically with some of the Florida providers to improve it.    Dr. Yehia. Let me take that. So I want to clarify one thing. We do not think this is a sprint. This is, there are certain things that we have to get right today because they are such pain points. But, you know, we know this is going to be a journey to be able to get us to the ideal state where we want to be.    I think what you are getting at is like military cultural competency training. And I think back to my medical training, and I never received anything specifically related to veteran or military cultural competency when I was training to be a doctor. My only experiences were when I was a medical student working at the VA taking care of veterans that I actually gained that appreciation and that respect. I think we could do a lot better at making sure that our community providers have access to that sort of training and we are actually taking steps to do that. We have four courses that are available online. People can get CME, continuing medical education credit, to learn more about the uniquenesses and the nuances of military and veteran health care. And so I think we can, I would love to be able to share those links with folks on the Committee so you guys can push them out to community providers in your community.    Dr. Yehia. Well I think as Gene said, half of them have served. I would love to talk to you a little bit more about that.