    Ms. Graham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Secretary Carter and General Dempsey.    First, Secretary Carter, congratulations on your recent confirmation.    And General Dempsey, I want to say thank you not only for your generosity of time before this committee but also with new members in general. You have been very, very kind, so thank you.    First, I would like to start, Secretary Carter, in 1915, 100 years ago this year, the Mark V dive helmet, the trademark of diving, was created.    Military divers are located at a number of military installations around the country, including at the Naval Support Activity Center in Panama City, which is in my district. I had the opportunity to visit recently, and it is just phenomenal.    With the 100th year upon us, Mr. Secretary, I would much appreciate if you would support the designation of 2015 as the year of the military diver to honor those who are serving and have served and will serve as military divers for our country.    Ms. Graham. Thank you. I really appreciate that support, and I know that the men and women who serve as military divers do as well. So thank you.    A separate question; yesterday, to both General Dempsey and Secretary Carter, I asked the secretaries about their wounded warrior care programs.    As the Congress debates a new authorization for use of military force, one of my priorities is knowing that we should engage in military--in current or future--or military--current or future conflicts that our military service members go into this fight with confidence that this country will take care of them, especially the most severely injured, when they return home.    So I would like to learn, what is the Department of Defense doing to ensure the transition from active service to the VA for our most injured and ill service members, and what can we do to make sure that we identify every discharged service member who qualifies for the VA's Federal Recovery Care?    And I appreciate your answers.    Ms. Graham. Thank you very much. And our hearts are in the same place.    And I yield back the time I don't have left. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    Mr. Hunter.