    Mr. Brady. Thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    The Chairman. I would also like to take a moment to introduce and to welcome, before we start our hearing here, our newest member to the House Administration Committee, that is Mark Walker who represents the Sixth District in North Carolina. He is in his first term here in Congress. He came very highly recommended to us, that he had an interest in this Committee, and we are delighted that he is here.    His background is, I think, going to be very much an asset to our Committee. He previously served his community as a pastor, actually, in Greensboro, North Carolina, worked in a small business in the private sector. Both of those attributes are going to be very much needed here, so we certainly appreciate that. We are looking forward to putting him to work here and also looking forward to his input on our Committee.    We are meeting here today to discuss the United States Capitol Police. This law enforcement agency is unique really, unique maybe in the world, certainly, probably not what most would consider a typical community police force, and that is because the mission of the Capitol Police is to protect and to serve the United States Capitol, which, of course, is the citadel of democracy of the world.    There is no denying the fact that this building and this institution are very dramatic symbols of our free society, which is based on self-government. This also makes the Capitol campus and this institution a target of those who hate our freedoms and hate our values here in America. In fact, some say that because of this, perhaps we need even greater restrictions on access to the Capitol campus here. Obviously, that would be totally counter to what this Nation stands for.    One of the many important rights secured on behalf of the American people and the First Amendment in our Constitution is the right to redress their grievances before their government. The American people must have access to those that they send to the Capitol to represent their interests, and they must also have access to the grounds of our Capitol Building to also exercise their constitutionally guaranteed right to peaceably assemble.    Since Congress created the U.S. Capitol Police back in 1828, they have worked very hard to fulfill this dual mission of safety and accessibility. Every Member of Congress, the staff of the Capitol here in the office buildings, and the American people as a whole understand that this is no small task that we have missioned them with.    We commend and we have the utmost respect for the many men and women who uphold their sworn duty to act as protectors and defenders of the law day in and day out, 24/7. Each officer has come here willingly answering the call to serve and to protect. The Capitol Police law enforcement agency is just not a few individuals; they are many who serve as one to meet their mission in protecting our complex.    So we hold this hearing today as part of our Committee's jurisdiction to review the safety and the security of the Capitol and its facilities. The safety of each Member of Congress, all the staff, and most importantly of course, the security and the safety of the millions of Americans who visit each and every year is important.    Our Committee works very closely with the Capitol Police on a daily basis to ensure that they have the tools, the authority, and the support that they need to keep our Capitol safe and secure for everyone. The security needs of the Capitol complex are always at the forefront of our minds, because we all understand the threats. There is a constant need to review security protocols; make certain those protocols are thoughtfully developed; and ensure that the protocols are reviewed, tested, and deployed against the threats.    The importance of this process has not diminished over the years. In fact, new and verifiable threats have only increased, and we must work together to adapt. As with any law enforcement organization, the responsibility for meeting the mission begins and ends at the top. In this case, with the Chief of Police, Kim Dine. While our Committee meets on a regular basis to discuss the security status of our Capitol and all of its inhabitants with the Capitol Police leadership, we felt it was very timely to have a general oversight hearing to hear directly from the Chief of the Capitol Police about his force.    Obviously, we all recognize, Chief, that there are very sensitive aspects about the operations and the capabilities of the Capitol Police that we can probably not discuss in an open forum, but it is important to note, I think, as well, that most often threats are discovered and they are investigated and they are resolved without them ever becoming public. And often they do that almost always really in cooperation with other agencies.    Due to the inherent professionalism of the force, that is a type of flawless response that we have come to expect from the U.S. Capitol Police. But, certainly, as some of the recent events--the gyrocopter incident brings these threats to the forefront. Many have questioned how the gyrocopter was actually able to fly all the way to the front lawn of the Capitol.    However, I will note this: Actually protecting the restricted airspace over Washington, D.C., is not the mission of the Capitol Police. That falls to other agencies. In fact, I can remember, I think it was during President Reagan's funeral when a former Governor of Kentucky, his State aircraft came into restricted airspace. A pilot error, but the Air Force actually scrambled their jets, I think, on that day.    I do remember the Capitol Police doing their duty to evacuate the Capitol campus flawlessly. Again, in that instance, the job of the Capitol Police was not to so much eliminate the air threat in the restricted airspace but to protect those who work there or are visiting the Capitol campus.    I would say this, I had a briefing after that, many of us did, and I told the Chief then that I thought the Capitol Police performed very well once the gyrocopter landed, almost flawlessly, really. However, I would also say that there were some aspects of the event, which I am going to be looking forward to hearing from the Chief on, which we would like to talk a bit about, about when did the Capitol Police know that the individual was heading for the Capitol; and if we had some heads up, how would that affect the response then; and how does it affect the response going forward.    I would also like to note that in that incident and others, I have taken issue with the lack of communication. During that incident, actually the best source of information that I had and I think many Members had was watching cable TV, and actually looking at some of the different news channels. So I think the police work was very impressive, but the communications could be improved. That is an area that we want to have a bit of oversight on. Although, again, I have raised these concerns with the Chief, and it does appear to be that the communication protocols have already been improved.    Also, there have been three separate incidents that perhaps normally you wouldn't talk about publicly, but they have been in all of media outlets so it is quite known, where officers have left their assigned firearms unattended. These are very serious breaches, I think, that alarm all of us, quite frankly. When you are in an open and public environment with literally millions of visitors each and every year, securing your weapon is of primary importance.    So I understand, again, that these incidents are being investigated and, again, normally wouldn't be talked about openly. But certainly, at this point, I hope to hear a bit about how they are being handled, whether the Capitol Police has the training and the resources that it needs, and what steps are being taken to ensure that these kinds of serious incidents are not repeated.    The purpose of the hearing is to examine the current operations and the responses taken by the Capitol Police, particularly those leadership decisions which have an effect on training, readiness, and on the overall morale of the force of the United States Capitol Police.    I would say this, we certainly all understand that now is a particularly challenging time for law enforcement across the entire country--certainly not just here, but across the entire country. We are also very aware that the Capitol Police operate in sort of an asymmetrical environment. The purpose of this hearing is certainly not to second-guess every single action that has been taken in pursuit of security. However, our Committee does have the oversight responsibility for conducting a hearing such as this, and we intend to carry out our responsibilities.    Of course, nearly all of the events that have occurred in the public view are met with textbook responses that display, again, the standard of conduct, the professionalism that Congress expects of its law enforcement agency and is demanded by the American people as well. We would ask the Chief to provide us as much information as possible in an open setting about these incidents, such as what was learned; training improvements; where the training proves successful; in the cases of the unintended firearms, what kinds of corrective actions has been taken, again, that you could discuss openly; and, lastly but likely most importantly, what your plan is for the department to move forward. I think we don't want to be spending our time looking in the rearview mirror. We want to look forward as much as possible, always.    One of the questions--and I mentioned this to the Chief before we started--that I am going to want to bring up and perhaps more of a discussion amongst even the members here is exploring how the chain of command is structured, because right now the Chief of Police reports to the Capitol Police Board, which is made up of the Sergeant at Arms in the House, the Sergeant at Arms in the Senate, and the Architect of the Capitol. This was a police board that was comprised back in the 1800s, and it just seems like it would be a timely thing for us, perhaps, to discuss whether or not this reporting structure complicates performing the duties that we have an expectation of the Capitol Police and its Chief and if it is the best management structure.    Then, finally, I would ask the Chief to explain again the leadership steps that he has taken and is taking to guide the law enforcement agency forward.    So I am very hopeful that the result of this hearing will be that we all gain a better understanding of the challenges faced by the Capitol Police; areas where some of the changes or improvements can be made; and, finally, how this Committee can assist, which is what we really want to do, how we can assist the United States Capitol Police in performing their mission because we all share the common goal of protecting the United States Capitol, the entire campus here, as I say, not just the Members or the staff but, most importantly, the American people, the millions of American people that visit each and every day.    So I certainly thank the Chief for his appearance before our Committee today.    I would now like to recognize my colleague, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Brady.    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I join my friend, Chairman Miller, in welcoming the Chief to this hearing. We wish we saw you more often although under different circumstances.    The congressional community and the American public need to be sure that they are safe in the United States Capitol and the surrounding areas. I believe that strong oversight and policy direction of vital elements of building and, unfortunately, in some instances, rebuilding that trust.    The Committee on House Administration, the other legislative and oversight committees of the House, and Senate need to be sure that we are not an afterthought in the process of managing this department. If something potentially embarrassing happens which reflects on the Capitol Police, risks the public safety, or is likely to become publicly known, run--don't walk--to this committee. We don't want to find out from local Hill newspapers, tweets from journalists, or through the rumor mill.    Recent incidents with officers losing their weapons, the gyrocopter landing on the west front lawn, the tragic murders of the Navy Yard, it is my understanding that several of these issues are still under investigation and subject to the legal process. But none of that reduces the committee's obligation to know the facts and the department's obligation to be forthcoming.    I have been and continue to be unwavering in my support of the Capitol Police. Chairman Miller and I have many conversations on the USCP anniversary. Every issue we are in complete agreement. I think I can safely say that we both want to do everything and anything possible to ensure that you and the force is successful.    On a daily business, rank-and-file officers may be called upon to put their lives on the line to protect visitors, members, and staff. As the son of a police officer, I am intimately aware of that tremendous burden and commitment it requires. But, quite frankly, I have been deeply troubled by several recent occurrences that have forced me to question the leadership of the force.    I look forward to your testimony, and I look forward to learning how you plan to continue to strive to be the leader that they deserve.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Are there any other members that wish to be recognized for an opening statement?    Chair recognizes Mr. Harper.    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chief, far be it for me to sit here and make you feel uncomfortable or even to question you. But we are friendlies here. We are not the enemy here. My dad was in the police force. Mr. Nugent has many, many years of experience in law enforcement. I have even talked with him every day. We are, you know, a committee to oversight you. This is the first time I met you.    Chief Morse was a friend. He wasn't--we weren't an oversight committee; he was a friendly toward us. Walk by, anytime you walk by the office, pop in. How are you? How are you doing? That is good relationships. You know Philadelphia is known for cheesesteaks. We have the biggest cheesesteak restaurant in the city, the most famous nationwide, and they collect patches. And he wanted a patch from Capitol Police. So I went to Chief Morse, I said: You know, I would like to get a patch. He said: No, I will go down and bring it to them. I want to have that great relationship and good PR. And he did that, you know.    And, again, we don't want to be reactive. We want to act if there is a problem, there is an issue, your contract. I deal with your officers, with your unions all the time. You meet with them a lot. Meet with us a lot. Walk by our office and say hello. I know you are busy, but we are busy too. We are not going to not say hello to you, you know. And that is my issue. That is my problem.    And I know you could be overwhelmed, but I do appreciate that, you know. But if you could get a little more closer to us, we want to get closer to you. I have been involved in more contracts than anybody you know, including two of yours previously, you know. I do a lot of that. And, you know, in the city of Philadelphia. When there is always a problem, you know, I am the one they go to many, many times.    We are ready to help you. We have had discussions, me and the chairman, all the time, you know. And we a little bit wonder why haven't we got like more involved. We are not here to criticize you. I can't do your job. You could probably do mine, but I can't do yours. Or you can learn mine quickly enough. It is no rocket science to be a Congressman. It is a little tough to be a police officer.    We want to be helpful to you. And I really wish that you would take that into consideration. No request, nothing. Just, you know, if you have requested, it certainly would be on your part for us because we are supposed to be here to help you. And I wish you would take that consideration and get a little more friendly with all of us.    Mr. Brady. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Brady. Yeah. Just quickly, Madam Chairman. Thank you for having this hearing, because I got an opportunity to meet the Chief of Police of Capitol Hill.    I do need to get to know you better, for a lot of reasons, because I work here and I am worried about the people that visit here. But also you are coming to my city in 2016, coming to Philadelphia, we have our convention there, and I would like to get to know you better. There are a lot of logistics that are there, field office, kind of a unique place. Everybody is in charge and everybody is smarter than everybody else. So I would just like to fill you in on all that and make sure that you don't step on any land mines while you are there.    So I do need to get a little bit to know you better. You need to get to know me and our committee better.    Madam Chair, thank you for having this hearing, and I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. I thank you very much. I am certain you are going to have the Chief bringing a patch to that cheesesteak place.    Mr. Brady. I failed to state, and this person is also the biggest around and he is also a major law enforcement supporter, and he closes down his shop three or four times a year for 2 or 3 days. I mean, he doesn't close it down, he keeps it open. But all the proceeds go to the police officers. I am talking about probably up to maybe a couple millions dollars. So it was worth it.    And I was proud to bring my chief of police down there, and he wanted to put the patch on the wall, and he put it right in the middle of all the many, many other patches. So you come down, and I will fatten you up with a cheesesteak.    The Chairman. Very good.