    Mr. Frank. Thank you.    Mr. Frank. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member----    Mr. Frank. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, and the Committee for having me here. I am the head of the non-profit public interest law firm, Center for Class Action Fairness, but I do not speak on their behalf today. However, my experience with the center is with civil litigation in class action settlements that raise very similar issues where class counsel breached their fiduciary duty to their clients and tried to divert money to third party charities rather than to the purportedly injured plaintiffs in a class action.    So, for example, 5 weeks ago we won a case in the 8th Circuit involving Bank of America shareholders where class counsel for the shareholders, instead of distributing $2.7 million of leftover money to the shareholders, decided that he wanted to write a big check to the local Legal Aid Society and have a ceremony of the big check where he would get his picture in the paper. That might be nice for the attorney who has more gratitude from his local charity than from shareholders getting a few dollars each, but it is a breach of their fiduciary duty, and we got that diversion overturned.    We won another case in the 9th Circuit, Nachshin v. AOK, where the lawyers tried to give money to the judge's husband's charity. These are real conflicts of interest. They are real problems, and courts have been stepping in. Most notably, Chief Justice Roberts indicated the need for this in the Merrick v. Lane case, 134 S. Ct., page 8.    The problem is even more egregious in the prosecution context for the reasons Mr. Larkin has just demonstrated, but I would like to raise some other issues. These settlements are being discussed as providing $7 billion of consumer relief or $2.5 billion of consumer relief. But when you get into the weeds of the agreements in Annex Number 2, you see these $2 or $1 credits, $3 credits, as much as $3.75 per dollar credits. And as a result, you are not talking about a diversion of $150 million. You are talking about the Department of Justice getting credit for ``$7 billion of consumer relief,'' but, in fact, the banks will be paying billions of dollars less in order to funnel money to the Department of Justice's preferred recipients.    Now, again, as Mr. Larkin said, it may be some of these recipients are good. They may not be. But at the end of the day, the Justice Department does not have the authority to do that except by bypassing the Treasury through these settlement agreements, and the bypassing has other legal consequences. For example, in Chapter 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations, when the Federal Government gives money to legal aid societies, as this settlement requires, there are a lot of strings attached to that Federal money. The legal aid societies can only use it in certain ways.    This settlement bypasses those congressional restrictions or these Federal legal regulations and restrictions. And, again, the monitor will not be overseeing this. The monitor is only determining whether the bank has given the money that they are supposed to give.    Other problems. In effect, DOJ is creating housing policy, Treasury policy, and in many ways, overriding existing policies of the Treasury Department and the Housing Department without any oversight from Congress or otherwise. So there is credit being given for loan modifications that do not satisfy the Treasury Department's HAMP requirements. Now, there are disputes over whether or not HAMP is effective, but what is clear is if you loosen those requirements, it is going to be less effective than the existing Treasury Department program. But the DOJ is now creating its own loan modification program without the regulatory expertise to do so, and with potentially adverse public policy results.    There is another provision in the Bank of America settlements in Section 2.A of the Annex, menu item 2.A of the Annex. Bank of America gets a $10,000 credit for providing first-time home buyers of lower/moderate income a loan. Now, there are two possibilities there. One, these are financially viable loans that Bank of America would be happy to make anyway, in which case it is completely illusory relief. They are just going to get a $10,000 offset to what is supposed to be consumer relief. Or these are not financially viable loans, but the DOJ is distorting the market for loans to encourage yet more loans for mortgages that potential low and moderate income people cannot actually afford. And that is how we got into this mess in the first place.    I welcome your questions.    Mr. Frank. Well, the guidelines should be implemented by Congress given that the executive branch does not have the authority to allocate money. But I think guidelines are a good thing and are a good way to avoid the potential conflicts of interest when the executive branch bleeds into the separation of powers by structuring settlements this way.    Mr. Frank. Those are multiple issues.    Mr. Frank. But certainly the defendants were represented at the settlement table, and it is not clear that they did not get one over on the Justice Department here by getting the illusion of $7 billion that might end up costing them $2 or $3 billion. With respect to whether this could happen in a court, I do not believe FIRREA, the underlying statute where the allocations were made here, would authorize this sort of particular relief if it was litigated to judgment, whether a court would approve a settlement involving these third party transactions.    Well, what district courts do is not always what is particularly legal, especially in the settlement context where they are trying to get cases off of their dockets. And that is the experience I have had in the civil context.    Mr. Frank. No, those were not class action lawsuits, but the underlying principles are the same principles.