    Dr. Virden. Chairman Smith, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify in today's hearing.    My primary message today is that, even with the tremendous amount of excitement about the emerging U.S. energy storage market, there is still plenty of need for R&D innovations that increase performance, reduce lifecycle costs, and improve safety of the next generation of battery storage technologies. The presence of Aquion and Ambri here are evidence to the role of innovative researchers. For our part, I am very proud of PNNL's battery scientists and engineers who have produced close to 300 publications, have filed 91 United States patents, with 19 granted so far, and seven licenses to U.S.-based companies in Washington State, California, and Massachusetts. One of these companies, Unit Energy Technologies, or UET, was started by two former PNNL employees, scientists, in 2012. UET has grown to 50 employees, and they are now deploying their novel redox flow battery technology in Washington, California, and Germany.    PNNL recently published the first Institute Scientific Investigation, looking at the atomic level changes in lithium ion batteries that enabled us to visualize why they short-out and fail. The expected lifetime of lithium ion battery systems today is generally believed to be 5 to 7 years, and grid storage batteries will need to last ideally 15 to 20 years. This groundbreaking work also confirmed a new approach that might dramatically extend the lifetime of lithium ion batteries. But despite all these advances, we still have fundamental gaps in our understanding of the basic processes that influence battery operation, performance, limitations, and failures.    As you know, renewable energy creates many challenges for grid operations. Their generation profile does not match up exactly with demand, and their generation is intermittent. In the Pacific Northwest, we have five gigawatts of wind, and sometimes hundreds of megawatts or even gigawatts of RAMs. Texas has the same problem with wind, and California with solar. Battery storage could solve these problems by smoothing out the intermittent generation, and storing energy off-peak to be used later when it was most needed. Several of our PNNL studies have concluded that for battery storage to be viable, it must serve multiple grid applications, such as meeting energy demands minute-by-minute, hour-by-hour, storing renewable energy at night for use the next day, as well as deferring transmission and distribution upgrades. Utilities would like battery storage to deliver both high power and lots of energy. This is like wanting a car that has the power of a Corvette, the fuel efficiency of a Chevy Malibu, and the price tag of a Chevy Spark. This is hard to do. No one battery delivers both high power and high energy, at least not very well or for very long. There are many different types of battery chemistries and sizes of batteries. In demonstrations around the country, I have counted over 13 different types and sizes of batteries being explored. All are in different stages of development, validation, and demonstration for grid applications.    While today's batteries can address the higher value-added grid applications, the cost of batteries need to be reduced, the lifetime expanded, and the safety validated. We believe there are three key research and development challenges that need to be addressed to significantly improve existing advanced battery systems in the near term, along with the longer term development of the next generation, lower cost battery systems.    First, to provide confidence to utilities that new battery technologies will meet multiple grid applications, we need independent testing and evaluation of energy storage facilities to validate performance and safety, along with the continued development of codes and standards that allow interoperability between different technologies and software.    Secondly, continued support for basic and applied R&D is needed to discover new battery systems, and to better understand and predict why batteries don't perform as expected, why performance degrades over time, or why they fail. Universities and national labs across the country are well positioned to address the gap in our lack of fundamental understanding.    Finally, as new technologies make it out of the lab, we will need regional field demonstrations that validate the lifecycle costs, performance, safety, and overall impact on--batteries will have on reliability, resiliency, and renewable integration. This information is critical to feed back to those developing the next generation of batteries.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify, and I'd be happy to answer any questions.    Dr. Virden. Well, thank you for the question. I like one part of your question a lot, which is the goal of energy storage is to keep prices down.    Dr. Virden. It'll serve certain very high-end markets initially, but the goal is to keep prices down. And it will have a huge impact on resiliency and reliability and robustness of the grid.    Let me give you one example. We did an analysis for Puget Sound Energy, and they had three substations that were basically maxed out at capacity about 9 days out of the year. Texas has the same challenges in the middle of the summer. And they asked where would energy storage have the biggest impact into maintaining the reliability of that substation and the distribution feeder. We did the analysis. It turns out you could put about a 3 megawatt battery that would run for 3 to 4 hours at a certain substation. Now, the key was they gave us real world data so we could make that analysis. It saved them, given the ROI they wanted, $6 million over the other options which were upgrading the transmission infrastructure, the distribution infrastructure, the substation. So with that battery, they can now meet, they believe, 90 percent of the challenges they have on that distribution feeder. And the main return on investments for them was inter-hour balancing, so balancing on that distribution feeder the, you know, inter-hour requirements. T&D deferral was the next one. And we often talk about renewables, but the arbitrage part of that had very little ROI, even though the battery would spend 15 percent of the time. So as the previous witnesses said, there's no one answer fits all. You almost have to go utility-by-utility and what their specific needs are, almost down to the distribution level.    Dr. Virden. Yeah, with the Intel example specifically, they've got about an 18-month R&D cycle for next products, and huge profit margins. And when you start wandering into the grid and the energy storage space, the fundamentals, and I think you said it here are it's high capital, high risk, long-term payback, and fragmented market, and it makes for uncertainty.    Dr. Virden. Yeah, thank you for the question. I think what you're going to see, from my perspective, is two phases. You have companies who have taken technologies that maybe have been developed over the last five or so years and they're going to try to move those to the market, and they're going to try to improve them.    Dr. Virden. We, for example, on that vanadium redox flow battery, which was a well-understood battery, it's been around for years, through some fundamental scientific investigations in solubility, we are able to increase the capacity by 70 percent. Not incremental, but kind of revolutionary.    So you're going to see, I think, those continued advances in the pipeline. Maybe five or ten years out are all kinds of ideas of--you know, every battery has an anode and a cathode, just like your car battery, and an electrolyte in between. And you see all kinds of press releases about a new anode material that's five times better than anything out there----    Dr. Virden. --and it probably is, but as Mr. Whitacre--Dr. Whitacre was saying, when you put that in with an electrolyte and a cathode, and put it together and then try to scale it, all kinds of things don't work. Materials start to fall apart, the chemistry isn't well known, there's side reaction, and usually what that leads to is loss of performance, loss of safety. And we as fundamental scientists don't understand those basic mechanisms.    Dr. Virden. So in this ecosystem, you need that fundamental research that continues to move the state of knowledge along so companies can take that and utilize it, and the unique tools that DOE provides they can utilize.    Dr. Virden. Then you need companies to spin out and move it along. And we do really undervalue the challenge of scale-up. I think you're exactly right. In every materials process I see, in an experiment in a lab like this big, it works perfectly. Then when you want to make thousands of them----    Dr. Virden. --it doesn't. And so I think that is the challenge is filling that U.S. pipeline of fundamental science that can spin off, and people can keep moving things forward.    And with respect to that ecosystem and why it's so hard to move things out, there's 3,000 utilities----    Dr. Virden. --in this country, and they don't have R&D budgets, and they don't have venture capital budgets.    Dr. Virden. And they've got--we've got private, we've got public, we've got co-ops. The fragmented market makes it very difficult for the ultimate end-user to do the R&D.    Dr. Virden. I'm going to use the all-of-the-above response on this one. And I truly believe you have to have the basic research to provide the long-term foundation. You're exactly right. There's some really cool technology ideas out there, but if you don't have the applied sciences, where most of the battery work starts to fall apart is when you take it out of the lab, put it in a real world battery system, and it's that applied science that starts to troubleshoot and figure out why they're not performing the way they should. The theoretical densities are always really high. When you make one, it drops way down. And then you can't get the full feedback until you do demonstrations. And if you don't have all those parts of the ecosystem, it's hard to innovate rapidly.    Dr. Virden. I think there is. There's, you know, practical issues like if you do plug your car into the garage, who has liability for the battery----    Dr. Virden. --if you're using it for, you know, stabilizing the grid. Interestingly, we did a study of all NERC/FERC sub-regions and looked and said how many of the cars could you put on--electric vehicles on the grid right now region-by-region, and the places where you could put a lot of cars on the grid, and the grid could deliver the electricity needed to charge and interact, was the Midwest primarily, and it was the places that had a lot of coal and natural gas intermediate capacity. And interestingly enough, in the west, Washington State, Oregon, California, where we're hydro-dominated, you could put the least amount of vehicles on the grid and charge them, because of our--having to back water up behind the dam at night, and we don't have a lot of intermittent capacity. So people are looking at the idea. It makes sense. We could handle some of the distribution challenges, but there's still a ways to go to be able to get that transactive signal that would allow the battery to play in that grid market.    Dr. Virden. I would agree with the previous witnesses' comments, if you're trying to store electrons directly, the battery storage is really the only way to go about it. And it has practical challenges with, over those 200 years, I don't think we've been faced--we've had to face the real issues of batteries, but with transmission distribution constraints, renewables, we're now having to face directly, you know, how do we store energy in a battery.    Dr. Virden. I think it's going to be distributed at the substation level. So for me that's, you know, several megawatts in a few megawatt hours. This is beyond frequency regulation where you have tens of megawatts. That's the higher value-added market right now. I see the home market behind the meter as longer term, except in a few places like California and Hawaii.    That Tesla announcement, by the way, you'll get a battery pack that's $3,000, you still have to buy the inverter, so it's $4,500, and that would give you about 7 kilowatt hours. That's not going to take you off-grid. Our estimates to go off-grid in a home, you're spending $15,000 to $20,000 or more, so it's still expensive. The community application, to me, makes the most sense because you spread the cost and get multiple benefits.