    Mr. Rooney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My question doesn't revolve around this New York Times article, but I wanted to just comment on it. Obviously, you know, I have one of the largest beef-producing districts in the State of Florida and on the east coast.    And I can tell you one of my issues with this article isn't so much that--you know, obviously, it sounds like it was a house of horrors, what was going on there.    And that there is an Inspector General (IG) report--I can get that and I am glad about that. I don't know that maybe--you know, that there should be a suspension of operations there pending the IG report's outcome, but it sure sounds like something of that magnitude may be warranted here.    And some of the things that they were doing--here is what really concerns me, is that my beef producers and my cowboys and all the people that work in that industry in my district are some of the best people that I have ever met.    And some of the practices that they are doing here at this facility is something that would be so foreign to them that they would clearly find egregious, especially with regard to breeding twins and triplets and what have you.    That is something that I don't think that I have ever heard of any rancher that I work with actually wanting. And they actually allude to that in this article, that, ``Well, we are not doing anything that the ranchers didn't want.'' That is bull you know what.    And so I just think that one of the unintended consequences that I am really worried that may come out of this report might actually go to punish these producers that are in my district for the sins that were committed in Nebraska.    And so I just hope, as this IG investigation goes forward, that even though there may be some bad actors out there in the countryside, that what is happening by our U.S. taxpayer-funded dollars at this facility is not necessarily--or should not be reflected on the actual beef producers that are in our districts, I hope. That wasn't really a question. That was just a request.    But on a completely different note, the other major industry in my district deals with citrus. And with the establishment of the Emergency Citrus Disease Research and Extension Program, your agency has done good work in finding a long-term solution to the horrific effects of greening. And I thank you.    And I am also happy that my alma mater, the University of Florida, received funds to get our research working on four of the seven projects funded in this first year. I understand the challenges associated with starting the entire program from scratch, and I am hopeful that we will see good results when the project is selected for funding.    My question is: With the implementation of the two-step review, one industry relevance and the other scientific, what weight is there on industry concern? And were all of the proposals considered by the science panel regardless of their industry ranking? And then, finally, was the industry ranking communicated to the science panel reviewers?    Thank you.    Mr. Rooney. Good morning.    Mr. Rooney. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yield back.