    Chairman Neugebauer. The Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``Examining the Designation and Regulation of Bank Holding Company SIFIs.''    Before we begin, I would like to thank the witnesses for traveling to Washington to testify today.    For situational awareness, we are expecting 4 votes sometime in the next 30 or 40 minutes. This first series of votes is expected to last possibly over an hour-and-a-half. Per an agreement with the Minority, Members' oral statements will be limited to 1 minute per side.    And without objection, the written opening statements of the chairman and the ranking member will be made a part of the record.    I now recognize myself for 1 minute.    Good afternoon.    Over the last several years, we have seen bipartisan and bicameral interest in reexamining Dodd-Frank's regulatory framework for bank holding companies with assets greater than $50 billion. Dodd-Frank's arbitrary asset threshold, set under Section 165, does not adequately consider the systemic risk profiles of bank holding companies.    Section 165's objective is to mitigate risk to the financial stability of the United States due to the distress and failure of the financial institutions. I am concerned that using a static asset threshold does not provide enough flexibility for regulators when designating systemic importance. Recent evidence shows vast differences in systemic importance between the smallest U.S. G-SIBs and the largest U.S. regional banks, yet they remain subject to the same Section 165 standards.    Even banking regulators have highlighted the flaws in the Section 165 threshold. So, for example, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry recently testified that there are currently nonsystemically important banks being regulated as systemically important due to the current threshold.    As policymakers, we must always strive to be precise when improving legislation and frameworks so as to minimize unintended consequences. I hope that this hearing will allow members to begin considering different ways of measuring systemic importance and the regulatory consequences of being designated as a SIFI.    I now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Clay, for 1 minute.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    Today we have a very distinguished panel, and I appreciate their being here: Mr. Harris H. Simmons is the Chairman and CEO of Zions Bancorporation; Dr. James R. Barth is an Eminent Scholar in Finance at Auburn University, and a Senior Fellow at the Milken Institute; Dr. Paul H. Kupiec is a Resident Scholar at the American Enterprise Institute; Mr. Satish M. Kini is a Partner at Debevoise & Plimpton; and Dr. Simon Johnson is the Ronald Kurtz Professor of Entrepreneurship at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management, and a Senior Fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.    Per an agreement with the Minority, we will waive the oral presentation of your testimony. And without objection, your full written statements will be made a part of the record.    Chairman Neugebauer. The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes for questioning.    Mr. Simmons, can you compare the systemic importance profile between Zions and a large money-center bank?    Chairman Neugebauer. And one of the things--I believe that you just filed your stress-test documents recently, is that correct?    Chairman Neugebauer. And can you tell us how many pages that presentation included?    Chairman Neugebauer. And that is front and back, if I am not mistaken. Is that correct?    Chairman Neugebauer. Okay.    Dr. Barth, in your testimony, you note that under the Basel Committee framework for measuring systemic importance, the metric of size is only 20 percent of the calculation, but under Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act, it says asset size is 100 percent of the calculation.    Can you explain the significance of this distinction and how an asset-size-only calculation can mischaracterize systemic risk?    Chairman Neugebauer. Thank you.    Dr. Kupiec, some commentators have recently argued that the meaning of ``systemic importance'' under Dodd-Frank implies that a bank holding company's failure could cause credit intermediation issues in particular region.    Do you consider this definition of ``systemic importance'' representative of Congress' original intent in Section 165?    Chairman Neugebauer. Yes, I think my more direct question is, should that be one of the considerations for systemic risk, that one bank failure might have some adverse effect in that region?    My understanding originally was to make sure that one financial institution didn't bring down the whole system, not what the impact was on a local or regional basis.    Chairman Neugebauer. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from New Mexico, the vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Pearce, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. Thank you.    And now the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hinojosa, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I'm sorry. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Chairman Neugebauer. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    We are going to go to one more Member, and then we are going to recess for votes.    Members, I would ask you to, as soon as the last votes are over, come back, and we will finish up.    We now go to Mr. Tipton, the gentleman from Colorado, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentleman has expired. I thank the gentleman.    Without objection, this committee will stand in recess subject to the call of the Chair. I ask Members to return promptly after votes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The subcommittee will come back to order.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    Now the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Emmer, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The gentleman from New Hampshire, Mr. Guinta, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentlewoman from Utah, Mrs. Love, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentlewoman.    And now the gentlewoman from California, the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Ms. Waters. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Neugebauer. Without objection, I am going to recognize Mr. Royce, who is a member of the full Financial Services Committee but not a member of the subcommittee. He has a bill coming up on the Floor. And without objection, he is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Heck, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And now the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And I would like to thank our witnesses today.    Without objection, I would like to submit the following statements for the record: the opening statement of Chairman Randy Neugebauer; the opening statement of Representative Blaine Luetkemeyer; the opening statement of Ranking Member William Lacy Clay; and the written statement of the Regional Bank Coalition.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    And with that, we are adjourned.