    Mr. Poe. The subcommittee will come to order.    Without objection, all members may have 5 days to submit statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    The purpose of this hearing is to examine the budget for the Department of State Counterterrorism Bureau, Fiscal Year 2017. I have a lengthy opening statement, but without objection, I will make it a part of the record and make some brief comments.    The purpose of this is to determine the Counterterrorism Bureau's budget. Terrorism is on the rise throughout the world in different places, especially with ISIS. In any event, the administration has asked for a reduction in the Counterterrorism Bureau budget even though that to me is counterproductive in the sense that terrorism is on the rise.    On the other hand, my concern is about evaluations that have or have not been made by the success of what the Counterterrorism Bureau is doing or not doing. Personally, I am not satisfied that the evaluation of how the money is being spent and what we are doing is working. So the purpose of this hearing is to examine both of those, whether the budget should be cut or raised and whether the evaluations are being produced and what are the results of those evaluations.    Without objection, I will allow now the former ranking member of the committee, Mr. Sherman, to make an opening statement from California. You are recognized.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the ranking member and gentleman from Massachusetts for his opening statement.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman.    Without objection, the witness' prepared statement will be made part of the record. I ask that the witness keep the presentation to no more than 5 minutes.    I will introduce the witness that we have. Mr. Justin Siberell is the acting coordinator for the Bureau of Counterterrorism at the State Department. He is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service and before joining the CT Bureau, he served as a principal officer in Dubai, and he has also worked in Iraq, Jordan, Egypt, and Panama.    So thank you for being here, and you are recognized.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman.    The House is in the midst of a series of votes, so the subcommittee will recess until 5 minutes after the last vote has ended. So the subcommittee is in recess. We will reconvene 5 minutes after the last vote has ended.    Mr. Poe. The subcommittee will come to order.    I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for a few questions.    I have three questions, and we have 5 minutes to get the questions and the answers. So my first question is the administration maintains that counterterrorism is a top priority, but why is the administration wanting a budget cut?    Mr. Poe. Okay. We are not reading the same statistics, or at least I am not reading them the same way you are. The Counterterrorism Bureau wants 31 percent less money than last year, is that correct or not?    Mr. Poe. I mean is it--no, put it this way. Is it 31 percent less than last year or not? I don't want to be argumentative, but I need or yes or no?    Mr. Poe. The administration promised in 2011 that they would have a strategy to combat terrorists' use of social media, 2011. When is that strategy going to be produced because it hasn't been produced? Do you know?    Mr. Poe. Excuse me again.    Mr. Poe. Do you know when that is going to be done?    Mr. Poe. Yes, online radicalization by the terrorists' use of social media, and we were going to have a strategy to combat that, and the President--the administration promised this in 2011. We don't have it.    Mr. Poe. When is it going to happen?    Mr. Poe. Within a week?    Mr. Poe. All right. And the last question is GAO reported that the CT Bureau has not evaluated its Countering Violent Extremism program despite the Bureau saying since 2012 it would evaluate the program. When is that going to happen?    Mr. Poe. So the GAO, their answer would--I mean, it hasn't happened yet, and your answer is that it will be done by the end of the year, there will be an evaluation?    Mr. Poe. Combating terrorism, I think we can all agree to the fact that it is important because terrorism is on the rise. Tell me why we should justify the CT Bureau? Why should Congress justify its existence? Try to keep it simple if you would.    Mr. Poe. Thank you. The chair recognizes the ranking member, the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Keating.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts.    The chair will recognize the gentleman from California, Colonel Cook, for his questioning.    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentleman.    The committee may ask you to appear before the committee in a classified setting. Colonel Cook and the ranking member and others have raised some questions that we may want to get to the bottom of it to understand the situation in the classified setting where some of these questions can be answered so we get to the bottom line of what is taking place. So thank you for being here today. You have got a lot of work to do. You have a got a mess on your hands as far as all these bad guys all over the world, you know, causing mischief and taking the lives of innocents. So it is a tough assignment.    So, anyway, there may be some other questions that we have for you that we will put in writing and we will send to you, in addition to the possible classified setting.    So without objection, all the witnesses' prepared statements will be part of the record. Members will have 5 days to submit statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record subject to the length limitation and the rules.    And the subcommittee is adjourned.