    Dr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to make three points. The first is on the nature of the debt crisis and the potentially severe consequences of not dealing with it.    I was previously Chief Economist at the International Monetary Fund. I have worked on crises around the world for 30 years. There are, sadly, many similarities between the situation in Puerto Rico and some of the difficult situations we have experienced elsewhere in the world. But one feature that is absolutely unique is that this is 3.5 million American citizens and they can leave Puerto Rico and move to the 50 states, and they will leave Puerto Rico and move to the 50 states in increasing numbers unless and until the situation is dealt with.    So your tax base, as was just mentioned, is going to walk out the door. And if there is an excessive imposition of austerity, well, there is a much better deal waiting for these American citizens in Florida, or Texas, or Pennsylvania, including access to the minimum-wage laws, including access to the earned-income tax credit, including access to fully funded or better-funded Medicare and Medicaid.    The second point I would like to make is with regard to the oversight board. I think that part of the bill is very good, Mr. Bishop. I think, to Mr. Pierluisi's question, which is directly at the point, you have worked very hard and, I think, found a balance between effective oversight and maintaining sufficient sovereignty for the elected officials, the Governor, and the legislature of Puerto Rico.    I do have one reservation or concern, if I may express it. I know that there are a lot of compromises already that have been made, but you did make reference, Mr. Chairman, to U.S. precedents for this kind of situation. I thought that in the case of the District of Columbia, the control board members had been selected by the President of the United States in consultation with the leadership of the relevant committees. The structure that you have is a different one, and I worry about the potential for difficulties in appointment, for deadlock in decisionmaking, and, of course, for some difficult moments with regard to the venue of jurisdiction and, as Mr. Weiss said, some key moments in the restructuring process.    My third point is about the restructuring authority. And here, I am afraid--well, I am not afraid--I completely agree with Mr. Weiss and the Treasury Department, I think that this is not yet a sufficiently streamlined process. I think, as I think most of the panel would agree, that you want a process which encourages voluntary renegotiation. It also prevents holdouts, a significant number of creditors refusing to negotiate in good faith.    And those safeguards for the majority of the creditors as well as for the people of Puerto Rico, those safeguards have to be present in the process it leads up to, a court-run adjudication, when the matter is before the courts themselves, and when the restructuring has ended, when you exit from what we are not calling bankruptcy, but what is obviously inspired by some of the better parts of U.S. bankruptcy process.    I understand very well that the House is also considering and thinking about financial distress and potential bankruptcy for systemically important financial institutions, a completely different matter. But the parallel, Mr. Chairman, is this: that I think the Republican caucus has rightly considered the importance of making sure that everyone, every individual, every company, and every legal entity in the United States can go bankrupt or can go through the equivalent of a bankruptcy process with appropriate safeguards, with protections for creditors, and recognizing the traditions of the United States, but also not allowing deadlock, impasse, and debt restructuring to get stuck.    So, I really encourage you to work further on Title III and the subsequent titles to move that restructuring authority in that direction. I am confident, Mr. Bishop, that you can and will ultimately get to a good bill.    Thank you.    Dr. Johnson. I do not have that precise number, but it is a significant amount of austerity. This is not of the levels that we have seen in Greece, but it is certainly the level that we have seen, for example, in Portugal in the eurozone. So a 10- to 20-percent cut in effective social services.    And, of course, you see a lot of this in the availability of doctors who have left. You see it in the hospital services. You see it in the hospitals laying off. The length of lines have increased for these essential services. So, it is not all in the monetary numbers, Congressman, it is also in the quality of services and the availability of those services.    Dr. Johnson. I think you should ask the creditors' representatives for more precise numbers on their existing holdings. I think Mr. Kirpalani said that the mutual funds are holding 50 percent now, or no more than 50 percent of the debt. Presumably some is held by individuals, but the hedge funds are a significant portion of the remainder.    Dr. Johnson. I believe the Governor would have to choose to opt in to this minimum wage provision, as I read the bill. If that were the case, then I would be very worried about the consequences, Congresswoman, for exactly the reasons that you just articulated.    Dr. Johnson. Well, we were discussing, Congressman, a moment ago the cuts that have already been made since 2006, so that was a retrospective assessment. And, of course, the government payroll has also been cut over that same period as part of that.    Dr. Johnson. Again, I do not have those exact numbers with me, but we can look them up very easily.    Dr. Johnson. It is certainly above 10 percent. One of the concerns is the way in which those layoffs have impacted services, who has been laid off, and so on. But, again, that is a retrospective statement.    Dr. Johnson. No. I think what we were discussing, because of the nature of fiscal autonomy in Puerto Rico, is they have a different basis for their revenue. There are people who receive Medicare benefits and the people who pay into and receive Social Security.    Dr. Johnson. But they are not paying favorable income tax, as you know, and it is the collapse in local revenue, including the sales tax, that has had a significant impact on revenue.    Dr. Johnson. I cannot readily bring to mind any such jobs, Congressman.    Dr. Johnson. That is your tax base walking out the door or getting on the plane and flying to the mainland. And the more people that leave, of course, Congressman, the more relatives you already have, the more connections you have, the easier it is to get a job, so it is a self-reinforcing process that is already accelerating, as you said and as Mr. Weiss has said.    Dr. Johnson. Yes, of course. We need young people throughout the U.S. economy, including in Puerto Rico.    Dr. Johnson. I think that point was already made by Mrs. Torres. I think it is a very legitimate fear to consider, and I absolutely share it.    Dr. Johnson. I think that any young person who has the ability to leave will leave, and they will find a good job at a higher wage and better opportunities in the 50 states.    Dr. Johnson. If the Governor opts into it. You do have the safeguard that the Governor would have to own this. I don't know why any governor of Puerto Rico would opt into it, frankly.    Dr. Johnson. I agree with Mr. Weiss.    Dr. Johnson. It is a very difficult issue, Congressman. So, as you know, people who live in Puerto Rico pay payroll taxes, and they do receive Social Security. So there is a Federal dimension. But there are also government people who work for the government who receive government pensions. And those pensions are, without question, under pressure. And the pension fund, I believe, is out of cash or very nearly out of cash.    I think that what you say in legislation is that there has to be a sustainable fiscal plan. To Ms. Velazquez' point, I believe that what you have here is a governor with the right to design a plan making decisions, including about what happens to pensions. That plan has to be consistent with what the board regards to be sustainable, but that level of decision, I believe, if you were to pass this legislation, would still reside with the Governor and the legislature of Puerto Rico.    I don't have an easy answer. There are no easy answers. But that is a decision that will be made by the elected officials of Puerto Rico.    Dr. Johnson. No, Congresswoman, I don't think it is fair. In a previous hearing, I testified that my recommendation would be to move Puerto Rico toward the same fiscal relationship with the Federal Government that the 50 states have. I think that would be fair. That would be reasonable. You could separate it from the issue of statehood, although, obviously, it comes up in the context of statehood.    And, specifically, I wish that you were addressing the earned income tax credit in this legislation because that is one salient point that actually people on the right and the left generally agree on is a sensible program, and Puerto Rico, people who live and work in Puerto Rico do not have access to that, as you know.    Dr. Johnson. Well, Congresswoman, I had previously testified in a hearing of a subcommittee of this committee exactly in favor of those changes. I can send you that testimony if you don't have it readily available.    I do recognize that this is a political process here, and I recognize that not everything that everybody wants can be in this particular piece of legislation, but I think the Congress will have to come back to these issues or the closer related issues in the near future because encouraging and stimulating growth in Puerto Rico is going to remain an important priority. This bill is a first step, can become a first step, but I think you are going to have to do more.