    Mr. Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I was listening to Mr. Meeks' questions and I thought he was going to go somewhere else--I am over here, Mr. Castro. How are you doing? I thought he was going to go somewhere else with the Christmas analogy where stores lower prices to lure more customers in, and it is true, American consumers go and buy more. And then in January, they are slapped upside the head with massive credit card bills that they have a really hard time paying back. So they are enticed into low prices, but then they realize how hard it is to pay back some bad decisions they made in December. I think that is all too good of an analogy of what we are talking about today.    I want to go back to some of the questions that the chairman asked earlier. You are required by law, you have admitted it, to have a 2 percent capital reserve. You agree with that, right?    Mr. Duffy. And you are at about a quarter of that now, is that right?    Mr. Duffy. Okay, and is it your testimony today that by lowering your fee by 40 percent, that is going to allow you to more quickly get into compliance with the law?    Mr. Duffy. So decreasing your fees by 40 percent is not going to have any impact. How do you analyze that? What is the rationale?    Mr. Duffy. No, no, no. I heard you say that. But I am concerned when you are lowering your fee by 40 percent that your testimony is you have done the analysis and you are going to get there about the same time. What is the analysis, because I don't get that?    Mr. Duffy. No, no, that is not my question though. You have said that by lowering the fee, it is not going to affect your ability to get to that point of 2 percent any quicker. If you have done all of those great things, I applaud you for that, your recovery, and better underwriting standards. But if you had the current fee of 1.35 instead of .85, you would get there more quickly because in conjunction with the current fee, not the reduced fee, and all of the great reforms that you have had, we would get to 2 percent far more quickly, right?    Mr. Duffy. But that is our point. You are in violation of the law. You should do everything you can to get into compliance with the law. And reducing those fees at a time when you are not in compliance, for us, really rubs us the wrong way. We don't like it.    I am going to switch gears on you. I have been on this committee for a little over 4 years and I have heard a lot of my colleagues across the aisle talk about the financial crisis. And they are able to talk about real stories from their communities. Oftentimes, these communities are minority communities who have been hit hard, where people who bought homes they couldn't afford have lost those homes. And now they have lost their homes, they have been financially wrecked, and they are out on the street. Right? And I just heard you testify that half of the loans you guarantee are African-American borrowers, and a quarter of them are Hispanic borrowers, is that correct?    Mr. Duffy. Is there any correlation between the fact that in the crisis it is Hispanics and African-Americans you see getting hurt, who we hear about on this committee, but it is the very policies that you are advocating for that are getting these same folks in the homes that they can't afford. You don't see that correlation?    Mr. Duffy. Did FHA avoid the crisis in 2008, the financial crisis?    Mr. Duffy. I didn't ask that.    Mr. Duffy. In 80 years, you know how financial crises can affect FHA and can affect home consumers. So following on Mr. Garrett, low downpayments, low credit scores, which concerns us, but the qualified mortgage put out by the CFPB, is that to protect consumers or protect banks?    Mr. Duffy. Answer the question. Who is it for?    Mr. Duffy. Protect consumers or protect banks?    Mr. Duffy. Consumers. I hope that Mr. Cordray would agree with you that he is trying to protect consumers. I have some disagreements with Mr. Cordray, but on this one, he is saying he is trying to protect consumers and not banks. Why is it good for everybody else to follow the QM rule and protect consumers, but you at FHA, you don't have to follow the same--    Mr. Duffy. Are you committed to following the QM rule now? Yes?    Mr. Duffy. I will take that as a ``no.''