    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. General Taylor, thank you for your service.    I want to go back to your very first remarks that you began this hearing with. You were talking about your concerns with the budget in homeland security. You know, there is a dangerous game of chicken that is going on right now, where in reaction to the President's immigration efforts, the reaction has been to threaten withholding of the very funding that protects our homeland security.    Now, I don't think in the minds of the public they think there will be an absolute cutting of--out those funds, because that would be so radical a reaction. I don't think they think that is feasible. However, my point is, the reaction of going from these stop-gap budgets, continuing resolutions from month to month, backwards and forwards, that presents real limits on what you can do itself.    So, I want you to focus on the fact that, forget about for a second the threat of just the cutting off of those funds. Right now the way you are functioning is a threat to your ability to deal with our security.    Could you talk to that important point, I believe?    Mr. Keating. I thank you for that. I just don't want it lost as we are talking about all these things today that we should be doing, that you are limited right now and able--you are limited in being able to address those things because of this stop-gap or continuing resolution approach that just keeps going on.    Along those lines, one of the programs that I am interested in, particularly that Director Rasmussen talked about in general, was a program with Los Angeles, Minneapolis, and Boston. Some of the UASI money is going to fund that, and it is joint with homeland and with the Justice Department in general. It is the effort dealing with the National strategy on empowering local partners to prevent violent extremism.    To me, that is a critical point going forward, too. I see it right in my own home State in Boston, in our ability to deal with that.    Director, could you comment on that, and any other witnesses?    Mr. Keating. Yes, this committee has done much work, particularly in light of the Boston Marathon bombing, in showing the multiplier effect of dealing with our local, and State, and county resources and assets in there. So, that is why it is important.    Very quickly, one other point with the Passenger Name Record information. I mean, it spent 2013 in the European parliament that that has languished. It is great to hear a corporation with the United States and our allies is going great, but they are not talking to each other. Without that, we have a problem.    Can you see any changes, or recommend any changes, should this stalemate continue with the Visa Waiver program?    Mr. Keating. Within the European Union and parliament in dealing with this.    Mr. Keating. Right.    Mr. Keating. I agree with you, but I wanted to hear your comments in that regard, because there has been some discussion on changing that. But I think really we compromise our security in doing that.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.