    Mr. Rohrabacher. I call to order this hearing of the Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats Subcommittee. As we begin today, I want to note that Congressman Meeks, the subcommittee's ranking member, is not with us today. He is recovering from a small, a minor, heart attack. We are grateful, very, very grateful, that it is a small one, and that he is on his way to recovery. He is on the mend, and we are looking forward to having him back with us very soon. I know I speak for all my colleagues, and we wish him the very, very best.    Turning the topic to this afternoon's hearing, I want to apologize for being late, but that is what happens when you have to do these hearings around votes.    The topic of this afternoon's hearing is a massive and increasing tide of asylum seekers, economic vibrance, stateless persons, and displaced people who have been and continue to enter Europe as we have seen, all seen, in the videos and news reports.    Migrants fleeing to Europe, they have been an issue of humanitarian concern for several years, but a wave of immigration erupted into a tsunami this summer, when the German Government announced it would ignore the Dublin rules and accept all Syrian refugees that made it to the German border. That announcement opened the gates for a flow of people to move from North Africa, the Middle East, and even Asia to transit through Greece, Turkey, the Balkans, and northward into Europe. With some notable exceptions, countries have simply facilitated the movement of migrants through their territory as quickly as possible, sometimes working to register the asylum seekers and sometimes not.    While individual stories of tragedy and humanitarian need are compelling, the aggregate number of people on the move is overwhelming. Earlier this week, the United Nations announced that 218,000 migrants crossed the Mediterranean Sea to Europe just last month. That is more than were recorded in all of 2014. It is expected that around 1 million asylum seekers of all origins will reach Germany in this year alone.    Germany and the EU are deeply divided about how to stem the flow of migrants, and what to do with those who have already entered. Clearly, what we have seen over the past few months is unsustainable, and if not checked, will change the fundamental nature of European countries, which are now being inundated.    What we are witnessing is the destruction of western civilization, not by an armed invasion, but instead, through envelopment. The effects of this will not soon disappear, but instead, could well turn out to be an historic change in the nature of many European countries.    Europe has been struggling to assimilate large Muslim populations, they have seen this in Europe. Increasing examples of anti-Semitism and radical Islamic violence clearly speak to the challenge of integration and the risk of failure in this situation. And that was before, of course, all of these--what we are talking about, these reports of this violence, and anti-Semitism, was before the current flow of immigrants began. Chancellor Merkel is full of confidence that Germany can educate, train, and turn refugees into productive and contributing members of society, but that is a tall task by any measure.    Even the most optimistic scenarios say that Europe will have to redirect billions and billions of dollars from supporting their own citizens, to accommodating the needs of these refugees.    I hope in our conversation today. We can examine and discuss, the massive influx of people into the Europe and what will be the consequences for European society, culture, and political institutions.    Without objection, all members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions and extraneous materials for the record.    And I now will turn to Mr. Sires, who will give us his opening statement.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Does anyone else have an opening statement?    Judge Poe.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Weber, do you have an opening statement?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Good to go?    Mr. Rohrabacher. And I notice Ms. Frankel is as well.    Let me note that before we start, we have with us the distinguished Ambassador from Hungary. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate that.    And let me just say that Hungary has been a tremendous friend and asset to the peace and stability of the world, and I am personally upset that our administration has sought to find out and try to complain about every little thing they disagree with, with Hungary. Hungary has every right to set their own policies, and I am pleased that Hungary has a track record of doing good things with the United States. So we thank you.    This is also the anniversary of the Hungarian revolution. And all of us who fought communism for decades were inspired by the young people and others who rose up against the communist dictatorship in Budapest back in 1956. So that is--is that 60 years?    Mr. Rohrabacher. I was there. That was a little bit later.    But anyway, with that said, we have two really fine witnesses with us today. I would ask if you could try to get it to 5 minutes, and then we will have a nice dialogue on that.    I would like to introduce Dr. Gary Shiffman. He is a professor of security studies, Department of Georgetown University. His work focuses on exploring the relationship between economics and national security. Dr. Shiffman is also the founder of Giant Oak Incorporated, a company that meets the demand for social science-driven innovation in big data environments like institutions countering organized crime, money laundering, trafficking, insurgency, and terrorism. It is a pleasure to have Dr. Shiffman here to speak with us on this very important topic.    Also, we have with us Dr. V. Bradley Lewis. He serves as associate professor in the School of Philosophy at Catholic University of America, where he has taught for nearly two decades. He also serves as associate editor of the American Journal of Jurisprudence. Dr. Lewis specializes in political philosophy, Plato, legal philosophy, and natural law theory. We are delighted to have Dr. Lewis with us today.    And, again, I ask if Dr. Lewis and Dr. Shiffman could keep it to about 5 minutes, and we will have a nice dialogue. So thank you very much.    Dr. Shiffman, Gary, you may go first.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You have to push the button.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Lewis.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, thank you very much.    Mr. Rohrabacher. This has been more philosophical than I expected, but that is fine.    I wonder, Mr. Lewis, do you think that Merkel reads Aristotle? Is that part of what the decisionmaking process, or do you think people there are just trying to cope with a crisis of the moment?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Dr. Shiffman, do you see this influx, and it was interesting you went down to an analysis of when violence happens, and when you put these factors together that we now see as the new reality in Europe, is by your analysis, is that then going to be--that will result in violence one way or the other in the months and years to come?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, we did see, here in our own country, where we had some people, young men, who immigrated from Chechnya and leaving their roots behind to come here to live in a freer and more benevolent society and ended up committing a brutal act of terrorism and murdering some of our fellow citizens.    In terms of prefacing your remarks, stemming the flow, I, just for the record, I think that Hungary was totally justified in what it is doing to try to stem the flow. And, frankly, if our European allies are not willing to stem the flow of large numbers of people who are not native to their territory, they will lose their territory.    And let me note, I believe that is true of the United States as well. And we can be proud that we bring in 1 million people, immigrants, into our country every year, more than every other country of the world combined in terms of legal immigration, but we are making sure that--as you noted in your testimony, that we have a screening process, and we are bringing people in who then can be enculturated and assimilated into our society. That is, according to your testimony will, I will say, minimize the chance of some kind of damage.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I don't think that is possible in Europe. Do you have a comment on what is going on there now in relationship--are these going to be on assimilated populations which will then lead to violence? I will turn to both of you.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Would you like to comment on that, Dr. Lewis?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, we, of course, have a culture that is a multi--we accept everybody in. That is what our culture is all about, is being proud of the individual rights that people have in terms of their own backgrounds. So that is not necessarily what keeps the European cultures together, their belief in--our belief in liberty and our belief in human rights, are supposed to be something that units us as Americans. In other areas, they have cultural elements that unit them as a people, a particular religion and some particular customs that they have.    I think that Europe, frankly, this massive influx is going to be, as I mentioned in my opening statement, I believe is going to change the very nature of Europe. And we have seen an historic event, and I believe based on the fact that people are not courageous enough to control their own borders will soon lose their country. There will be some other people there, and people who will have different values and different cultures, and that could happen in the United States as well.    With that said, Mr. Sires, would you like to have your time?    Would you like to use my microphone here?    Mr. Rohrabacher. There you go.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. Let's just note that Cuban-Americans have done pretty well, and they have done so well in assimilating that I predict that there will be a Cuban-American that is President of the United States, but I won't tell you which one.    And let me also just note here, when we were talking about the assimilation of people in the United States in the last 50 years during the Cold War. I mentioned the Hungarian uprising. The people who came here during the Cold War, and there were many, many people who were escaping communism came here. They came here and helped us to thwart this evil theory of communism that threatened world peace. Their assimilation helped us, as Americans, understand when our neighbors saying oh, my gosh, they won't even let people worship God the way they want in communist countries, that alerted the American people to a threat.    Unfortunately, what it appears, that many of the people who are arriving here from the Middle East, who are Islamic, are not here as enemies of the radical Islam that drove them here. And, in fact, just the opposite. Sometimes you have people who come here and expect that they are going to have their women covered up. And quite frankly, I think that is an insult to our values as a people, and not to mention people who come here from Islamic countries who think they can still have honor killings and things such as this.    That's not assimilation, and that is a threat to--and on top of it, unlike the Cubans, who came here, who are enemies of communism, these people aren't necessarily enemies--well they are not enemies at all of Islam. And I am not saying people of Islam is the enemy, but certainly radical Islam is. And anybody who comes here should be part of the team. And I could say, Cuban-Americans, we are proud of you guys. I mean, Cuban-Americans have do so much for our country as so many of our immigrants that are coming from elsewhere, like your father from--your father-in-law from Italy and such.    And I will leave that with Judge Poe, who has got some insights for us as well.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Ms. Frankel.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. Thank you very much.    Mr. Weber.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much. Just a few thoughts--and, Mr. Sires, do you have a 1-minute or so, 2-minute closing statement?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Use this microphone.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, thank you very much. Thank you for the witnesses.    And just a few thoughts, that the massive influx and out-of-control influx that we see in Europe is not simply a European phenomena, although I believe that one of the factors that we have to look at, historic factors in Europe, that Europe lost tens of millions of young men in World War I and World War II. And during that time period, those young men disappeared from the population equation, thus, the children of the people who were prevented from having children because they died at a younger age, and their children don't exist.    And you go right down how many people exist, Europe would probably have many more, maybe hundreds of millions, maybe 100 million more people had those people killed in these vicious wars not been eliminated from the equation. And thus, we see a Europe that is underpopulated now from what it would have been except for war. During that time period, there wasn't a massive war of extermination going on in the Middle East, and in the Muslim parts of the world.    That is bound to--you also see the effect of abortion on Europe. Abortion has been a major factor in limiting the population in Europe. And, again, the babies that have been aborted in the last 50 years don't have children who don't have children, and thus you have a shrinkage of population going on. With that, we face a population where we have people who were having families of six and seven and eight people. And when you have societies juxtaposed like that, you are going to have--it is going to have an impact, and we are seeing it now.    And so with that said, that massive influx, however, should not be looked at as only a possible European situation. In the United States, I believe this influx was started when Merkel decided that she would then change the policy, and anybody who could get to Germany, they were going to take them in. Well, when that word went out, all of a sudden trying to stop the flow of immigrants illegally into Europe became untenable. That is the same dynamic at play in the United States.    When the people, the poor people of the world figure out that they can come here, and once they get here, they are going to be able to get a job, they are going to be able to get government benefits just like everybody else, there will be the out of control massive inflow that Europe has had right now, to the point that it might change or undermine the basic cultural elements that unite all of us. And that is a great threat.    We should be taking a lesson here, because whether it is--and I am not just talking about--most people--unfortunately, the immigration debate has been focused on Mexico, and this is not a Mexican problem. This is an idea that once the word goes out to the world, we have a major illegal immigration from China now and in Asia, we also have people from all over Latin America. And if we put out the same message that Merkel put out for her country, we will have the same out of control influx into our society, and we are on the edge of that right now. So let us learn the lesson of Europe.    Thank you for joining us and giving us your insights, both philosophically and practically. And with that said, this hearing--one moment. I am going to announce one thing. At the close of the hearing, I thought I would announce tomorrow I will be submitting a piece of legislation that suggests that those people in Middle Eastern countries that are now suffering from radical Islamic terrorism, those countries in which Christians have been targeted for genocide, that when it comes to immigration and refugee status, that those Christians, who are targeted for genocide, will have priority over other people in trying to find refuge in the United States. I will be dropping that bill tomorrow.    Thank you very much. This hearing is adjourned.