    Ms. Davis. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Royce, very much, and Ranking Member Engel and committee members. It is a great honor to be invited to testify here at this hearing on ``Women and Technology: Increasing Opportunity and Driving International Development.''    The efforts of the committee to ensure that women and girls are included and have the same opportunities as men and boys around the world are so appreciated, especially when it comes to the Internet. I have spent most of my adult life advocating for women and girls as a trustee for the Women's Sports Foundation, as chair of the California Commission on the Status of Women and Girls, as an official partner with U.N. Women, and, as the chairman mentioned, ITU's Special Envoy for Women and Girls and ICTs.    The empowerment of women and girls is an issue I am extremely passionate about, and it is why I founded my research institute, which studies gender in children's media to help women and girls to be seen, and heard, and valued across the globe. Technology is having a huge impact on my community, the entertainment industry, in terms of how content creators are using digital platforms to not only serve as the gateway for delivering movies and television programming, but also for the creation of new ways of building global communities.    And the Internet is having a profound impact on how the world engages with media, and can provide endless opportunities to empower women and girls, and to help create a systemic cultural shift by improving how they are portrayed and represented. These are the tools that will ultimately raise the value of women and girls in society.    My institute has sponsored the largest body of research ever done on gender images in children's media, covering over a 20-year span, and we worked side by side with the leading content creators to dramatically improve how women and girls are represented in media targeting children 11 and under. Our study of the careers of female characters in family films and in prime time in children's TV, conducted by Dr. Stacy Smith of the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism, shows that women are missing from critical occupational sectors, such as the STEM fields.    Out of nearly 6,000 speaking characters in family films, males held 84 percent of all STEM jobs. This calculates to a ratio of five male STEM characters for every one female STEM character. No female leads or co-leads were shown with STEM careers. Looking across the categories of computer science and engineering, the ratio of males to females in these areas was 14.25 to 1. And in television, characters with STEM jobs were 79 percent male, and 21 percent female.    The vast gender inequality in media aimed at children is extremely significant as television and movie images wield enormous influence on how cultures perceive the value of women and girls, and in establishing societal norms. Improving these perceptions can be the real game-changer in achieving greater empowerment and participation of girls and women in the technology sector.    My institute's tag line is: ``If they see it, they can be it.'' Technology has tremendous potential to transform women's and girls' lives, whether through STEM career choices, or by access to services such as e-health, e-education, e-commerce, e-banking, and other applications that can help women and girls address their day-to-day challenges. We need to vastly improve the gender divide. As the chairman pointed out, there were 200 million fewer women online than men at the end of 2013. We need to bridge the opportunities gap. Women earned only 18 percent of U.S. computer science degrees. Women make up less than 20 percent of the U.S. ITC workforce, and only 30 percent of the European ICT workforce. This cannot stand, given the predicted skills shortfall in the ICT sector of at least 2 million jobs globally by 2020.    Encouraging women and girls to pursue careers in tech is critical to closing the economic gender gap. Studies from the ITU have demonstrated that companies that have a gender balance of women working in high-level positions on corporate boards have shown improved financial results. Women and girls will seek the skills to pursue these career opportunities if they can see other women in these roles and be inspired by them. The lack of real-world female role models in tech careers means that it is imperative for fictional female characters in STEM fields to be shown in entertainment media aimed at children.    Technology, and particularly broadband, will be absolutely crucial for achieving all 17 of the U.N. sustainable development goals, and all three pillars of sustainable development: Economic development, social inclusion, and environmental protection. They need technology as key catalysts.    We have the opportunity to ensure that women and girls are fully included in the expansion of the digital world, and that their voices and presence are shaping the agenda of meeting SDG-5, which addresses gender equality.    Access to digital technology will be key to meeting this goal by providing women with the means to educate themselves and their children, to improve their own health and the health of their families and communities, to start their own businesses, to keep themselves safe, and to innovate to shape the future that they want.    Because I am privileged to live in this country as the mother of three children, I can encourage them to engage in any type of interest that they may want to pursue. I want to see a world where all children have the same possibilities and opportunities; a world where women and girls are valued equally to men and boys, and have the freedom to pursue and achieve their dreams.    Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel, once again, thank you very much for this opportunity to testify.    Ms. Davis. Absolutely. You are right. Eighty percent of the media consumed globally is made in the United States. My institute has also researched--done the first global gender-in-film study, and it is--the representations are no better in foreign films as far as women in these fields. And the importance of it is, I can't overemphasize how powerful media images are. And they can be in both a positive and a negative way. For example, there being far too much stereotyping and hyper-sexualization of female characters. That is obviously negative. But if you show female characters doing nontraditional and important things, the message comes across clearly.    The most interesting example I have of that is in our study of the careers of television female characters. One of the most well-represented professions was women in forensic science. There are so many female forensic scientists on TV because of the CSI shows and everything, that I don't have to work to get more representation there. And in real life, the numbers of women wanting to pursue this career has absolutely skyrocketed. I think about 75 percent of people wanting to study this field are female, and colleges are scrambling to keep up with the demand for the courses. So it just shows what I mentioned earlier, the words we live by is, ``If girls can see it, they can be it.'' Because we fail to have enough real-life female role models in these fields, in the STEM fields and ICT, we need them on screen so that girls can see that, and we need them in great numbers as well. We have to have boys and girls see that women are good at science and good at engineering and math, and that that is viable for them.    Ms. Davis. I think a tremendous amount is attributable to unconscious gender bias. If everyone is raised in a culture that doesn't show that women take up half the space in the world, that doesn't show that women do half of the interesting things, men and women internalize an unconscious bias that most of us don't realize the extent of how much we have that. And so that needs to be overcome through education and through seeing women involved in this. But it is something that is inhibiting progress in so many sectors of society, and particularly in this one. So people just aren't aware of the unconscious bias they have against women in these kinds of positions.    Ms. Davis. Thank you. Yes, so I have been doing this about 10 years. My institute has sponsored the largest amount of research ever done on gender depictions in children's media. And the reason I wanted the data was I wanted to be able to go directly to my colleagues in the industry. So rather than taking on the mantle of educating the public, because I have access to the creators of children's media, I can just go directly to them with this information. And it has proven to be invaluable.    So many creators were simply not aware of how bereft of female presence the movies and television they made for kids was. In the area of television, we looked at all of the different sectors, prime time, and daytime, and reality, but children's programs has the worst ratio of male to female characters. And that is true in family film ratings, also have about the same ratio of male to female characters. And so they are shocked. They are absolutely shocked. And I think we can attribute that to everyone having the same unconscious gender bias. We were all raised on the same ratio of male to female characters.    In film, the ratio of male to female has been exactly the same since 1946. So it is in all of us, this idea that women do not take up half the space in the world, and that they do not do half of the interesting things. And as we mentioned earlier, 80 percent of the media consumed globally is created in the United States. So we are, in fact, responsible for exporting a very negative impression of women around the world.    Ms. Davis. Right.    Ms. Davis. Right.    Ms. Davis. Right.    Ms. Davis. It really is. And the remarkable thing is how unconscious so much--people literally didn't think about this until we had the numbers. In fact, before I had the numbers and I spoke to people in my industry, very often they would say, oh, no, no, no, no, that has been fixed. That has all been fixed. And they would name a movie with one female character----    Ms. Davis . As proof that gender and equality had been fixed. So they were not aware that the populations were so bereft of female presence. And, so, there is definitely a shift in their consciousness, and we untapped a tremendous desire to do right by women and girls, but now they understand in what ways they need to do that. And we haven't been able to measure yet an increase in the percentage of female characters.    As of 2014, it is still exactly the same. But I feel very confident predicting that within 5 years, the needle will move for the first time in nearly seven decades.    Ms. Davis. Absolutely.    Ms. Davis. Right.    Ms. Davis. Right.    Ms. Davis. Absolutely. Thank you very much. We find that the more hours of television a boy watches, the more sexist his views become. And that a girl's perceptions of what she can be in life goes down the more media she consumes. So it is a very negative and important message that comes through for children. We always emphasize that it is equally important for boys to see women and girls engaged in unstereotyped activities, to be engaged in the STEM fields.    My theory of everything, and why I am focused on what kids see first, is that we are, in effect, creating a problem that we have to try to solve later on. We are instilling gender bias in boys and girls from the very first entertainments that they consume, and the first popular culture they are exposed to.    So that is why I am so focused on what boys and girls see in the beginning. And it will change everything, I think, if we can have kids grow up free of these biases, that we would be looking at a different world when that happens. And that is why it is important around the world that we spread this message, and we show women and girls taking up the space that is rightfully theirs.    Ms. Davis. Right.    Ms. Davis. Thank you.    Ms. Davis. Hopefully not to become assassins.    Ms. Davis. No. No, you know, I agree with what they said. I am not an expert in that field, but it makes a lot of sense.    Ms. Davis. Thank you.    Ms. Davis. Well, it is incredibly important. And like you said, the value of having a mother who is educated is not only important in their self-esteem, in their presence, but also, the more a mother is empowered, a woman will invest 90 percent of her income back into the community and to her family and to everyone's health and well-being. And so it is an incredibly powerful tool that we have to empower the mothers and the women in developing countries to have this knowledge, have access--the more access to the knowledge that will empower them, the better.    Ms. Davis. Right. Thank you. Yes, definitely we are making great strides. I am really heartened by the response to the research. It was before we had the research that I found that people were, even creators of content, were unaware of how few female characters they were including in their products, but once they know or once they can engage with the research, they are very motivated to want to make change.    We did a survey of everyone who has heard my presentation in Hollywood in our industry, and 68 percent said what they learned had changed two or more of their projects, and 41 percent said it had changed four or more of their projects. So we are very excited about that. There is lots of movies and TV shows that have come out that we know that we have impacted. And it is something that is very simple. For example, we were at an animation studio, and I mentioned that in some G-rated films, crowd scenes are made up of only 17 percent female characters, and--you know, which makes no sense in the 21st century that we would be showing kids that much imbalance.    And at the meeting, the head of the studio said, hey, guys--because it was 99 percent men around the table--could we just stop doing that? Could we just agree right here that we are going to make crowds 50 percent? And they all said, of course, because it was so unconscious. So I think a tremendous amount of our work is done simply by awareness. And as you suggested, it is not a confrontational way that I approach the studios at all, it is as a colleague in a very private and supportive environment, and we partner with them basically to bring it to the front of their minds, and it seems to be working, so I am very optimistic.    Ms. Davis. Thank you.    Ms. Davis. Well, I didn't die. I only was--I had a----    Ms. Davis . A brain tumor and then I went blind, but I didn't die, no.    Ms. Davis. Yeah. Absolutely. So research shows that films about women or directed by women, are equally successful once you adjust for the budget, but it is something that people are hesitant to embrace. There is this belief in Hollywood that women will watch men, but men won't watch women, so our hands are tied. That is why I don't talk to them about making more female stars, I say whatever you are already making, add more women to the population. And the interesting thing is, there is a test called the Bechdel Test, which has a very low threshold; it is, are there at least two women who talk to each other about something other than men, and you would be amazed how many films do not pass this test. However, a study has shown that films that do pass that test make more money.    So there is definitely evidence that adding more female characters is not only a good idea for our population, but is a profitable idea as well.    Ms. Davis. I would just say that I think there is so little encouragement for women in this field that--you know, there was a study at Yale not too long ago where they sent out resumes from--it was actually a woman's resume to apply for a position in the science department at colleges, and they--so they sent out identical resumes except the first name was changed on some of them to a male first name, and it turned out that the man got far more offers for a position at a higher salary and he was judged to be more likable and somebody that you would want to work with.    So in the face of that, that your teachers from grade school on and your professors in college have bias against women in the STEM fields, it kind of makes sense that that is reflected in how many women pursue it, how many--you know, that we are not making--sorry we should have made--been building on----    Ms. Davis. Right, right.    Ms. Davis. Right, right.    Ms. Davis. Yeah. We just need a cultural shift as far as this is concerned, and this hearing is bringing a lot of attention to it, which I think is very welcome.