    Mr. Byrne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate my colleagues saying we should not ignore established laws.    Mr. Mix, isn't it a fact that the established law that is at issue here is the Taft-Hartley Act? And the provision that it has, it says that states can choose to enact their own right-to-work laws and those right-to-work laws are enforceable. Isn't that the established law that is in issue today?    Mr. Mix. Yes, that is right. Section 14(b) is one of those unique sections that allow a state to get out from under the federal preemption as it relates to the National Labor Relations Act and allow them to outlaw union security agreements that require workers to pay dues or fees to get new jobs.    Mr. Byrne. And in taking briefs in this case, as the Labor Board is doing, seems to me to be an effort to go right in the teeth of what that established law says by saying well, we are not going to make you join the union. But since the union has to represent you in the grievance process, whether you want them to or not, we are going to make you, an individual citizen of this country, we are going to force you to pay that union to do that. Isn't that an end-run around the established Taft-Hartley law?    Mr. Mix. Absolutely. I think the briefs in cases since that time indicate that very fact.    Mr. Byrne. So isn't the real issue here today that we have got this 800-ton gorilla, the big unions in America that want to throw their weight around and take freedom and liberty away from individual citizens like Mr. Hewitt and force them to pay these unions money because the unions are losing membership and they are losing money? Isn't that what this is really all about?    Mr. Mix. I think so.    Mr. Byrne. So, Mr. Chairman, we come to these things and I hear people say well, we don't know what the Labor Board is gonna do. I know what the Labor Board is gonna do. Every time we come in here we say we don't know what they are gonna do. We all know what they are gonna do. They got three people on that board and they are gonna do whatever the labor unions want them to do.    Now, heretofore, what they have done, Mr. Mix, I think is they have changed precedent as established by case law by the Labor Board. This, however, would be going into the teeth of a congressional statute. Isn't that the difference?    Mr. Mix. That is correct. I think that courts have ruled and briefs have ruled that in order for this to be changed, you have got to come to Congress.    Mr. Byrne. And instead what they are trying to do is go around Congress, because they know that we are not going to do what we want them to do.    I was listening to the testimony from Mr. Bruno. Mr. Bruno, you said that businesses don't cite right-to-work laws as reasons to locate a business. I have talked with dozens and dozens and dozens of businesses who have considered coming to the state of Alabama, a right-to-work state.    Every time they mention two things. They never talk to me about incentives, by the way. They talk about the quality of your workforce. And I am proud to say we have got great workers in Alabama, as I know you do, Governor, in Nebraska. And the second thing they say is your labor laws, particularly the fact that you are a right-to-work state.    Where in the world are you getting your information that business people don't take that into account?    Mr. Byrne. Then why are all these people--why are the states--you just heard the Chairman give the data. Why are these states that have right-to-work laws, why are they growing? Why is employment growing in those statements and not in states that don't have right-to-work laws?    Mr. Byrne. Well, if you--we are running out of time. But please send me those--    Mr. Byrne. I am going to go to the economic development conference in my state in a few weeks here. And I am gonna show them your research and I can't wait to see their reaction.    Last thing I want to go over with you. You said that wages are going down for people in right-to-work states. Go look at Alabama's data. Since we have shed unions, our workers' wages have gone steadily up. And our workers are voting with their feet by going to these employers that are nonunionized because they are better places to work, where they get better wages, wages that people in Alabama have never been able to dream of. And when they keep bringing these union elections back to people like Austal Shipyard in my district, the employees say we don't want it.    And, Mr. Chairman, I don't think we should make those people pay a dime to a union if they don't want to. Thank you, sir, I yield back.