    Mr.  Modell. Chairman Fitzpatrick, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the task force, good morning. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. Terrorism financing has become one of the most pressing national security challenges. Yet, in my opinion, the plans, programs, and practitioners are falling short of where they need to be. My contention today is simple: many in the U.S. Government know just enough to be dangerous about finance or transnational organized crime but not enough to significantly impact crime or terror organizations.    For the past decade or so, the U.S. Government has attempted to develop a professional cadre of law enforcement agents, civilian and military intelligence officers, analysts, and others to pursue a new field of operations which has been called counter threat finance. Their purpose was to effectively counter the financial and logistical depth and sustain the capacity of our adversaries who are engaged in irregular warfare. It was thought that hitting the finances, financiers, and illicit networks would become an important means of warfare. But progress has been limited.    Looking ahead, it would serve us well to take an agency-by-agency account of what we collectively know about terrorism finance, an audit of each agency's CTF track record and current trajectory, and ways to either add or pare down their respective roles and missions as part of a whole-of-government approach. This should not seek to bring all agencies together all the time. Threat mitigation working groups or interagency task forces and the like are usually stood up with the best of intentions and may last for a while but often end with poor results.    A few of my recommendations today include the following: Number one, we need a detailed and comprehensive starting point for ourselves and for our liaison partners. We need to agree on how to better prosecute a results-dependent intelligence and law enforcement campaign, not just a series of one-off strikes, arrests, or asset recruitments. The way to begin is by building a CTF order of battle that maps key networks on a global scale, along with a tactically flexible and transnational plan of attack.    Number two, I say we need to take the gloves off. I think that intelligence collection, law enforcement actions, and even covert action must take place inside some of the worst financial havens and terrorist-enabling states such as Kuwait, Qatar, and Lebanon. Too many U.S. missions around the world maintain an ultra-cautious posture when it comes to investigations, arrests, and other operational activities inside countries where financial terrorism targets are active.    A prime example is Hezbollah. We too often avoid operations against Hezbollah's illicit financial apparatus inside Lebanon because we don't want to destabilize the Lebanese banking system or embarrass corrupt Lebanese government officials who work alongside Hezbollah.    Number three, we need to develop career professionals who better understand finance and transnational organized crime. To attack prime terror pipelines that run through the international trade and banking system, we need to have more officers who have hands-on expertise to be able to think creatively in this space in order to understand the constantly evolving illicit trade craft and sophistication employed by truly transnational organizations. This requires basic and advanced training in international finance banking and trade, of which there is not nearly enough today.    Number four, I think we need to rebuild the operational capacity of our Treasury attaches, start by taking complete after-action account of OFAC designations on key target sets, starting with Iran. If you want to put Treasury on a war footing, it needs to better understand precisely how our sanctions designations and so forth have affected banks, investment companies, exchange houses, and other financial nodes of terrorist networks, how those entities and individuals have countered, and the degrees to which they have been disrupted, dismantled, or destroyed.    Stronger Treasury force should be engaged in up-close and personal investigations of banks, hawalas, exchange houses, and others that continue to operate even after being designated. The last two things I would suggest are, one, information operations, usually reserved for the military, but it is a capability that I think could be used effectively in the CTF realm. To magnify the impact of CTF law enforcement operations, information operations should use U.S. and local media outlets to expose terrorists and their supporters, educate publics that are largely unaware of how terrorists move money through corrupt financial systems, and warn them of the consequences of abetting terrorists. Information operations can also be used to positively bolster the reputation of foreign police, intel and military efforts, or to negatively embarrass governments, companies, and individual collaborators.    Finally, I would say the Rewards for Justice Program--in my experience, money is probably the single biggest incentive to sources, facilitators, and testifiers who assist U.S. law enforcement investigations and operations or intelligence operations, for that matter. I think we need to think about how to use Rewards for Justice in a much more creative way as a tool to motivate not only individual sources, but also our foreign liaison partners. A coalition of well-intentioned states, which I think we have, that is based on a common aversion to transnational organized crime is good, but it will only go so far. I think we will have a lot more success when it is linked to potential financial reward. Thank you.    Mr.  Modell. Again, I think Congress needs to look very closely at covert authorities to reexamine the possibility of going beyond the military. One of the things I mentioned was looking at ways of better using resources overseas, giving Treasury and law enforcement the authority it needs to work closely with the military to actually magnify the impact of CTF operations overseas. A lot of it has to do with education overseas, awareness. And I think that the ability to operate with just relying entirely on financial intelligence units simply isn't enough.    Mr.  Modell. In my experience, they are much more diplomatically inclined. They are representatives. And they are not involved to the degree they need to be in rolling up their sleeves and doing day-to-day investigations. They don't have the support. They don't have the coverage. And they don't have the resources.    Mr.  Modell. In my brief experience in working with DOD, the answer to that question, I think, in short is this is brute force on the ground, doing the things that you just referred to. This isn't them penetrating banks in Switzerland. This requires brute force. You have to take a very close look at the DOD processes that are involved in getting the proper authorities for taking action, kinetic action, against legitimate targets in country. And I think it is too cumbersome to get to key targets in places like Syria where, again, you have a terrorist force that is exercising its will by brute force and terrorism. So, for me, it is a military authorities issue to a large degree.    Mr.  Modell. I think there is enough information about validated targets to actually reduce the potential for collateral damage. It is just a matter, to a large degree, from what I heard, of political will to actually go forward and do things on the ground.    Mr.  Modell. One of the biggest things that I have been asking myself as I am looking at the Iran deal and I am looking at it play out and wondering how the implementation is going to go, assuming we get that far, is how are you going to recalibrate our own government resources overseas to figure out if they are cheating, if they are not cheating, if they are going to go back to doing what they have done for so long, which is their own whole-of-government approach? It uses the private sector. It uses charities. It uses banks. So what you are talking about is a massive problem. So for Congress to figure, to start thinking about what is it the U.S. Government can better do to figure out how Iran is going to honor its agreement or not. We need to start thinking about all of our existing relationships with financial intelligence units, all the ways in which, whether it is the FBI or the agency overseas, how they are collecting, what they are collecting on, how they are going to work with the IAEA. The reintegration of Iranian banks causes a huge problem because that illicit apparatus hasn't gone away. It was frozen. When it is unfrozen, it is going to go back to doing what it did before, to a large degree.    Mr.  Modell. We did a number of things with DEA and a couple of other government agencies looking at the way that Hezbollah runs transnational organized crime, particularly trade-based money laundering. And we were looking at the ways that they were working with the Iranians running money through correspondent accounts through the United States. We were looking at it from a very operational perspective, correspondent baking accounts emerged as a clear target set that we need to do more against. From a legislative perspective, I have to apologize, I don't have any recommendations specific for you.    Mr.  Modell. I think that--one of the biggest oversights of the agreement is exactly that. If we are going to go forward and try to figure out how to build a compliance and verification mechanism on Iran's nuclear program, in other words, are they going to live by the fundamental tenets of the agreement, how are we not all on the same page with regard to illicit procurement or their re-entering into the banking system? To answer your question, I think when you are going to bring back IRGC-related entities, when you are going to bring back banks online, you are doing a real disservice to the international financial systems. So when you are talking about information operations and their ability to actually deal with this gap in the Iran deal, it is about exposing things that need to be exposed.    Mr.  Modell. In my opinion, I think people underestimate the degree to which the European businesses see the risk in returning to Iran, particularly if the United States is going to maintain a hardline approach. I think some will not be deterred. I think when you talk about China, for instance, and certain partners that are already ready to engage or have been engaging despite sanctions, like the Chinese and the North Koreans, there are going to be certain business environments that aren't going to be affected whatsoever. And information operations in those environments wouldn't work because we wouldn't have the local support of local media outlets and partners in any case.    Mr.  Modell. Yes, thanks for your question. I think it goes down to the fundamental issue of liaison relationships. You have to have more people who are constantly engaging with the Qataris, and the Kuwaitis, and saying: Listen, we have priorities. We realize you can't subvert your entire banking system because it is totally corrupt with terrorist financiers. But there have to be priorities. There has to be more action.    In the case of Qatar, there are serious Al Qaeda and ISIS financiers sitting in Doha, and they know it. So it is not a cultural issue. It is not an unawareness issue. It is that they have their own motivations for doing what they do. And they have their red lines. For us to strike the right balance between understanding where their red lines and limitations are and our need to actually stop the flow of money into Syria and Iraq, that is why I am calling for a different type of engagement overseas.    If you have Treasury people who are covering four, five, or six different countries or FBI or agency people who don't have the adequate amount of resources to actually engage in a fulsome way with financial intelligence units, with the police, with the military, with law enforcement, and incentivize them and really develop a systematic way of creating a culture there, a liaison relationship culture, where they natural incentives--and I talked about some of the things that we can offer them to do that--you are not going to get any changes.    I will give you an example. The DEA has told me very frequently in certain places in the Gulf, when they approach the financial intelligence units or when they approach their police counterparts or their counterdrug counterparts, they get nowhere. They get the requests delivered and they say, we will get back to you, and they don't get back to you. So if it is financial issues, there are the blank stares. If it happens to be really serious narcotic issues, they will. Again, I think it is a matter of political pressure combined with changing the culture and changing the incentives on the ground, and that starts at liaison relationships overseas.    Mr.  Modell. Yes. Unfortunately, in a place like Syria, based on the stories that I have heard, trying to compel truck drivers to abide by the laws, try to create greater border security, all of those things I think would eventually have to happen, and we have to focus on that in the next phase. I think now, unfortunately, there has to be smart, designated, kinetic activity, at least setting ourselves up to do that.    Mr.  Modell. There are two things I would consider. I think the number one goal of the Iranians in the removal of lifting sanctions and pressure and the normalization of the nuclear program was to restore normal trade relations with Asia and Europe. America would be a bonus potentially down the road. But if U.S. States start causing problems, keep sanctions on, start changing the fabric of the deal to some degree, or at least the spirit of the deal, I don't think it will have an impact, to be honest with you.    But let me just go back really quickly to what you were saying before. I think one of the things that we can do as Iran comes back into the financial system is expose the fact that they don't have a financial intelligence unit. They don't report suspicious transactions. They don't abide by FATF regulations. They are large state-run terrible foundations, which control billions and millions of dollars, unreportable to any authority whatsoever. And they have long been linked to terrorism. So an exposure of that in the media, in a positive media campaign for education, transparency would go a long way.    Mr.  Modell. I would just say, one of the things that Dr. Shelley mentioned before is the Captagon issue. Captagon is a drug used widely throughout the Middle East. And when you look at the U.S. Government's approach to going after a group like Hezbollah, right, one of our leading terrorist challenges, I agree with Mr. Larkin, it is a real bureaucratic problem. The intelligence community sees Hezbollah as not very involved in drug trafficking. They see them as a terrorist organization, and our main objective is to stop terrorist attacks. And I don't disagree with that, but when you look at the extent to which a group like Hezbollah is a global transit national organized criminal network, right, and the disagreement among U.S. Government agencies as to that truth, that reality and how to approach it, you are going to run into some real problems, real limitations. And so for me I would just like to emphasize, it is really is a bureaucratic issue. We are not all on the same page with regard to tackling these issues.    Mr.  Modell. I follow the Lebanese use of this. The used cars that are purchased here and sent to West Africa--I think previous testifiers have discussed that. In my discussions with the DEA and the FBI and others who have been involved in pursuing that, they have expressed some degree of frustration that, first of all, nothing is done in West Africa whatsoever. So you have massive West African car lots that are sitting there with cars piling up. The purpose was just to bring them to transfer drugs or to launder money en route to Europe or other areas in the Middle East. These are global things that we don't have enough cooperation with our partners overseas. So starting with overseas nodes of cooperation, that has to improve.    Here in the United States, I think when you go to Detroit and other places where there are car dealers who have been implicated in this, I don't think we have been punitive enough. I think they are still in business. They haven't been put out of business. So I think tougher measures have to be put at hand to actually stop this type of activity. And my sense is that is not happening.    Mr.  Modell. Thank you for your question. The simple answer to your question is yes, I think we will fall further behind because if you look at the thousands of individuals and entities that have been designated as a result of Iran's illicit activities over the years that are now going to be exonerated essentially by this deal, of course, it is a setback. Those are people who are willfully engaged in criminal activity on behalf of the Iranian regime. So the idea that they are suddenly going to be brought back into Iran or some sort of international system in which they behave according to laws and regulations and good behavior doesn't make much sense to me. I don't know why that large, very large group of people, many of whom we don't have full understanding of what they are doing now or to the extent to which sanctions have actually impacted them over time, the assumption that those people no longer need to be watched is disturbing. So, yes, I think the answer is yes.    Mr.  Modell. If you believe that the deal was going to lead to a windfall of tens if not over a hundred billion dollars to the Iranian government, and there have been disputes as to how that takes place and over what time, but nevertheless a very large amount of money, go back to 2012 and 2013, when the U.S. Government was getting very clear indications that because of the sanctions entire units of the IRGC who were acting overseas in places like Syria and Iraq and Lebanon and other places where we have a real problem with them, where our interests collide, those units were put on hold, those activities were put on hold. When President Rouhani was elected in Iran, and we started to move towards a deal and now that we have a deal in place, the economy started to turn around. And now we have the promise of this money, operational budgets have already gone up. The entire budget of the IRGC and the Iranian intelligence force publically, as stated, has gone up. It has gone up by 50 percent over the last year. So the idea that you are not going to have a situation where those same entities, which we have had problems with for 36 years are not going to increase their activities in things that we find problematic or contrary to our interests.    Mr.  Modell. First of all, I think that when you look at Iran's external apparatus for doing all the things, a lot of things with its nuclear program that we have found so problematic, in other words, illicit procurement, things that directly aid their program, you need to have a vast mechanism in place, U.S., U.S. allies, and the IAE working together. Without having an understanding of how that is going to work and how the Iranians are going to spend their money, or if you actually believe, like I do, that the Iranians have already strongly indicated that a significant amount of the money is going to be spent outside, contrary to what Secretary Kerry says, then you have the makings of a real problem.    Let me just touch briefly on what you said about Lebanese Hezbollah. One of the things that Lebanese Hezbollah, one of the reasons why it is such a problem, why Iran and Hezbollah have created this apparatus, it is so difficult to counter, is one of the things that Dr. Shelley mentioned was trade-based money laundering, repeatedly mentioning that. Since the early days of Hezbollah, Iranians and Hezbollah have gotten together and they had a very clear vision of how to create a commercial apparatus that enabled terrorist activity, criminal activity. That exists today. Iran still benefits from that, whether it is Hezbollah-related or nuclear-related, and that is going to continue.    Mr.  Modell. In my opinion, no. And I think it goes back to what Dr. Shelley and others have alluded to, and that is we don't have enough people in government who have the sophistication to be able to understand what the current illicit mechanisms are, and what the next generation of illicit mechanisms will be. I keep going back to Hezbollah, because they have been so successful at evolving into an organization that epitomizes the problems we are talking about here. First, it is used cars. Then, they are involved in diamonds. Then, it is used clothing. So you are avoiding the use of cash. They have had mastery of it, and it has been part of their long-term vision, and it will go on.    Mr.  Modell. I just want to throw something out there, as you are looking for a congressional going forward with the Iranian implementation--    Mr.  Modell. I would just say, according to the structure, the way, the deal, the way I have read it is every 90 days and every 180 days, the Obama Administration and future Administrations are going to have to report to Congress the extent to which they are complying with the deal. Having a task force continue and having them look specifically at the extent to which they are complying with financially related issues, whether it is terrorism or nuclear-related, would probably be very useful.