    Mr. Turner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Stewart, there has been much discussion about Russia and the Open Skies Treaty. And so I want to ask you a question about the Open Skies Treaty. Can you please provide the committee with details on the counterintelligence risks to the United States and our allies of a digital electro-optical, EO sensor and an infrared sensor, IR sensor. We are aware these planes fly over not only the United States but also our allies in Europe. And can you provide the committee with any reports or assessments DIA has prepared on these questions?    Now, we have heard, of course, responses that we can just cover things, that we can mitigate this. But if we can, also the Russians can. But the concern I guess we have is what are we actually getting from this treaty, because Russia does get more because of our space assets, the clarity which we have versus the clarity that is offered from their access from Open Skies. And can't this information be used such as simple task such as targeting and threatening the United States?    This is obviously something that has been a significant amount of discussion. I would like to know what the DIA has reviewed, what assessments you have done, and what the DIA has prepared.    General Stewart. I have got to keep this really simple for me. This Open Skies discussion is, think Polaroids in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, versus 1080 high-definition capability as we go to a digital environment. The things that you can see, the amount of data that you can collect, the things that you can do with post-processing using digital techniques allows Russia, in my opinion, to get incredible foundational intelligence on critical infrastructure, bases, ports, all of our facilities.    So from my perspective, it gives them a significant advantage and, yes, we both can use the same techniques. But I have a great concern about the quality of imagery, the quantity of the imagery, the ability to do post-processing of digital imagery, and what that allows them to see as foundational intelligence that I would love to have personally, and I would love to deny the Russians having that capability.    Mr. Turner. Excellent. Thank you. I note many people have been very concerned because of then, as you just described that fidelity of information, how it is translated into actual risks to the United States.    Now, as we were coming out, I would like to ask both of you, we were in the anteroom here, we were having a discussion about the number of exercises that Russia is having. General Breedlove has testified before us and has foreshadowed to our committee his concern of the snap exercises that Russia is using that have translated into actual military action and the inability to discern when an exercise is going on or when an actual military action is going to be pursued.    As you look at this, my concern has been--I think a lot of people who are looking at it are very concerned that these exercises are not training but they are actually practicing. I would love to hear from both of you your thoughts on the Russian posture and the exercises that they are undertaking.    General Stewart. The recent snap exercises have been realistic. They have been threatening. They show a level of sophistication that I have not seen in the 20 or so years that I have been watching Russian/Soviet activity. It certainly looks as realistic training as anything I have seen the Russians do.    Now, whether that is training because of the improved military, improved technology, lessons learned from what they have seen us do, or genuinely practicing for out-of-area or defense of Russian sovereignty, quote ``sovereignty,'' they are as realistic as anything that I have seen the Russians do over the last 20 years.    There is some evidence that previous snap exercises were great rehearsal exercises for their deployment into Syria. So if you take that as a model, then you can extrapolate that these practice, very deliberate, very thoughtful, high-intensity rehearsals could be rehearsals for some other either localized or out-of-area operations.    General Marrs. Sir, I think I would echo General Stewart's comments and just underscore that our impression has absolutely been that Russia has been evolving the art of using these exercises to create ambiguity and within that ambiguity make our task of warning against potential action more difficult.    Mr. Turner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.