    Mr. Powner. Chairman Bridenstine, Loudermilk, Ranking Member Beyer, and Members of the Subcommittees, earlier this year, we testified on the GOES-R and JPSS satellite acquisitions. At that time we expressed concerns about the GOES-R March 2016 launch date and potential gaps in satellite coverage.    As we have heard, the GOES-R launch date has been delayed again. I will provide updates on both acquisitions by displaying three graphics, which highlight key launch dates and expected lifespans of these satellites, many of which have been recently extended.    On the first graphic, it displays the three GOES-R satellites that are currently in space. The first bar is GOES-13, which covers the eastern half of the United States. The third bar is GOES-15, which covers the western half. The middle bar is GOES-14, which is your on-orbit spare. NOAA's policy is to have an on-orbit spare if something goes wrong with one of the operational satellites.    The red bars here represent an extension to the lifespan of the operational satellites from the last time we testified. When asked what this was based on, we were given a 2005 document supporting the lifespan extension. So a key question is why NOAA did not disclose this lifespan extension sooner.    I'll add that in NOAA's 2016 budget submission, these red extensions were not included on their fly-out charts. This is an area where NOAA needs to be more open and transparent with the Congress, especially since longer lifespans affect the timing of future launches and the annual funding of these satellites, as I'll get into on the next chart.    But before we leave this chart, I'd like to comment on, there have been problems with GOES-13 that have been mentioned, and the backup has been moved into operation several times. Also, currently a key sensor on GOES-13 has not been working since November 20th.    Moving to the next chart, what this next chart does, the first three bars basically just replicate what you just saw with the extended lifespan. The fourth bar represents GOES-R and the delay in the launch of GOES-R to October 2016. I have three comments on this chart.    First, the GOES-R bar, the fourth bar down, the delay occurred due to technical problems in about two years of extremely poor schedule performance. The program was losing about 10 days per month for a 24-month period. Mr. Chairman, in our opinion, NOAA should have more clearly disclosed the poor schedule performance to this Committee.    My second point is the potential gap in backup coverage. The gold vertical bar here represents this projected gap. GOES-13, even with the lifespan extension, reaches the end of its useful life about mid-2016, and 2014 and 2015 are your operational satellites. So there is no backup in orbit from mid-2016 until GOES-R launches and performs a six month checkout through about March or April of 2017. And if the GOES-R October 2016 launch date is not met, this gap in backup coverage becomes even greater.    My third and final point on this chart is the final two bears, GOES-S and T. We agree that both GOES-R and JPSS need to have robust constellations to ensure continuity of coverage, and this is exactly why we placed the potential gaps in weather satellites on GAO's high-risk list in January 2013. But extending these lifespans requires a relook at the timing of out-year satellites.    With the third chart, I'd like to move the discussion from GOES-R to JPSS, the polar satellites. As you can see here, the red arrow represents a four-year lifespan extension on NPP, the current operational polar satellite in the afternoon orbit. We question whether this should extent to 2020, given NOAA's latest analysis supporting this. However, the good news here with JPSS is there is an annual review that is used to update the polar satellite lifespans, unlike the GOES programs.    Regarding the J-1 launch, the middle bar here, of March 2017, we are more concerned about this date than we have been prior. Key reasons are continued delays in delivery of the key instrument ATMS, continued delays in the ground system, and continued problems with a component on the spacecraft.    And finally, on the chart, we think there is increased risk with J-2 since we have a new spacecraft contractor. On GOES, the story was that the performance will greatly improve with the delivery of the second GOES because there was a fair amount of learning with the first. It seems odd that that same logic wouldn't be applied to the second JPSS satellite.    In conclusion, NOAA needs to be more transparent on risks and satellite lifespans. There needs to be a consistent policy to evaluate satellite lifespans, not just for JPSS but also for GOES, and we still have major concerns with the backup, with the gap in the backup for GOES-R, and also between NPP and JPSS-1, but after GOES-R and JPSS-1 launch, given NOAA's recent extensions, we're really not concerned about gaps after that point. In fact, Congress might have opportunities to reduce annual expenditures on these programs in upcoming years.    I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Powner. Yeah, a lot of those recommendations are to address the gap. It's on the contingency planning efforts, and Dr. Volz and I had a good conversation about this. I think a lot of them are in flight. They're not fully wrapped up yet, so we want to see more of that done to address a lot of the gaps. I think the issue with this poor schedule performance and whether it's achievable or not, I think we need to be more open with our risks. So when we were here in February talking about missed milestones on the GOES-R program, and we didn't think they were going to hit that launch date of March 2016, and NOAA had data saying that we had poor schedule performance for two years. Our point is that you need to be open with your risks in order to hit your dates. When you're open with your risks--and I know this Committee's been very supportive of NOAA to ensure that these satellites get up there on time--we need to collectively work on these risks and be open with them so that we can all collectively address the issues that are at hand.    Mr. Powner. Well, clearly, there's the gap on the GOES constellation, the geostationary constellation. The potential for a gap in backup capability is--you can see it from the chart there. There's a likelihood that we're going to have that situation. I think the key with the extension of these lifespans, NOAA needs to have a very clear policy on how they evaluate these constellations. I know we start with design lives and then we evaluate the reliability and availability of the constellation through detailed analysis. On JPSS, they do a very good job, okay. We have an annual update. On GOES, we don't see it. So I think there ought to be some consistency here because when you start moving these lifespans, it really affects the timing of when we build and launch these future satellites, and we all know these two programs consume a large part of NOAA's budget. Maybe you could slow those down in out years and budget could be used for other things. I'm not saying that these aren't important; they are. But there's implications to moving these lifespans out. You can't just move them out and say build them as quick as we have with the original plan.    Mr. Powner. Yeah, and I would just add that the contracting situation with the spacecraft, each sensor and the ground component, they all have prime contractors with subs. So you have many contractors and subcontractors involved with each of those many components.    Mr. Powner. We've had a lot of risks and delays on both these programs. I don't know why you'd add more risk with the--that was our point on J-2, and especially when we sat down on GOES and the delays and we said okay, well, what's going to be different with your schedule performance, and they said well, we learned a lot, okay, in the second one we're going to be a lot better at it. Well, don't you--that logic probably applies to J-2. There's a lot of issues on J-1, work-arounds with subcontractors and the whole bit, and Ball Aerospace can lay out all those things. A new contractor doesn't have all that history going forward so we think there is risk with that shift, and we're looking for more continuity where we kind of get an assembly line here.    Mr. Powner. So we had a hearing in February on these two programs, and then what happened was, the lifespan extension occurred in April. The fly-out charts changed in April. And we think if a major change occurs like that, this Committee should have been informed. That's one example.    Mr. Powner. Another example is, I think the schedule performance could have been disclosed much more directly and openly to this Committee when we had that hearing in February.    Mr. Powner. Yes, that's--in terms of where that should reside, I think the key point here is this: We need robust constellations for both GOES and JPSS. We're always going to have NOAA own and operate these big satellite programs. That's not going to go away. But we need to supplement these constellations with commercial data to ensure that we have a robust constellation. So I think where everyone wants to go with the use of commercial products and the like, we need to look strongly at that to build the most robust constellation. That's what's most important for the American taxpayer in this country.    Mr. Powner. Well, we are aware of, there's some failed transistor parts that affect battery operation and the whole like. I think that's been a key risk going forward that we have heard that that October launch date possibly could be at risk. That's a key issue. I don't know where we're at on that right now but that's something that we're watching. We're still cautiously optimistic on these launch dates going forward because we've heard indicators that there's still some risk to the October 2016 date.    Mr. Powner. I have nothing further to add on that.    Mr. Powner. Yeah. Well, lifecycle costs--so there are reserves, okay, and you have an overall lifecycle. Any delay, there's going to be an impact on cost. I mean, this last delay, there was an impact on cost. So I just want to be clear on that. Any delay that we further have, there will be an impact on cost and there will be an impact on the potential increase and the potential gap in backup capability.    Mr. Powner. So some background here. If you look at like what DOD does, they actually have very robust analysis on the availability and reliability of their operational satellites. To NOAA's credit, on JPSS, they do a pretty nice job on JPSS. They do an annual assessment on that availability and reliability. We don't see it on GOES. But even too, they just need to be real clear on what their policy is on how they determine the lifespan. So for instance, I've been doing this a long time, looking at NPOESS for this Committee even prior to some of the dates that Congressman Perlmutter made. Our understanding is that the GOES policies, you have a backup on orbit. On the polar constellation, we always thought the policy was, you have a backup on the ground but now I'm hearing a backup in orbit. We just need to be clear on what our policy is on ensuring a robust constellation, and it's--NOAA is not always clear. They're not always clear, and we need to get that clarity so that we have a robust constellation.    Mr. Powner. Well, you know, we looked at this with our last review when we testified in February. There's a lot of good work on mitigation activities, and I do think there are some mitigating factors that yield greater benefits. We've heard like aircraft observations, some of the adjustments to the models and the like, and NOAA's working on those things. So a lot of that's being worked on now, and that goes back to some of the comments and questions earlier on our recommendations. We want to see some of those mitigation activities rounded out even further so that if in fact we have gaps leading up to March 2017, that we have some of these backup capabilities.    Mr. Powner. The first and second--we have not--we're not concerned about a gap between the first and second, assuming we hit the March date and JPSS-2 stays on board. The issue with the gap between NPP and J-1, you know, if you didn't have this recent four-year extension on the lifespan, there would be a gap. So, you know, the key here is, we hope that NPP continues to function well and we hope that J-1 does launch on March 2017 so that we don't have a gap between NPP and J-1. That's still a concern of ours. That's still a concern. Until we launch J-1, we're concerned about a gap.    Mr. Powner. One thing if I could add, I do think NPP overall is functioning well. It's not perfect. You can read their own availability analysis, and there's questions about ATMS lasting beyond the five-year life, not a nine-year life. So there's watch items there, and we need to continue to watch that so I don't want--there's not--we need to be real clear that there still are risks with NPP.    Mr. Powner. Well, clearly when you look at the out years satellites, the follow-on for the polar constellation and then when you get into the out year GOES, there's a question about what's the most economical way to go forward. Do you build everything as quickly as you can get and get economies of scale there and perhaps store them on the ground? Perhaps. Do you perhaps slow down the acquisition of some of those out year satellites? Perhaps. And I think what--and I know this Committee, we've worked with both your staff and the Majority staff. They're looking for analysis. There was a comment made that Congressman Johnson asked a question about this, about tradeoff assessments. I'm not aware of those tradeoffs assessments that have satisfied your staff on this Committee. I think they need those tradeoff assessments to make the right decisions on out year deliveries.    Mr. Powner. I'm not certain. This is back to where the appropriate analysis and the tradeoff assessment needs to be given to this Committee, to GAO so that we can actually answer that question. You need analysis that supports it.