    Ms. Wilson. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, members of the subcommittee, my name is Ann Wilson and I serve as the Senior Vice President of Government Affairs for the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association or MEMA.    Thank you for the invitation to testify before you today on automated vehicles and NHTSA's Automated Vehicle Policy.    MEMA is the leading international trade association of the fast-changing mobility industry. By directly employing more than 800,000 Americans and generating a total employment impact of 4.2 million jobs, MEMA member companies are the largest employer of manufacturing jobs in the U.S.    MEMA applauds NHTSA for developing the Federal Automated Vehicle Policy. Given the rapidly evolving advances in vehicle technologies, we believe this policy, as opposed to regulations, that clarifies a national framework with a clear role for the states sets pathways for all stakeholders to navigate the complexities of automated vehicle technologies.    We are currently working with our members to provide NHTSA with specific comments by November 22nd and we will provide those comments to the subcommittee.    We are also committed to a continuous dialogue with NHTSA on the AV policy. However, we urge NHTSA to clarify the policy in the near-term with the input received from the public listening sessions and the written comments.    Today, I wanted to lay out a few challenges and opportunities MEMA has already identified. First, MEMA would strongly urge the agency to treat test vehicles covered by the AV policy separately from production vehicles. Typically, these vehicles are company-owned and operated only by trained employees and are not intended for production and sale to the general public. For instance, it is not clear in the policy whether NHTSA intends component manufacturers or other entities should apply for exemptions for test vehicles in order to test and evaluate Level 2 through 5 systems on public roads.    With the rapid evolution of these technologies, time is critical. The process outlined in the AV policy for test vehicles, including the exemption process, would delay innovation.    We also have some serious concerns about the protection of manufacturers' intellectual property rights during the testing phase.    We are also seeking an additional clarification with respect to test vehicles. Under Section 24404 of the recently enacted FAST Act, OEMs can test and operate vehicles that do not meet Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards, provided they are not offered for sale. But this provision does not include component manufacturers and we would urge the committee to clarify this provision at the first opportunity.    Second, in 2015, MEMA and the Boston Consulting Group released a report examining the safety benefits of Advanced Driver Assistance Systems or ADAS technologies. The study found that these technologies can provide immediate safety benefits and formed a pathway, as you have heard, to a partially and fully automated vehicle fleet that could virtually eliminate traffic fatalities. But it is important to note that some of these ADAS technologies constitute the SAE Level 2 automated systems. These include technologies, as you have heard today, like AEB, adaptive cruise control, and others. Technology is currently available on a wide range of vehicles. MEMA urges NHTSA to further delineate the impact that the AV Policy has on Level 2 technologies.    Third, as previously recognized, NHTSA's AV Policy also applies to all vehicles. While much of the testimony you have heard today is directed towards the automotive industry, many of the opportunities and challenges apply to both passenger and commercial vehicles. The commercial vehicle component supplier members of MEMA are particularly concerned about the IP protection as safety systems and other new technologies are key differentiators for trucking fleets. There are many other parties in the commercial market who must be engaged in the development and implementation of AV Policy for all the challenges and benefits to be fully explored. We encourage NHTSA to continue interacting with those parties and we would encourage this committee to work with them, too.    Fourth, original equipment component suppliers do not always have complete visibility into the full scope of issues to properly assess performance. Once a component or a system has been integrated into a protection vehicle, it is important that all stakeholders have a clear understanding of NHTSA's expectations of the roles and responsibilities, particularly for OEMs and component manufacturers. These distinctions should be clarified and articulated in the context of the policy.    And finally, MEMA encourages NHTSA to take the lead with their global counterparts to cooperate in developing an AV policy beyond the U.S. for the benefit of the global community. The earlier we get ahead of opportunities to align, the better it will be for all stakeholders, government, industry, and the driving public.    In conclusion, the members of MEMA are committed to vehicle safety and are at the forefront of developing additional lifesaving technologies.    We appreciate this opportunity to testify and I would be happy to answer your questions.    Ms. Wilson. So, the driver assisted systems that you see right now can take over a function. For instance, AEB will take over a function but doesn't take over control of the vehicle. So, as you look what the SAE and what is set as the stages of automation, this is, I won't way the first stage, but it is the first stages of automation.    And I think what you are seeing when they discuss this both at NHTSA and SAE is they know that this is going to be a gradual piece. I mean as Gary was mentioning, Mr. Shapiro was mentioning about the aftermarket, the aftermarket can provide valuable warning devices to a consumer. So, if you have a car that is a little older, it can warn you, maybe not take over control of the vehicle, but warn you of a safety hazards and things like that.    So, again, those levels of automation are very important and we will see this gradually increase over years.    Ms. Wilson. We have some members who would love to show you that technology.    Ms. Wilson. I was just wondering if I could. I represent component manufacturers, including aftermarket manufacturers. Our members are working very closely with the vehicle manufacturers right now on what is called a secure vehicle interface to try to look at things like this to see how we can provide this and provide the cybersecurity. We are hoping that an industry standard can be reached.    And an SAE Committee has just recently been started and they are going to start to meet in December. So, we are very hopeful. There are a lot of challenges I think as the whole panel has indicated but the industry is really trying to work on this and get our arms around it.    Ms. Wilson. So, our Tier 1 original equipment suppliers, many of them are in the Auto ISAC with their vehicle manufacturer customers. And in addition, on the commercial space, we are working with NHTSA right now and the team on the Auto ISAC to come up with a commercial vehicle model, something similar like that.    And then, again, as we talked about before with the aftermarket, the aftermarket is trying to work on some industry solutions for some of these concerns. So, yes, sir, we are very involved in this.