    Mr. Woodall. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding the hearing. Mr. Yarmuth mentioned in passing that he was not sure we reestablished any trust here today. I came in late, and so I may have missed a more cynical part of this panel. But I have got to tell you, when you, Dr. Lindsay, are focused on trying to get folks not just with access to education, but access to education that benefits them long term. When you, Dr. Spriggs are trying to tie workers' wages to their productivity and life folks up out of poverty.    When Dr. Smith has taken something that is impossible to understand and impossible to afford and trying to deal with both of those issues at the same time. And when Mr. Pinto is telling folks that maybe we have been complicit in turning something that was supposed to be a wonderful opportunity into a terrible burden, that is exactly what folks back home want us to be talking about and I cannot believe that there is not just a little bit of agreement here, but a lot of agreement. That is what I want to focus my question on. Dr. Lindsay, I agree with you about the Stafford loan program. My question is, who on the left would work with us?    When I go into a high school today and say, ``Who wants all the free money you can borrow and a degree in art history? Or who wants a co-op program, a work-study program, you want to graduate with employer experience and no debt?'' Who on the left would work with us to redirect these Federal incentives to putting real people in real jobs?    Mr. Woodall. I will not say that you are not dealing with reality. We are slipping back into cynicism. Because that is what folks worry is happening. The same thing is true with Mr. Pinto's topic. I live in one of the densest Congressional districts in the State of Georgia. You cannot find an efficiency in my district. It is not for sale, and if I call my bank they are going to say, ``Rob, we stopped doing loans for houses under 600 square feet. We do not do those any longer.'' Who on the left, Mr. Pinto is going to help me? Instead of having, as I do in my district, a 2000 square foot house with 14 people living in it. A 3000 square foot efficiency with two people living in it? Who on the left will partner with me to make that happen?    Mr. Woodall. Because the whole discussion we are having is how do we love people? How do we support people? How do we advantage our neighbor? And I believe that is a unifying statement, and I struggle with that in the housing industry as much as anywhere. Dr. Smith, I love what you are doing. I love my medical savings account. My Obamacare plan keeps getting canceled, and I sign up for a new one and it get canceled, and I sign up for a new one, but I am trying to say in the medical savings account space, yes.    Telling someone they have a card that gets them care with a $9,000 deductible is not valuable in my district and I know that we can bring costs down if we understood it more. What is going to drive more of your peers to adopt that model? How do we get more folks to do what you are doing, which is to give me access to information as a consumer?    Mr. Woodall. There is a lot here today for us to work on, Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding the hearing.