    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you very much.    And I would like to discuss the too big to fail and living wills for large financial institutions. Professor Johnson mentioned earlier in testimony, when we had the crisis that cost this Nation $15 to $18 trillion in lost homes, lost jobs, the worst--and it was caused by mismanagement, the first major financial crisis in our history that could have been prevented with better regulation and management of banks. And he alluded to the problem that we faced: We could either let it fail, like we did with Lehman, or we could bail it out, like we did with AIG. Neither response was a good one.    So in Dodd-Frank, we came forward, saying that the largest financial institutions would be required to submit to regulators, including the FDIC, a resolution plan to be implemented in the case that they failed, and these plans were called the living wills. And if a bank consistently fails to provide credible plans, Dodd-Frank permits regulators to increase the bank's capital, liquidity, and leverage ratio requirements, or even to require the bank to divest certain assets or operations.    So, Professor Johnson, could you please explain why Dodd-Frank permits these penalties?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. These penalties are really sticks to encourage banks to file credible plans, but they are effective only if banks know regulators will use them. And since 2013, banks have had four chances to get this right, but regulators say that most of the plans still have shortcomings. This year, the FDIC found the plans of five banks are not credible, and these five banks must resubmit their plans by October 1.    So, Chairman Gruenberg, if the living wills continue to be deficient in October, you have the authority to impose penalties at that time in order to protect the taxpayers. Is that right?    Mrs. Maloney. And the plans being submitted this October, in some cases the fifth attempts by some of the largest banks to have credible plans, and the banks have shown that their resolution plans are due since the Dodd-Frank--they've known that they have to do this since 2010, yet five banks are still not getting it right. And no penalties have been imposed for their failures to produce credible resolution plans.    So my question, Professor Johnson, how can the public and the banks be sure that the FDIC is serious about obtaining credible living wills if they are not, you know, putting these penalties forward? And then I'd also like the chairman to answer.    So, Professor Johnson.    Mrs. Maloney. Chairman.    Mrs. Maloney. Mr. Chairman, may I do a follow-up question to his answer?    You've had four times to have an evaluation. This is the fifth time, correct?    Mrs. Maloney. And the other four times that you've had an evaluation, you haven't come in with the penalties that Dodd-Frank gives you. And so when my--you know, I was one of the participants in the conference committee on Dodd-Frank, as you know, and I support it. But how do we know--and I think people that are critical have a right to be somewhat critical--that it's going to be implemented if you're not implementing it? What's different this time? Are we going to be going to plan 6, 7, 8, 9, 10?    Mrs. Maloney. Yeah, joint, I know, realize.    Mrs. Maloney. Could I just ask him to submit to you what your outcome is, since we are distracted?    Mrs. Maloney. This is a very important financial security, safety, and soundness issue, and I think to present your findings, since we are--they are not coming to us, they are coming to you. So I think to give us those--that information would be helpful.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you.    Mrs. Maloney. Yes.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is really a very interesting hearing, and I thank all the panelists.    Chairman Cummings, regrettably, had to go to another meeting, he has a conflict, but he asked me to get some clarification on Mr. Browning's testimony.    In your testimony, and you talk about your startup on your LinkedIn page, and you state that you, and I quote, quote, ``led strategy and execution of a de novo bank charter application,'' end quote.    You also say on your LinkedIn page that you, and I quote, ``halted filing, due to the Volcker rule constraints, at a parent company.''    I would first like to ask our resident professor, Professor Johnson, if you would give us a good definition of the Volcker rule. It is thrown around in every discussion. Give us a good definition of the Volcker rule.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you.    So, Mr. Browning, my question is, you said on your, as I said, your LinkedIn page, that you halted it due to the Volcker rule constraints. Exactly what were the Volcker rule constraints that prevented you from moving forward with Sterne Agee's FDIC application? It's a question to Mr. Browning.    Mrs. Maloney. Well, Mr. Cummings is very interested in this, and he would like to know, specifically, even though it's complicated, what prevented you, so you said, your application? How did the Volcker rule prevent you from going forward?    And also, he wanted to note that you did not provide the committee with any documents. The FDIC has produced documents in response to the committee's request. And one of those documents, dated May 27, 2014, provides information regarding the Sterne Agee. This document states that the bank would be owned by Sterne Agee, a brokerage firm, and would, quote, ``be funded via sweep accounts from consumer brokerage accounts,'' end quote.    So, Mr. Browning, is it correct that your proposed ILC would have been funded primarily in this manner?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay.    Professor--my final question--Professor Johnson, what are bank sweeps, and are they as stable a source of capital for a bank or other sources?    And if I may, because this is a deeply debated issue before Congress, if you could get back to us in writing, even though it's complicated and intricate, exactly how the Volcker rule would have prevented you.    Mrs. Maloney. But the last question is to Mr. Johnson. Yes.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you.    Does Mr. Browning want to respond?    Mrs. Maloney. I would also like to add to the gentleman's question Basel III. Now, the complaints that I get from the community banks are the requirements of Basel III, which is international banking. And they say to me, and it makes all the sense to me in the world, we're not involved in international banking. We are involved in helping a community. We're not over in Basel, Switzerland, or any other place.    And why do all--and they complain, believe it or not, Mr. Meadows, more in my district, and I have a lot of community banks that saved the city during the financial crisis. They were the only ones providing loans. But in any event, their major concern to me is the Basel III requirements that is just killing them.    And I don't see--maybe this is too simplistic--why you can't just say, if you're not involved in international banking, then you don't have to do Basel III requirements. I think that's a simple way to look at it, but then I'm always told, oh, you can't do that.    But I am very sympathetic to it. When somebody needs a college loan, when they need a house loan, when they need a small business loan, as Mr. Williams talks about, it's usually 100 percent the community banks that are providing it. And so I'm very sympathetic to the statements of Mr. Mulvaney and Mr. Meadows on this.    But I would like to add that too, if Mr. Meadows would allow that, to why--what are the things that you think are in Basel III that are needed for safety and soundness for community banks? It doesn't make any sense to me at all.    Mrs. Maloney. He's got his hand up, the community bank.