    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and thank you to our panel. I am going to continue the tradition that we are carrying on here of Congressman Dingle.    And Mr. or, excuse me, Chairman Wheeler, as you know, I have legislation requiring the FCC publish any rule changes on their Web site within 24 hours, H.R. 2589. Transparency has been a priority for this administration. So, I find it strange that some have balked at this proposal. To that end, I would like to ask you a few yes or no questions.    Does the FCC have the ability to publish rule changes online within 24 hours?    Mrs. Ellmers. They do. So, you confirm that within 24 hours we will be able to publish that information at the FCC?    Mrs. Ellmers. And your answer is yes, correct?    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you. Now, I want to move on to another subject. Chairman Wheeler, I have been a little disturbed to read about the FCC's quote anti-business bias in a recent Hill article. The commissioner's job is to ensure that the communications marketplace is functioning to promote benefits for consumers and not to be beholden to radical special interest groups. Are you really listening to the wide range of stakeholders involved in the FCC matters or is there a real bias, as been pointed out in this article?    Mrs. Ellmers. Yes and no?    Mrs. Ellmers. So yes, to you are listening and no to the bias.    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you. OK.    So, in 2012, there was a white paper that was created and Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to submit this for the record. \2\---------------------------------------------------------------------------    \2\ The information has been retained in committee files and is also available at http://docs.house.gov/meetings/if/if16/20160322/104714/hhrg-114-if16-20160322-sd004.pdf.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you. It was a white paper on video reform from one of these groups, a special interest group called Public Knowledge, which seems to indicate that you are listening to very few voices.    I look at the executive summary and find that there are four recommendations listed here that you have basically initiated by your administration. And I will go through a couple of them, as time allows.    One, the FCC should issue a declaratory ruling that multichannel video programming distributors, it goes on to say, may not engage in unfair methods of competition or deceptive acts and practices with regard to online video distributors. You started this process to--to that question, have you not started that process?    Mrs. Ellmers. You were part of the FCC at that time, though.    Mrs. Ellmers. You were----    Mrs. Ellmers. OK, but basically the point I am making is that in this 2012--not that you were there in 2012. This white paper was generated in 2012. But the point I am trying to make is that you are adhering to this white paper.    Mrs. Ellmers. OK. Well, then I will just point out then that this particular white paper outlined this particular suggestion and you are following it.    Mrs. Ellmers. OK, I will read it again for you. The FCC should issue a declaratory ruling that multichannel video programming distributors, and it goes on to say, may not engage in unfair methods of competition or deceptive acts and practices with regard to online video distributors. And that is part of the white paper.    You started this process with questions to that practice. Is that not true?    Mrs. Ellmers. OK, I will tell you what. Let's leave that one aside.    Mrs. Ellmers. The FCC, and this is, again, in the white paper, the FCC should begin a proceeding to determine which regulations ought to apply to OVDs that choose to operate as MVPDs themselves. You have begun this rulemaking as well, have you not?    Mrs. Ellmers. Yes or no? Yes or no?    Mrs. Ellmers. OK. Well, there again, I would like to submit a couple more of the quotes from the white paper. We are submitting the white paper for the record.    But you know, Chairman, I will be honest and tell you at this point, and after watching this process, I am not sure exactly whose opinion you are actually taking----    Mrs. Ellmers. My time has expired. And this is troubling to me. So, this is very troubling and I think that we need to take more time to acknowledge the fact that you may be taking opinions that are truly biased and that is very frightening to me moving forward.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Ellmers. Well I what will say is I basically, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you, I have a couple of quotes and basically I will ask for those yes or no answers in written form.    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you.