    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And I am very glad that we are having this hearing. And I am glad that at the very end of your statement you said that there would be testimony, I take it from Mr. George, that these documents were not destroyed willfully. And I am glad you said that, because you had said a number of things already. And I think that there are many IRS employees who are working very, very hard, short of staff, giving it everything they got so that they can do their job so that we can have the resources, as a government, to exist.    And I want to take a moment to thank all of those employees who are working so very hard.    This Oversight Committee is now holding our 22nd IRS hearing--22. Some people tuning in today may not realize it, but this investigation is still going on. They also may not realize that they, the American taxpayers, have spent more than $20 million on this investigation so far--$20 million. The total does not include the millions of additional dollars spent by the Inspector General, who is here to testify before us yet again.    And I want to thank you, Mr. George, for your hard work and all the work you have done in regard to this investigation.    This investigation has squandered tens of millions of taxpayer dollars in a failed scavenger hunt for any possible evidence to support Republican accusations against Lois Lerner, the IRS, and the White House. More than 250 IRS employees have now spent more than 160,000 hours producing more than a million pages of documents to Congress--250 employees, who could be doing audits, making sure that people are paying their rightful share of taxes, making sure that the collection process is done properly, answering questions of our constituents as they try to make sure that they are doing the right thing. But 250 folks, 160,000 hours.    Yet the Inspector General will testify again today that his conclusions remain the same.    The chairman said, let the facts--let the evidence speak. I agree with that. There is still no evidence to support Republican allegations that the White House was involved, that Ms. Lerner ordered the targeting of conservative groups for political reasons, or that she intentionally crashed her computer to conceal her emails.    Today, the Inspector General will testify about this investigation into the status of Ms. Lerner's emails. Unfortunately, the Inspector General's Office has repeatedly overstated the number of, ``new,'' emails they recovered from backup tapes and other sources.    In February--and we need to listen to this. In February, officials from the Inspector General's Office briefed our committee and others, reporting that they had found 80,000--80,000--emails from Ms. Lerner, a fact that was leaked to the press with great fanfare, headlines--80,000.    Then, on February 26, the Deputy Inspector General for Investigations testified before this committee that many of those emails were actually duplicates. So we went from 80,000, and he testified there was only 32,000. February.    Last week, on June 16, the Inspector General's chief counsel sent a letter to this committee stating that the total number of new emails went down again, keep in mind, from 32,000, this time explaining that only 6,400 emails, ``appear to not have been produced to Congress.''    You guessed it. But today we have gone from the 6,400 only 9 days ago, and the Inspector General will testify that the total has plummeted to a little more than 1,000 emails that Congress did not already have. Boy, that is a hell of a drop, from 80,000 to 1,000.    Inspectors general are not supposed to provide speculative, unconfirmed, and inaccurate information to Congress. I think Mr. George would agree with that. They are not supposed to provide information they know is not credible. Yet that is what happened in this case. Based on this record, I do not know why anyone would have confidence in any of the numbers issued by the Inspector General.    For those who want to cut to the bottom line, you need to turn to page 6 of the Inspector General's written testimony for today's hearing. It is buried, I got to tell you, it is buried now, but it says, ``A review of these emails did not provide additional information for the purposes of our investigation.'' And I hope that Mr. George will explain that.    So, after all of this work and after spending millions of dollars, Republicans still have no new information to support their allegations.    Some people may be wondering, if these new emails do not advance the investigation in any way, then what are they? What are they? Let me give you a few examples which the Inspector General provided to us this week. I didn't do this; the Inspector General gave them to us.    On December 25, 2012, Christmas Day, Ms. Lerner received an email from eBay with an advertisement for holiday shopping deals. In another newly discovered email sent a few days earlier, on December 22, Ms. Lerner received an offer from the Web site flowershopping.com for some very nice bouquets. Not quite the smoking gun the Republicans alleged.    The fact is that Ms. Lerner's computer crashed--and we need to keep this in mind--the fact is that Ms. Lerner's computer crashed before she was informed that IRS employees in Cincinnati were using inappropriate criteria to screen tax-exempt applicants. This is not my finding. It is not mine. That is the finding of Mr. George, our Inspector General, in his original report from May 2013, more than 2 years ago.    Today, this hearing is our 22nd on this issue--22. And I cannot imagine what possible reason there might be to have a 23rd. So I hope we will finally be able to move forward and focus on bipartisan investigations that will help the American families in their daily lives.    And to the IRS employees: I hope that all these efforts do not have a chilling effect on you doing the job that the American people have paid you to do and expect you to do and the job that you want to do.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Camus, the degaussing, you talked about that. Now, did they just degauss Lerner tapes?    Mr. Cummings. Now, you mentioned a little earlier that there was some type of directive that they did not know about. Is that what you said?    Mr. Cummings. And so you are saying that this was not something to obstruct our investigation or block information intentionally from getting to us? Is that----    Mr. Cummings. Right.    Mr. Cummings. Uh-huh. You never answered my question, though. The people that actually did the degaussing, you are saying that they did not--they weren't intentionally trying to stop information from getting to us.    Mr. Cummings. And you looked into that?    Mr. Cummings. And it would have been malpractice on your part, almost, if you didn't look into it, wouldn't it?    Mr. Cummings. Very well.    Now, Mr. George, over the past year, I believe you and your staff have been highly irresponsible in speculating about the number of new emails you recovered from Lois Lerner. I got to tell you, you heard in my opening statement, it should concern all of us because we rely very heavily on the IG's information. You repeatedly put out numbers prematurely without verification, and, time and time again, your numbers were just wrong--were wrong.    In February of this year, your office briefed this committee and other committees in the Senate, and you reported recovering as many as 80,000 emails to and from Ms. Lerner. Then, on February 11, the headline appeared in the press, ``Senator Ron Johnson to IRS: Why Did IG Find 80,000 `Lost' Emails.''    Mr. George, you didn't find 80,000 new emails, did you?    Mr. Cummings. So you recovered these emails, but you had no idea how many had already been turned over to Congress. And that's why you say it was ongoing?    Mr. Cummings. So, just a few weeks later, on February 26, you, Mr. Camus, testified before this committee that you, found 32,774 unique emails that were--unique emails that were backed up from Lois Lerner's email box. And you added that you were still in the process of determining how many of these emails had already been produced to Congress. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So, meanwhile, the headlines continued. They continued. One of them reads, ``Thousands of New Emails Found.''    Then, on June 16, about a week ago, your chief counsel sent a letter to this committee with yet another new number. And she wrote this, ``The recovered emails that appear to not have been previously provided to Congress total approximately 6,400.''    But you didn't find 6,400 new emails. In your testimony today, you talk about a thousand. Is that right?    Somebody talk to me. A thousand?    Mr. Cummings. So now we have gone from 80,000 to 1,000; is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And you talked a little bit earlier about 23,000 still being out there possibly; is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Now, how do we now that number is accurate? I mean, we went from 80,000 to 1,000. That's a pretty steep drop, wouldn't you agree?    Mr. Cummings. So where did that 23,000 come from? Because I guarantee you there is going to be a headline, so we might as well try to get the facts to match up with the headline.    Mr. Cummings. And, last but not least, Mr. George, I mean, why--I think you already said it, but the reason why you put these numbers out there is because you want to keep Congress informed. But you see what it does, right?    I mean, it really--I mean, I understand what you are saying, but that is not how it is used. I mean, I know you are giving it with all these caveats in red and gold and, you know, bold print, but you see how it ends up in print.    Hello?    Mr. Cummings. So why give any number?    Mr. Cummings. Oh, I remember the previous chairman.    Mr. Cummings. In fairness to you, then, can you--is there a caveat that goes with that 23,000 that you're talking about?    Mr. Cummings. Talk about--tell us so we will know, so that when the headline is written we've got all of the caveat that goes with it. Go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Of course. Of course.    Mr. Cummings. Yeah. Would the gentleman----    Mr. Cummings. Just one--and I am so glad you said that.    One of the things that I have always done in this committee for the, my God, 20 years since I have been on this committee is make sure that when we are talking about employees and where there is an issue of their credibility, whether it is a possibility that they are being accused--and I am not saying it has happened yet--of a crime, I try to make sure that is clear. Because it sends a--because it has a tremendous impact on that individual and a chilling effect on the entire agency.    And so one of the things I am concerned about is that, while there have been the degaussing, the destruction in West Virginia and whatever, that there was nobody who did anything intentionally to hinder our investigation. I want to make sure that is clear for no other purpose than what I just said.    Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Of course I will yield. I will yield to you.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman, my last----    Mr. Cummings. That's fair.    My last comment, Mr. Chairman--and I appreciate this dialogue--is that, as you know, you and I have joined in on many instances where we felt that we were not getting the information that we are supposed to get, and I backed you up, and you backed me up. As a matter of fact, just yesterday you did it. And I appreciate that.    So I agree. I mean, I am concerned, too, as to why things were not looked into. That really does concern me, and I am hoping that we will get some answers to that.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Would the chairman yield?    Mr. Cummings. And I just want the gentleman to know too that he did inform me on more than one occasion that he was going through this. And certainly, Mr. George, we all wish your mother well. But you definitely kept this side informed also. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Gentleman yield just for one question?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Camus, I want to make sure I'm clear because you just accused the Commissioner of a crime.    Mr. Cummings. No. No. I'm not--I'm not arguing with you. I want to make sure the record is clear. You said that--in answer to a question, you said that he lied to Congress. Is that what you told us?    Mr. Cummings. Well, you need to clear that up one way or another. I mean, whatever. I just want it to be clear. Because you've now put in a very interesting situation. We're just searching for the truth. Go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. It clarifies. And thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Just one thing.    Mr. Cummings. Was there evidence that it was willful, any willful criminal act, lying to Congress?    Mr. Cummings. And just one last question. At the end of your investigation, if you did find it, would that--if you did find that, would that be a part of your report?    Mr. Cummings. Very well. We look forward to your report.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    We have spent a phenomenal amount of time talking about conservative groups, and certainly I'm concerned about them, but I'm also concerned about all Americans.    Back on May 23, Mr. George, 2013, you appeared before the committee and we asked about progressive groups. You said that you were looking--going to be reviewing some 600 files, and I'm just wondering, what have you found out about the other American groups, the progressives?    Mr. Cummings. Will that be a part of your report?    Mr. Cummings. So it's been a year now, over a year, and you say people have left, and more people will probably leave. So it doesn't make it any better. Does it? I mean, of the 600 cases, you mean, you don't have any conclusions with any of those with regard--you said you had 600 files you're going to be looking over?    Mr. Cummings. I just want to make sure, you know, again, we have spent a phenomenal amount of time talking about conservative groups. And I'm concerned, like I said, but, I mean, what about all these other groups? That's--it seems like they're getting second rate review here. And I'm not knocking you. I understand there are problems, but it seemed like there would have been some conclusions about--out of the 600, some of them.    Mr. Cummings. Right.    Mr. Cummings. I understand.    Mr. Cummings. Now, you testified in February that Ms. Lerner's computer had crashed on June 13, 2011, and the next day, she sent a contemporaneous email to colleagues confirming that fact. Do you recall that testimony?    Mr. Cummings. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Okay. And you further testified that more than 2 weeks later, Ms. Lerner received a briefing on June 29, 2011 informing her that IRS employees in Cincinnati were screening applications using the term such as ``Tea Party'' and ``9/12.'' Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And according to your May 20, 2013 report when Ms. Lerner became aware of these inappropriate search teams, she, ``immediately directed that the criteria be changed.'' Did anything in your investigation call that conclusion into question, Mr. George?    Mr. Cummings. And so you also confirmed that Ms. Lerner's computer crashed before your office started any investigation. Specifically you were asked ``At the time of Ms. Lerner's computer crash, had TIGTA commenced its audit of the IRS employees' handling of applications for tax-exempt status?'' Your response was, ``No. No. It hadn't begun.'' Do you recall that, Mr. George.    Mr. Cummings. And, Mr. Camus, you testified that the IG's office did not begin reviewing the circumstances surrounding Ms. Lerner's lost emails until June 16, 2014. Do you recall that testimony?    Mr. Cummings. Now that the investigation is essentially complete, does the timeline we just discussed still hold true?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Camus, did the investigation reveal any evidence that Ms. Lerner saw 3 years into the future and knew you would one day investigate the loss of her emails?    Mr. Cummings. All right. I yield back.