    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank for your calling this hearing. And thank you for your steady leadership as we confront the problems of Iran's nuclear program. To our witnesses, thank you. Welcome. It is important that members hear views from across the spectrum as we play our part and weigh a potential deal.    I have said from day one the devil is in the details. And until I know exactly what is in the deal, it is hard to comment on whether it deserves support or not. I have been troubled as I have said many times on the outset of these negotiations. Firstly, I have been very troubled that Iran was allowed to enrich and spin centrifuges while we are talking. I think it would have been a heck of a lot better if Iran was told if you want to have serious negotiations with us, while we talk, you stop enriching. But that wasn't done. And that is disappointing. I am told that Iran wouldn't agree to it. Well, does that tell you something about their motives at the outset? I am also disturbed that we are talking about Iran's nuclear capability. We are not talking about, as the chairman pointed out, all the destructive roles they play around the world as the world's leading sponsor of terrorism. Somehow or other, we are not really talking about that in these negotiations. We have four Americans in prison there. We had a hearing in this committee not long ago. I don't know, are they in limbo? What is the story? I think it is preposterous that our people are held hostage while we are negotiating with them.    And the rhetoric still continues to come out. Syria, where hundreds of thousands of civilians have been killed and maimed, the Iranians prop up the Assad regime, Hezbollah, Hamas, you name it, Yemen, they have played negative roles. And so it is very, very troubling. And, again, the devil is in the details. I am glad that the reports are coming out that the administration is digging in its heels. A lot of people said that they would cave at the last minute on some of these issues because they wanted a deal very badly. I think that is being shown that it is not the case, and the Iranians are going to have to make some tough choices or else we are prepared to walk away. I have said from day one that we couldn't want a deal more than the Iranians. If that is the case, then they will just, again, dig in their heels.    And so they need to want a deal, and they need to be ready to make tough concessions. The chairman pointed out some of the troubling aspects of this. There are a few potential implications of a deal I would like to touch on this morning. One of my serious concerns throughout this process is sanctions relief. Even if sanctions relief is gradual and conditioned on Iran's compliance with the deal, easing sanctions will eventually, as the chairman said, translate into a major financial windfall for Iran's leaders. Let's think about what that means.    Even with sanctions in place, even with sanctions in place, Iran is still the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world. Even with a crumbling economy, Iran spreads its destabilizing influence in Yemen, Syria, Lebanon, Iraq, Gaza, and among our Gulf allies. Iran's leaders have said they will use sanctions relief to help their people and shore up their economy. I will believe it when I see it. So Congress will need to play a role here. The House has already passed legislation to curb funding to Hezbollah, which is wreaking havoc in Lebanon and helping Assad cling to power in Syria. I hope the Senate will act on this measure. And however sanctions relief plays out in the Iran deal, Congress needs to make sure that our sanctions against terrorist groups remain robust and effective. That way, no matter what Iran chooses to do with its resources, we will have other measures to keep funding out of terrorist hands.    The other issue I would like to address is how other countries across the region may respond to a deal. Iran is a nuclear threshold state. This leaves our ally Israel in a constant state of insecurity. Israel must always know we will have their back to deal with that challenge. We need to work with the Israelis, take a hard look at any outstanding concerns tied to this deal, and do whatever is necessary to ensure Israel's security.    Likewise, for our friends in the Gulf, a nuclear arms race would create tremendous volatility in the region. Recently at Camp David, the administration heard from our Sunni Gulf allies about their concerns over Iran's behavior. This summit was a good start but more needs to be done. I hope our witnesses can shed some light on what steps might help shore up stability in the region in the wake of a deal. But I think we also have to consider, and I want to raise a question that I have asked again and again: If we don't get a deal, what are the alternatives? At this point, we all know the refrain, no deal is better than a bad deal.    But let's see what the alternative would be. The alternative to a deal would surely mean some kind of military strikes on Iran's nuclear plants and would also involve sanctions. I think when we weigh whatever final deal there is, we have to weigh it with the alternative and see which alternative we like better. There are no good choices. But it is very, very troubling that Iran continues to do what it has been doing and that we hear negative things from the Supreme Leader talking about all kinds of nonsense that we could not accept in any kind of a deal.    So we need to consider where we will find ourselves if these negotiations fail. We cannot accept a bad deal again, but we need to weigh the P5+1 proposal versus the alternatives. I look forward to hearing our witnesses' insights on these issues. And I thank them again for their testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank all of you on the panel for your good testimony.    Look, I have a lot of difficulty with some of these deals, these negotiations, as you do. But I think that, at this point, we are almost at the midnight hour, so to speak, we have to look at the choices that we have. The way I see it right now is that we have a choice to accept--Congress does--and support a deal that the administration negotiates, or we don't. And if we don't, then we need to look at the alternatives.    I share all of your concerns. There isn't anything that anybody has said that I really disagree with. I think it is a problem. But I do think that the alternative, as I mentioned before, would simply be, as the chairman and I have long felt, more sanctions on Iran but also an attack on their nuclear plant.    Now, if there is no deal, how long would the current sanctions regime hold? We are told time and time again that if there is no deal and the perception is that the United States walked away, that the rest of the international community would abandon the sanctions, even including our allies, like the U.K. and France and countries that have been most supportive of us. So if we are unable to sustain the sanctions regime and have a bombing of their plant which sets them back 2 years or 3 years or whatever it is, is that really a viable alternative? Anybody care to answer?    Dr. Makovsky?    Mr. Engel. Well, the point I am making is, while we all find aspects of these negotiations that we don't like--and I have been saying mine for over a year--it is not just accepting this deal or nothing. There are things that we are going to have to come to grips with. And I believe one of them is bombing the nuclear reactor.    The Europeans are seeking further economic ties with Iran. The Russians and Chinese are preparing to give up on the arms embargo and ballistic missile sanctions, as pointed out. Those are sanctions that are outside of the scope of the negotiations, clearly.    So to me, it says about the viability of sanctions enforcement, if a deal fails, we can see it eroding.    Let me also make another point. We have a Presidential election next year. One of the things that is always pointed out is that a new President is not necessarily bound by all the constraints of a deal that an administration negotiates. If the new President elected in 2016 feels that the Iranians are backtracking or not doing what they should be doing, then that President can move in a different direction.    One of the things that really disturbs me about this whole thing, and there are plenty of criticisms you can level at the administration or the President or the negotiations or whatever, but I want to go back to 2007, because I think there is blame here on a bipartisan basis, quite frankly. In 2007, when President Bush was President, the National Intelligence Estimate on Iran told us that Iran had abandoned making weapons, and we all thought there would be some kind of strike.    We are in this position right now because 10 years ago, 8 years ago, 6 years ago, 12 years ago, when we had the ability to really destroy Iran's nuclear capability, we didn't do it. And so we waited till 1 minute to 12, and now it is an impossible situation, because they are almost at the breakout point.    Why didn't we move sooner? Why didn't we move during the Bush administration when we thought they were going to do something? Why didn't we move when Iran wasn't spinning centrifuges, and didn't have the sophisticated centrifuges? What do you think?    I just think it shows a failure all the way around the political spectrum, not one party, everybody, that we failed to grasp the fact that this regime, the dangerous regime, poses a threat to us and our allies, and there is plenty of blame to go around all the way.    Mr. Rademaker.    Mr. Engel. Well, it looks better because they weren't as sophisticated. They didn't have all the centrifuges. It would have been easier to take out their nuclear capability way back when because it was a lot smaller.    Mr. Engel. That is true, and that is always pointed out by the administration when they tell us, well, you can't destroy technology. But I am saying it was a lot easier years ago when it was much smaller and easier to destroy than it is now. I mean, when Israel struck at Iraq, Iraq never recovered because their program was very, very small. The Iranian program was, obviously, much smaller 10 years ago, 6 years ago, than it is now.    Mr. Engel. I think their program is much more sophisticated in terms of being buried under mountains and things like that, and wasn't necessarily the case 10 years ago.    Dr. Doran.    Mr. Engel. Well, I have been--and I am going to end, Mr. Chairman, because I am way over--but, look, I have been as critical as many of you about a lot of this stuff. But we were told that the Bush administration would never leave office and allow Iran's capability, nuclear capability, to continue unfettered, and that is actually what happened.    So I am just pointing out, plenty of blame to go around. I think this has been a failure, frankly, in American policy going back a couple of decades.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.