    Mr. Palmer. I'm the guy you're looking for, the last one, I guess.    Mr. Camus, back in 2010--well, I guess it may have been 2013, information came out that indicated that Ms. Lerner had contacted the Department of Justice regarding the possibility of pursuing a criminal investigation into election crimes targeting 501(c)(4) organizations.    Do you know if any of the tapes contain the emails that would cover that?    Mr. Palmer. If that were in there--and I know this is a supposition, a hypothetical--but if it were in there, would that indicate an animus toward those groups, particularly in regard to what we believe was going on, denying certain 501(c)(4) organizations the tax status that they were seeking?    Mr. Palmer. I believe I should direct this to Mr. George. If not, Mr. Camus, you can answer it.    But the timeline that's been referenced repeatedly tonight, that was based on the initial evidence that you got, the initial emails. Would it be possible that the timeline could change based on new evidence?    Mr. Palmer. OK.    We had several members of the--several inspector generals in before this committee a few weeks ago, and the hearing revolved around the fact that this administration had not always been forthcoming, various agencies not always been forthcoming with documents.    Is there any indication that evidence or documents may have been withheld? In your investigation, have you had that problem?    Mr. Palmer. I just want--go ahead, Mr. George.    Mr. Palmer. Well, I have to wonder--obviously, the big issue is the supposedly erased emails or lost emails--but why the IRS didn't inform Congress sooner that they may have had the tapes that had the information on it and then whether or not they were forthcoming to the inspector general's office. Because I would assume that you were asking those questions.    Mr. Palmer. My last question is--you mentioned seven individuals that--I'm not sure if it was you that mentioned it or Mr. Meadows or Mr. DeSantis, and it is getting late--that there were seven other individuals who may have missing emails, as well, that were in that communication circle.    My question is, have you talked with them?    Mr. Palmer. Have they secured counsel?    Mr. Palmer. OK.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.