    Mr. Vale. Good afternoon, Chairman Abraham, Ranking Member Titus, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. Vietnam Veterans of America thanks you for the opportunity to present our views today. The real question that should be asked is why would we keep a claims system going that is wrong 70 percent of the time? VA-arranged decisions contain too many errors and Board decisions are too inconsistent. Any lasting solution needs to address these problems.    It is a well-established principle that VA's mission is to provide benefits to veterans and their families in a non-adversarial, pro-claimant system. When Congress enacted judicial review for veterans' claims in 1988, it did so with the clear intent to ensure a beneficial, non-adversarial system of veterans' benefits. We support modernizing the VA system so that all veterans receive more timely and accurate adjudication of their claims and appeals. And we support improving the efficiency of the claims adjudication and appeals process. Nonetheless, these changes cannot come at the expense of abandoning due process and other major aspects of the pro-claimant system designed by Congress.    VA's motto is ``To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan.'' In practice, however, it appears the mission for some VA bureaucrats is to limit the government's liability to our Nation's veterans by formalizing the claims and appeals process to the point where benefits are unfairly restricted. As General Bradley, VA's first administrator, said in 1946, ``We are dealing with veterans, not procedures; with their problems, not ours.    Veterans should not have to give up any of their rights in order for VA to process their claims and appeals more quickly. In the past, some VBA executives have even gone as far as to suggest reducing the notice of disagreement period from 1 year to just 60 days, change the standard review at the Board from de novo to appellate review, close the record at the Board and eliminate all decision review officer positions. Yet, none of these suggestions actually benefits veterans, but it does make the VA's job easier.    Vietnam Veterans of America has put forth eleven suggestions in our testimony that will move forward to fixing the VA system. You each have a copy of those items. The crutch of the problem here is VA has an inadequate number of staff to deal with its enormous backlog of claims and appeals and they work in a flawed work credit system that favors quality over quantity. Therefore, we suggest fixing the work credit system.    BVA's supervisors and employees need to stop gaming the work credit system. It shouldn't be easier and quicker to deny a claim than to grant one. VA still has to fulfill its statutory duty to assist. There should be no work credit awarded for taking shortcuts. If a claim is denied, no work credit should be awarded until the duty to assist is fulfilled.    Next, VA should increase the number of staff. VBA needs more raters and DROs, and the Board of Veterans' Appeals needs more veteran law judges. For example, let's look at the Waco regional office. They only have eight DROs, yet they have over 18,700 appeals. That is 2,300 appeals per DRO. That is the highest DRO workload in the country. Put in another way, they have eight DROs trying to do the work of 30. The national average is 640 appeals per DRO.    Mr. Chairman, would it surprise you that Waco makes up 15 to 20 percent of all of our appeals at the Board of Veterans' Appeals? The board has 65 veteran law judges. In contrast, the Social Security Administration has over 500. Clearly, the Board needs more veteran law judges as its appeals backlog continues to climb. An even better solution is a round table discussion or discussions among VSOs, members of this committee, and VA representatives to resolve these issues.    In closing, the war against Japan lasted 1,347 days. In 2013, it took VA an average of 1,603 days to issue a final agency decision on remanded veteran appeals. Mr. Chairman, the appeal should not last longer than the largest war our nation has ever fought.    Thank you for the opportunity to present our views today, and I should be glad to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Vale. Mr. Chairman, the VA never seems to have enough time to do the job right the first time, but has plenty of time to do the job wrong over and over again. With inadequate resources, VA is having to rob Peter to pay Paul. Veterans' benefits are a cost to war, and VA needs more resources because of the mismatch between supply and demand. The VA needs more staff to accomplish its mission. And also, the work credit system needs to be fixed. We always hear about raters being fired for not meeting their quotas, but we never heard of a rater being fired for poor quality. And so you have an agency that is underfunded with the work credit system that incentivizes quantity over quality and that needs to be stopped.    And lastly, something else that would be, as far as the appeals, it is best to prevent an appeal. It is best to resolve at the lowest level possible. And as a service officer, I have prevented a lot of appeals at the regional office by being able to go directly to the rater, correct the problem without even having to go into the appeals process. And I am concerned that is going to be taken away from us with a national work queue, which is in my statement.    Thank you.    Mr. Vale. Mr. Chairman, the simplified notification letter does not provide an adequate reasoning basis for a veteran to make a decision. And when they presented this to us, we told them this is a bad idea. The abbreviation for simplified notification level is SNL, similar to Saturday Night Live, but we told them it is still not ready for prime time. It doesn't provide an adequate reasoning basis. And on top of this, now they have introduced this new NOD form and they are calling veterans, if you want help with your appeal, check the box here and some VA will call you. And also they ask the veteran to ask what they think the percentage disability should be and we are opposed to that. But again, the simplified notification letters are inadequate, and they need to be improved.