    Ms. Jackson Lee. I want to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for yielding.    I want to raise a question about the U visa and those who work with immigrant crime victims. And I have had legislation on that issue regarding benefits that immigrant victims, crime victims, can get.    But they were asking you to implement a parole program for those on the U visa waiting list. And can you tell us what is delaying implementing this program that is so vital to immigrant crime victims so that they can participate in the criminal justice system and render justice?    And what comes to mind, of course, first, is the domestic violence, the issue of being taken advantage of, robbed, assaulted, raped, based upon their vulnerability and their inability to testify.    And can I give you a series of questions? So it's the U visa and how long it's been taking to implement it. I'd be very interested in that.    We had the Director from Department of Justice from the EOIR, dealing with immigration courts, but I also know that you work, with your responsibilities, to deal with asylum seekers coming into the United States. And I just wanted a sort of forceful, if you can give it, confidence of the vetting process that you have for those refugees.    Some landed in Houston on Monday, and I hope that the response in Houston was a celebratory one. Because of the recent discussions--they happen to be from Syria--all the news cameras and stations were going to film or record their coming into the State.    I might say that we have been taking refugees in the State of Texas for a very long time, and I'm delighted that the State of Texas abandoned what was an illegal action to attempt to stop the refugees from coming in. But I'd be happy for a--as forceful and vigorous as you can.    My last question, which is one that I may want to probe a little bit more, but I really want to track the fiance visa. And let me be very clear. Over the years, I've seen a number of our men and women who have worn the uniform who have brought in their fiances from the place in which they have taken up arms. And these were wonderful marriages, and this was a wonderful tribute to the diversity of people.    But in the instance of the terrorists and this individual, I cannot help but wonder, having discovered publicly that this person had been radicalized for 1 or 2 years, as to where we were in that visa vetting program. Because it hurts the program, and it should not. But she went to very conspicuous places. She was an educated woman, which is unusual--when I say ``unusual,'' in terms of how far education is allowed to go in some communities.    So if you can at least give me some framework. And, as I understand it, her point of departure was Saudi Arabia. And so I am very disturbed that she even got into the United States and received a fiance visa. And maybe I should ask the question, and I can receive it in whatever form, but how long that process took.    So if you could just start quickly with the U visa and then the asylum question, refugee question, and then this K-1 visa, I'd appreciate it very much.    Ms. Jackson Lee. And you keep me updated, please, the Committee.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Rodriguez, before you go to the last one, in my review of the process, there are at least 21 steps. Some of those probably are yours; some of them are the State Department. But what you are suggesting is it is a layered review.    And just as a testimony which Members don't give, I have in my State Texas Impact, Catholic Charities, and Interfaith Ministries, of which I used to be the chairman of the board. All have been engaged in refugee resettlement over the years, and I have to strain myself to find an incident out of the refugee resettlement program. You have an ally in me. But I think it is important for the American people to know how stringent the vetting process is.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. May I just pursue a line of questioning?    When you say reviewing it, I mean, what would you look at? I mean, if you want to look at the present circumstance objectively, without going into the details, you have a person that seems to have traveled to--or came from very challenging areas. And she wasn't marrying a former military or a military person. And it seems that there needed to be more assessment, longer period of time, than what we did.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me finish, if the Chairman would indulge me just for a moment----    Ms. Jackson Lee. You're very kind, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Yes, I will do so.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much, Mr. Chairman.    The Ranking Member and myself went down to the border, a summer or two ago, dealing with Central American families that we still maintain were fleeing horrific conditions, persecution. And they are in the asylum process, which is seemingly delayed, and they are now in detention in a lot of numbers.    We've made some progress. But what are you doing with those families that have basically been documented that they are fleeing murder, pillage, drugs, heinous acts, and they're in detention as opposed to moving through the asylum process?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, I have two items to put into the record, if I might: a letter dated May 7, 2015, to Mr. Leon Rodriguez from a number of organizations, dealing with the question of the U visa and the numbers of women who experience domestic violence, sexual assault, dating violence, who need to come under the U visa, and for it to be moved quickly.    I ask unanimous consent for the letter to be put into the record.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I have an op-ed indicating ``Gilman: Asylum-seeking families need help, not detention,'' dated December 1, 2015. I would like to ask for it to be placed into the record.    The Gowdy. Without objection.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.