    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I rarely have a conversation about general immigration policy in which the issue of birthright citizenship is not raised, yet it has been several years--nearly 10, I believe--since this Subcommittee has looked at the issue. So I thank the gentleman from South Carolina for holding this hearing.    The discussion is important as we move forward with any reforms to immigration law and policy. Birthright citizenship is the principle that the place of an individual's birth automatically determines that individual's citizenship.    The U.S. policy on birthright citizenship stems from the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, of which the citizenship clause states that: All persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States.    Congress subsequently included that language in the statute.    However, as we will hear today, the phrase ``subject to the jurisdiction thereof'' is central to the debate over whether the U.S. Constitution requires that the U.S. adhere to birthright citizenship. It is central to the question of whether the U.S.-born children of unlawful aliens should be considered citizens at birth.    A close look at and discussion of the legislative history of the 14th Amendment, the language of the Civil Rights Act of 1866, and relevant case law, like Elk v. Wilkins and United States v. Wong Kim Ark, are central to the determining the meaning of ``subject to the jurisdiction thereof.''    The question of whether our forefathers meant for birthright citizenship in all circumstances to be the law of the land is far from settled. In any event, we must still determine if it is the right policy for America today.    Very few countries with advanced economies have a policy of birthright citizenship. In fact, of the G20 countries, only the United States, Canada, and Mexico automatically grant citizenship based on the individual being born in the country, despite the citizenship or immigration status of the parents. That is not to say that just because other countries do not have a certain policy or law, the U.S. should not have that policy or law. But, as Members of Congress, we should have an open and honest discussion about the consequences of automatic birthright citizenship.    Evidence suggests that automatic birthright citizenship incentivizes illegal immigration and abuse of U.S. immigration law and policy. And extremely troubling is the rise of the birth tourism phenomenon in which pregnant women from foreign countries briefly come to the U.S. Specifically to give birth here so that their children become U.S. citizens. The women and children then return to their home countries. This is becoming a multimillion dollar business in certain areas of the U.S. where maternity hotels advertise in foreign countries to house pregnant foreign nationals in the U.S. until they give birth. Even if you believe that birthright citizenship is the right policy for the United States--and I do not--but even if you do, such abuse of our generous policy is unacceptable.    I look forward to the witness testimony and the discussion of whether and how to change the U.S. birthright citizenship policy.    And I yield back.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.