    Mrs. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing.    And I thank each of our witnesses for your testimony.    I firmly believe that consumers have the right to make informed decisions about the food they eat. I hope this is a point on which we all can agree.    And I think there is general agreement that a good Federal standard for genetically engineered, or GE, labeling is preferable to a confusing patchwork of State labeling rules. But there is disagreement about exactly what that standard should be. And I am not convinced that H.R. 1599 will assure consumers that they have the reliable and clear information that they are looking for.    Dr. Jaffe, do you think this bill meets consumer demands for clear, consistent labeling of GE products?    Ms. Capps. That would be great.    Mrs. Capps. Well, could you provide for us, within your purview, the difference between organic, non-GMO, and natural food products? How do these types of products differ from one another? Just to set the record straight here.    Mrs. Capps. OK.    Mrs. Capps. Right. OK. That is clear then.    Non-GMO, is that----    Mrs. Capps. Oh.    Mrs. Capps. OK.    Mrs. Capps. I understand.    Consumers, however, we all agree, should not be confused about something as basic and fundamental as the food they eat. And consumers should be able to trust that the labeling on the food is accurate and truthful.    And FDA currently has a policy of self-regulation. Producers have the option to voluntarily label their GE foods. However, over 15 years after the implementation of this policy, very few products on the market have been labeled as being genetically engineered. Yet we all know there is a great number of GE foods on the market.    The fact is consumers want to know if their food is GE, and they are calling on policymakers to help make this information more accessible. And I think that is why we are looking carefully at Vermont's new law, because it is a reflection of this consumer demand.    Mr. Daloz, can you explain how the Vermont law differentiates between foods that are labeled as ``produced with genetic engineering,'' and foods that are labeled as ``partially produced with genetic engineering''? What is the difference there?    Mrs. Capps. I see.    Mrs. Capps. Well, I submit that we need to make sure that labels are clear and informative for consumers, and H.R. 1599 falls short of this standard. But I hope we can work together to find the right balance that works for both consumers, as Vermont has done, or is doing, and industry as well.    And, with that, I yield back the balance. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.