    Dr. Schuchat. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, and members of committee. I am Dr. Anne Schuchat, Director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.    Influenza virus is a formidable adversary. Influenza's propensity to change presents unique challenges. New flu vaccines must be developed each year based on the predictions of which viruses are likely to be most common during the next season. Vaccine development is complex and time-consuming, typically requiring vaccine candidates that grow well in eggs and provide immunity in humans. And while we tackle seasonal flu, we must conduct constant global surveillance and prepare for the emergence of dramatically changed or shifted influenza virus that could trigger the next pandemic.    Over the past decade, we have made significant improvements in our ability to detect, prevent, and respond to influenza, yet, despite our improvements, the current severe influenza season has been difficult. My colleagues and I represent agencies that work together to respond to seasonal and pandemic flu. The NIH supports research on vaccines, diagnostic tools, and antiviral drugs for seasonal and pandemic influenza. The Food and Drug Administration regulates influenza vaccines, convening public health and influenza disease experts to recommend which influenza virus strains should be included in FDA-licensed vaccines.    The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, BARDA, supports advanced research, development, and procurement of innovative medical countermeasures to address manmade and emerging infectious diseases, including influenza pandemics. And at CDC, we support surveillance and diagnostic capacity to rapidly detect, prevent, and respond to annual influenza epidemics, and novel and pandemic influenza threats.    Our CDC systems provide the scientific basis for global vaccine virus selection for seasonal flu, vaccine as well as for pandemic vaccine stockpiling. We monitor for genetic changes in the flu virus, and identify how these changes affect disease transmission and severity. We build public awareness and provide our knowledge about prevention and early treatment, and support public sector delivery of routine and emergency immunizations.    The 2014/15 influenza season has proven a particularly bad season. The virus that is predominant, H3N2, is associated with more severe disease. The vaccine we are using is not well matched to circulating H3N2 strains. Antivirals can be important aids in some patients, but clinicians are underutilizing them.    How do we find ourselves with vaccine that isn't well matched to the circulating H3N2 viruses? When the 2014/15 flu vaccine strains were selected last February, the drifted virus we are seeing now was not yet detected. A small number of these drifted viruses were first detected in March 2014, and CDC continued to monitor them throughout the summer, looking for genetic patterns and geographic spread.    In September 2014, when we began promoting seasonal vaccination, about \1/2\ of the H3N2 viruses circulating were like the vaccine component. When the influenza season took off at the end of November, only \1/3\ of the H3N2 viruses CDC detected were like the vaccine component. Our early vaccine effectiveness estimate found people vaccinated had about 23 percent lower risk of influenza infection requiring a medical visit. While this is lower than we usually see, the vaccine is providing some protection.    Influenza viruses follow their own schedules, not ours. New strains can emerge at any time. Some appear and die out, and others persist and spread. Our actions are proportional to risks. We work year-round to detect and characterize viruses of concern that circulate globally, monitor their emergence and geographic spread, and develop viable vaccine candidates for drift viruses as they occur. When we detected relatively small numbers of the drifted H3N2 strain late last spring, CDC began preparing candidate vaccine virus strains.    As the Nation's public health agency, we are committed to provide the information people need to protect their patients' and families' health, and to be transparent in our assessments and the evidence base that supports our recommendations.    As a physician and a public health professional, I too wish we could guarantee better protection each year, yet, we have made significant advances on several fronts. Our surveillance network is characterizing more viruses with improved methods. Significantly more Americans get flu vaccine each year, and information on viruses, disease, and vaccination is released more rapidly.    In closing, this flu season has caused more suffering and serious disease than many previous years, and there will be more challenging seasons ahead, but collaboration across the agencies, and with our public and private partners, holds promise for the future, including progress toward development of universal influenza vaccines, since better, broader, and long-lasting protection could transform our approach to this challenging virus.    Dr. Schuchat. Vaccines save lives and are the best way for parents to protect their children----    Dr. Schuchat . From vaccine-preventable diseases.    Dr. Schuchat. We were certainly keeping a close eye on this drifted strain last May, and that is when the CDC began to develop a candidate vaccine virus, but as you know, it can be very challenging to develop candidate vaccine viruses, and to take it from a candidate to all the way to production of vaccine, all the way to production of hundreds of millions of doses of vaccine.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, there were. In fact, in March, we started to reach out to the global community, the international WHO collaborating centers, when we saw the first handful of this drifted strain to ask others were they seeing it.    I think it is important to realize that strains emerge and can disappear, and in the spring, it is very difficult to know which ones will still be around in the summer or fall. We actually respond to these new drifted strains by working on candidate vaccine viruses, but it is very difficult with influenza to predict what strains will dominate, whether it is going to be an H3N2 year or a H1N1 year. And so we continue to go through the routine seasonal flu work while we are also developing the candidate vaccine virus----    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, we have information for the summer. It is important to remember that there is very limited influenza circulating here in the U.S. in the summer, and it takes off in the fall. That is one of the reasons we do global worldwide surveillance----    Dr. Schuchat . And we have greatly increased the numbers there.    Dr. Schuchat. Thanks. I think it is important--Dr. Fauci talked about the idea of drift and the idea of shift, and I think the members remember in 2009 where, in the spring of 2009, we did decide it was important to go forward with a monovalent vaccine----    Dr. Schuchat . Against a pandemic. We think of pandemics as having catastrophic risk because they generally are defined by a new strain that the population has no protection against at all. It is so differing from----    Dr. Schuchat. The time between developing a candidate vaccine virus, which we started working on in May, and the ability to have a lot of doses is about 6 months. So it really wouldn't be available----    Dr. Schuchat. The large amounts of vaccine were only available in November in 2009, after having really started in May.    Dr. Schuchat. Thanks. I think another point that is important to make is the difference between the laboratory mismatch and the clinical protection. In 2003/04, we had a laboratory mismatch. It turned out that when we measured clinical protection, protection was about 50 to 60 percent in different populations. So seeing that in the lab in that hemagglutinin inhibition testing that there is drift or that there is a difference between the strain and the vaccine, and the strains that are circulating, doesn't perfectly predict how the vaccines will work in practice. So I think it is very important to differentiate that decision to make a monovalent vaccine against a pandemic where we know there is not going to be the widespread protection because people haven't seen the strain before, and where it is a race against time in terms of the--although it is challenging with current technology, the value of trying to make a vaccine is worth it.    Dr. Schuchat. By which--OK.    Dr. Schuchat. Absolutely.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, so far, there have been 102 people from 14 States that have developed measles in 2015. There are another 11 cases of measles from the end of 2014 that were linked to the Disneyland outbreak. Not all of the 102 cases this year are linked with Disneyland, but the majority are.    The majority of people in these outbreaks so far have not been vaccinated. Only a small number are known to have been vaccinated. Important to remember that there are about 20 million measles cases around the world each year, and so measles is literally a plane ride away. When it gets into communities like the United States now, in certain pockets where a lot of people are unimmunized, it has a chance to spread. And so that is why California is really working day and night to follow every lead and put an end to it there. And that is why the health departments in every State are really on alert right now.    Dr. Schuchat. Every parent wants their child to be healthy and safe, and I absolutely respect that. As a physician and as a public health expert, I can tell you the measles, mumps, rubella, or MMR, vaccine is very effective and very safe.    Measles can be serious, and I would hate for a parent to think that everything will be fine, and have a bad outcome with their child. So I strongly recommend people talk with their physicians and get the right information, but personally, I would definitely have my child vaccinated.    Dr. Schuchat. You know, I think that parents' decisions to vaccinate their kids are often related to their sense of the threat and their sense of the value of the intervention. And we are so fortunate in this country that our disease rates have been quite low, that many parents don't realize these diseases are still out there, and that if their children aren't vaccinated, they will come back. So with the measles outbreak, I think most parents who weren't vaccinating didn't realize measles was still around and could be dangerous.    In terms of the value of the intervention, it is important for parents to have all the information they need about the safety, the effectiveness, the risks, and benefits. It is important to me that parents know that the immunization system is deeply committed to transparency, to monitoring vaccine safety, to sharing information about risks when we determine them, and to updating our recommendations whenever there is new data. Right now, we know that the vaccines we are giving are saving lives and saving money. For each dollar we put in, we get about $10 back for the childhood immunization series.    So what we do to try to support and promote immunization is a strong public-private partnership between healthcare professionals, doctors and nurses, and pharmacists, and community groups and consumer groups, to get information where it is needed, when it is needed, in many different formats. We know that most people trust their doctors and nurses more than they trust me or other public figures, and so we really try to support the doctors, nurses, pharmacists, that are that frontline.    Dr. Schuchat. We are well along in the season, but it is difficult to say whether there will be a long tail or not. In many areas it is flattening off but not deeply declining yet. And sometimes later in the season, we see another strain increase. We have had many seasons where one of the H1N1 or H3N2 starts off the season, and one of the B strains will be quite common later on. So we are not out of the woods. It is important for people to be thinking about this. And we particularly want people to know that if they develop flu-like symptoms, and they are pregnant or they are very elderly, or have other immuno-compromising conditions, early treatment with antivirals could be very helpful to them. So they should speak with their clinician.    Dr. Schuchat. And just briefly, we recommend people get vaccinated with the vaccine that is available. And so while providers and pharmacists get all that information about the different types, it is much more important to get a vaccine than to worry about which one is there.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes. Let me answer sort of both parts. The high-dose vaccine is one of the licensed vaccines that is recommended, and the company that makes it doesn't make enough of it for all people 65 and over----    Dr. Schuchat . But they have been increasing the production. So it is included in the September and February recommendations. The recommendations are really just which vaccines to--which virus strains to target, and then there are all these different formulations like high-dose.    The other thing I just wanted to comment on about is sort of the mismatch. I want to just point out that in the past 20 years, this is the fourth time that we have had an important mismatch between one of the circulating viruses and the vaccine and what dominates. So it is very disturbing when we have this and we have excess disease burden, but the vast majority of recommended strains have actually been on track. Even though, when we have a good match, a well-matched vaccine type, we have a lot of morbidity and mortality from influenza, and I think it is one of these diseases that we as scientists take very seriously, but the American public takes a bit for granted. So we wish that we had more people vaccinated each year, and that we wish that people who need to get the antivirals would get them early, but we have work to do in terms of the medical community and the public----    Dr. Schuchat . And in having them take----    Dr. Schuchat . It seriously.    Dr. Schuchat. Um-hum. I want to stress that we were not----    Dr. Schuchat. There were many activities taken to address the emergence of drifted strain, including preparing a candidate vaccine virus----    Dr. Schuchat. The issue of protection is both what strains are dominant, what efficacy the vaccine has, and how many people can get the vaccine. So a highly effective vaccine with very few doses available may not be as good as a moderate- or a low-efficacy vaccine and a lot of doses available.    Dr. Schuchat. I don't think that----    Dr. Schuchat. No, what I am saying is that we did begin to prepare the candidate vaccine virus so that companies would be able to produce a vaccine against the drifted strain. This particular strain has been quite challenging to produce vaccines against.    Dr. Schuchat. Thank you. Yes, for the past 5 years or so, we have ranged between 19 and 35 million cases of influenza illness each year, between 110,000 and almost 600,000 hospitalizations each year, and 5,300 to 39,000 deaths attributable to influenza. Those are in the past 5 years. In that same period, the vaccination efforts we have had have been reducing the full burden by about 16 to 17 percent. You know, we would have more disease, deaths, and hospitalizations without vaccination, but it is not as high a prevented----    Dr. Schuchat . Fraction as we see for measles, where we are preventing 99 percent, you know, of the disease. And that is partly because we don't have high coverage.    Dr. Schuchat. Well, we have gone from 19 percent of Americans getting vaccinated against flu, to 46 percent. So that is a big improvement, but it is not the majority yet. The other factor though besides the coverage is the effectiveness, and even in a good year, we are seeing vaccines that work about 60 percent efficacy, and so that is why we are very committed to the interagency work on developing vaccines that could have higher effectiveness, particularly in the most vulnerable populations.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, you know, the vast majority of deaths are in seniors, but unfortunately, we do have children die every year. More than 60 children have died so far this flu season, and I fear that is not going to be the end of it. So we know that statistics say if you are elderly, if you have medical immunocompromising conditions, if you are under 2, you have more chance of being hospitalized or dying from flu, but many parents can tell you that their child was perfectly healthy and they actually lost a child. So I really want parents and the general public to know to take flu seriously.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes. Overall, the H3N2 serious years have higher total morbidity and mortality, but as Dr. Midthun says, the H1N1 has a predilection for younger people.    Dr. Schuchat. One of the things that the investments in influenza have permitted, the resources that CDC has gotten over the past several years, is expansion of the systems by which we track influenza, and track influenza vaccine coverage, and track influenza vaccine effectiveness. So we have much better data today than we had several years ago. We are able to provide estimates in the middle of the year of how many people have gotten vaccinated, as well as how well the vaccine is working so far.    We work with State and local health departments in the surveillance systems, and we work with academic university partners in measurement of influenza vaccine effectiveness, essentially, comparing people who have influenza laboratory-confirmed disease with others to look back at their vaccination history and basically quantify the vaccine effectiveness that way. We release our data every week on something called FluView. It is on our Web site. And so you can essentially look in October 3 and see the first information about the drifted strain. So every week as that comes out, you can follow what is going on. But in mid-January, in fact, we sped up the vaccine effectiveness estimates so that the public would know them as quickly as possible.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, that is right.    Dr. Schuchat. You know, the manufacturing capacity to respond in September to vaccine strain recommendations in large number of doses would get us a large number of doses probably February or so. So I mean Dr. Robinson might be able to comment a little bit more, but the ability for us to make a Northern Hemisphere recommendation for a vaccine in September, and have doses in time for the flu season, would be very low. And we take that type of step when we are worried about a pandemic, and I think the committee is raising the question of should we take that type of step when it is not a pandemic situation but a drift.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes.    Dr. Schuchat. Um-hum.    Dr. Schuchat. Right.    Dr. Schuchat. Um-hum.    Dr. Schuchat. Um-hum.    Dr. Schuchat. The 46 percent that are vaccinated is based on last year's end of season, so the 40-some percent was the early, you know, by November, how many had gotten vaccinated.    You are right that the majority still haven't gotten the flu vaccine, and this is something that we think is going to take years of work. Part of the issue is whether there is a concern about the disease, and part of the issue is whether there is confidence in the intervention. And as you know, the intervention has different efficacy, different years. So it is not a simple message and it is one that we work hard to communicate honestly and clearly.    Dr. Schuchat. The vaccine prediction is most of the time good. So out of the last 20 years, this is the fourth time where there has been an important mismatch. And in some of the previous times where there has been mismatch, there has still been much higher efficacy than what we are seeing this year. This year will be a difficult year to follow in terms of our messaging. We do want people to know that influenza can be serious, and that the vaccine is still the most effective way to reduce your risk, but we also want people to know about antivirals, because we think those are also underutilized and could actually reduce the duration of the illness, and even reduce the chance of being hospitalized in some patients. And so we think it is important to get both messages out.    Dr. Schuchat. You know, I think the resources that have been provided have been incredibly valuable, and there is both a short-term and a long-term strategy. You know, the short-term strategy, to use available tools better, and to make incremental improvements in the production and distribution of vaccine, and the long-term strategy that Dr. Fauci and Dr. Robinson were talking about with the research and investments in universal vaccines. So I think we can't just do one or the other, we really have to do both, but it will be years before there is that really much, much, much better flu vaccine. And we are fortunate that we have a lot of options now and a much better supply horizon than we have had, you know, 5 or 10 years ago. So I think we really need to just stick with it and make those incremental improvements, and make sure that the public gets the correct information, the accurate information, that we are honest when he have a year like this where it is quite difficult. And unfortunately, the vaccine is only preventing about 23 percent of what it might be, but that is still significant protection.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes. Ironically, the elderly are the best at getting vaccinated. It is about 70 percent or so of them, but the vaccine works the worst in that population. And they really do rely on the rest of the population being protected to have more confidence that they will be safe too. So it is one of those vaccine-preventable diseases where the more people that are immunized, the better. And, of course, in the future we hope that we will have even more effective tools.    Dr. Schuchat. You know, in that era, you didn't need to mandate polio vaccines. People were lining up. I think the whole country was so thrilled that there was a polio vaccine licensed----    Dr. Schuchat . In 1955 because that was such an incredible scourge. The mandates, the school requirements, really were shown in the 1980's to massively reduce the risk of measles outbreaks in schools, and it was really only when States required kindergarten entry to have measles vaccine documentation that we started to get a better handle on----    Dr. Schuchat . Measles, and then----    Dr. Schuchat . Of course, in 2000, we were able to eliminate native measles here in the U.S.    Dr. Schuchat. Actually, it was lower than that.    Dr. Schuchat. It was like 4 percent.    Dr. Schuchat. In April----    Dr. Schuchat . Fourteen viruses were shown that had reduced susceptibility to the strain, and that was out of 127, so that would be 11 percent.    Dr. Schuchat. In June, July, and August, there were 88 viruses identified from the whole world that had reduced reaction, and so that comes to 36 percent.    Dr. Schuchat. With reduced, you know, that were mismatch.    Dr. Schuchat. Absolutely.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, maybe I can start and let Dr. Robinson continue.    I think one thing to recognize in the summer is that we were looking at increasing proportions of H3N2 that were not well matched to the vaccine, but we still had the other 2 or 3 different strains that were in the vaccine. So the concept of producing a monovalent vaccine--we might have been asking the American public to take a monovalent vaccine plus the tri or quadrivalent seasonal vaccine. As we have been hearing, the American public isn't all that keen to get one flu vaccine a year. Would they really be lining up to get 2? But there are, of course, major limitations in the manufacturing capacity to make 2 different products for the same season. So I will let Dr. Robinson answer that.    Dr. Schuchat. Actually, it wasn't that there was something different, it is that every September the strains are reviewed worldwide. All----    Dr. Schuchat . Of them.    Dr. Schuchat. Thank--yes.    Dr. Schuchat. Right. In September every year, the groups convene to review all the data for the Southern Hemisphere production, and that is because it takes that long to get vaccine that will be ready by that time. It is not----    Dr. Schuchat . Because we are not looking all the way between.    Dr. Schuchat. Not----    Dr. Schuchat. No.    Dr. Schuchat. Not the vaccines we are using today.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, we have a multipronged approach to prevention. The best protection is to get vaccinated. We also recommend sensible measures like washing your hands, covering your cough, staying home when you are sick, staying away from other people when you are sick. And then, of course, if you are ill, and particularly those with underlying conditions or the elderly, we think prompt antivirals can be important, and so talk to your clinician about that.    Dr. Schuchat. I don't have that data, but there have been analyses showing the value of vaccination to reduce workplace absenteeism and to improve productivity.    Dr. Schuchat. So we think it is a good thing for health, and it is also a good thing for the workplace to be protected against flu. To stay home for when you are sick for a variety of conditions is good counsel.    Dr. Schuchat. We think the easier it is for people to do the right thing, the better.    Dr. Schuchat. I don't believe so. The key issues is a risk assessment and trying to predict the most likely course of events, but I believe there are authorities if the decision is made to go ahead with the monovalent, whether for pandemic or for drift.    Dr. Schuchat. The Vaccine Injury Compensation Program exists so that product liability won't be a factor, so that we can make sure that we have vaccines made but the people who are injured by vaccines are compensated. And so the funding from that comes from an excised tax on every vaccine dose that is sold, so that we know that vaccines are very safe, but there are sometimes rare, important complications, and the Injury Compensation Program exists for those families who have been injured.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, last week there was a new meta-analysis of all the published and unpublished randomized control trial data on Oseltamivir, and it shed new light on the benefits as well as potential risks that--there is----    Dr. Schuchat . Benefit for the work.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes. When we compare this season with 2 years ago, the 2012/13 season, the last big H3N2 season, much of the pattern is similar, but our hospitalizations in the elderly are much higher at the same time this year. So we will get the end-of-season statistics, but it has been a very bad year for the elderly.    Dr. Schuchat. Um-hum.    Dr. Schuchat. Right. Yes, we are seeing, you know, both the lab mismatch and then our vaccine effectiveness low estimate, and then the incidents of the hospitalizations is high.    Dr. Schuchat. For influenza vaccine, I think it is too soon for us to see, but we do know that there are important disparities in influenza vaccination coverage, and that insured people have been more likely to be vaccinated than uninsured. So I think that over the years ahead, we may start to see some progress there.    Dr. Schuchat. Um-hum.    Dr. Schuchat. That is right. We----    Dr. Schuchat. And we know even for the workplace, for instance, when workplaces will offer flu vaccine for free for workers or, particularly for healthcare workers, the uptake is better than when it is out-of-pocket, off-site, need-to-seek vaccine.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, we spend quite a bit of time and attention monitoring the social media as well as the general media, and we work closely at the national level, but also at the State and local level, on communication, both direct to consumer as well as through clinicians and other trusted partners, because we think getting information that speaks to you close to where you are is really important in your health behaviors.    I would just like to say that the vast majority of parents vaccinate their kids against most of the recommended diseases on time, and yet there are some minor voices that get a lot of attention.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, I will just make an overview comment that production of flu vaccine has been increasing over the past decade, with more, you know, factories in the U.S., more companies, more products, but we also have to work on demand, and the more vaccine we use every year, the more the companies will make. They don't make lots of vaccine at a risk. And so it is a cycle that is interdependent. But Dr. Robinson can talk about the cell-based plant and some of the other manufacturing efforts.    Dr. Schuchat. I don't have the numbers, but there was a----    Dr. Schuchat . An enormous change in the epidemiology----    Dr. Schuchat. Well, but instead of flu coming down, it was going up after the season----    Dr. Schuchat . With a completely different strain.    Dr. Schuchat. So----    Dr. Schuchat. Um-hum.    Dr. Schuchat. It can extend to May. It can end earlier.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, a public health emergency is not a black-and-white definition.    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, the issue with a pandemic is that the potential impact is exceptionally greater than the normal range. It----    Dr. Schuchat. One would be----    Dr. Schuchat. One would be declaring that much in advance of seeing the deaths, because of the time needed to take steps to intervene.    Dr. Schuchat. I think we could probably provide the language about a public health emergency. What I was trying to say was that it is not the same for each condition, for each disease or----    Dr. Schuchat. Yes, I----    Dr. Schuchat. In 2009, a new strain emerged from animals that had genetic re-assortment that was completely unique to humans. And so what we are dealing with with the drift is slight changes, a very different scenario. But what you indicate is correct that the ultimate burden of disease from a drifted H3N2 strain may end up being greater than a completely new to humans re-assortment like the H1N1----    Dr. Schuchat . Swine-origin pathogen in 2009.    Dr. Schuchat. We would be happy to provide follow-up on the public health emergency and how that is defined. Sure.    Dr. Schuchat. You know, I think that adjuvanted influenza vaccines hold a lot of promise, and I know that the FDA has licensed one so far in the U.S. In terms of extending the supply and also----    Dr. Schuchat . And also potentially expanding the immune response. As you heard from some of the measles discussions, here in the U.S. our population has a lot of questions about vaccines and about their safety, and they have, even in 2009 when we were doing community engagement around H1N1 vaccination, we had lots of questions about whether there would be adjuvants in those vaccines or not. In Europe, they use adjuvanted----    Dr. Schuchat . H1N1 vaccines and we didn't. Our public really needs to come along with us in the scientific endeavor, and so I think that is an area where the FDA is really critical in reviewing the safety data.    Dr. Schuchat. We appreciate the chance to work closely with industry as they are doing their early development and research.    Dr. Schuchat. We welcome companies to come meet with us to share their ideas, and we----    Dr. Schuchat . Share all of the information----    Dr. Schuchat . We have in terms of the public health burden----    Dr. Schuchat . Need and likely interest in terms of public or providers.    Dr. Schuchat. So we do that regularly, and we welcome the opportunity to do it systematically.