    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. McCarthy, the EPA internal review documents of the spill said there is no documentation of flow for the Gold King Mine adit available before July 2005, when the adit was discharging about 42 gallons per minute. Then, in September of 2005, it was up to 135 gallons per minute; in 2006, it increased to 314 gallons per minute; 2009-2014, the rate dropped again, all the way down to 13 gallons per minutes in September of 2014. According to the documentation your staff gave our committee staff on September 8, post-blowout adit discharge is approximately 600 gallons per minute. Is there any new data since September 8 that changes the 600 gallons per minute discharge rate?    Mr. Gohmert. OK. You were coming to testify, and you do not know if EPA has made it worse since September 8 or made it better?    Mr. Gohmert. The problem is--and I love a good demonstration--but when we show tea or any other thing, and we are talking about real sludge, the facts are that before the blowout, the discharge rate was 70 gallons per minute; that is 100,800 gallons per day. Now, 600, maybe 550, but we are talking about 800,000-900,000 gallons, up 8 or 9 times what it was. That is with the EPA handling----    Mr. Gohmert . And, Ms. McCarthy, I am just blown away. You indicate that you did not anticipate--the EPA did not anticipate--that this type of blowout could occur. Now, when a----    Mr. Gohmert. Oh, OK. So you just went into it knowing this kind of damage could occur, but not preparing for it.    Mr. Gohmert. OK. But it never crossed EPA's mind that you may do more damage than you did good?    Mr. Gohmert. OK. Then what activity did you do to be prepared for when the flood gates flew open, and you did this kind of damage to the environment?    Mr. Gohmert. How were you prepared for that----    Mr. Gohmert . Other than with waivers of claim certificates?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, we are going to find out about that from Colorado, because you have told us before--you testified on July 9 under the Waters of the United States Rule that that was developed--you said, ``It is available in the docket, that is what we relied on, both the knowledge and expertise of our staff, the information we received from the public, and comments that--the science that is available to us.''    But on April 27, Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Secretary for the Army for Civil Works, from Major John Peabody, proved that that was a false statement, that the 4,000-foot determination was not based on science. You did not have proper evidence of that. Then we had a Federal judge, Ralph Erickson, that verified that you did not--so you come in here and you tell us, ``Oh, we worked with the state of Colorado.'' It does not sound that way, once again; and the result is that we continue to have massive damage to the environment.    Since you have been at the EPA, how many people, industries, or companies have been charged with criminal violations?    Mr. Gohmert. You have charged plenty of people, right?    Mr. Gohmert. How many people at the EPA are under investigation right now for this massive discharge that you created?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, I guess there is the rub, isn't it?    Mr. Gohmert. Your agency is above the law, with all the damage you do to the environment, and you want to be in charge of all the waters of the United States. You could not even figure out how to get ready for a possible discharge. I yield back.    Mr. Gohmert. You just--wait.    Mr. Gohmert. She added the answer----who is being held accountable?