    Ms. Chilton. Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, thank you very much. I really appreciate the opportunity to be here. My name is Susan Chilton. Our family ranch is adjacent to the town of Arivaca, Arizona, about 55 miles southwest of Tucson. The southern edge of our ranch is the international boundary. There is no wall for 25 miles, only a 4-strand barbed wire fence, easily cut or crawled through in seconds. That same little wire fence is all that separates us and our neighbors from armed Sinaloa drug cartel operatives.    Thanks to the failed Defense in Depth strategy of the Border Patrol, we live in a No Man's Land, essentially ceded to cartel control. Our town's main road is the de facto international boundary, even though it is actually 20 miles north of the boundary. Why can't the Border Patrol secure the border at the boundary?    First, the Border Patrol has faced NEPA obstacles to upgrading the barely, barely passable ranch roads leading south from Arivaca to the actual boundary. Recent U.S. Fish and Wildlife declaration of critical habitat for the jaguar along this drug importation corridor has blocked essential road improvements. Critical habitat for the jaguar is, in our opinion, a transparent ruse. The few jaguars reported anywhere in Arizona since the 1940s have been lone males exiled from their northern-most outpost 150 miles south of the border, and thousands of miles from their core habitat. Not one female has been documented as present in more than 65 years--and the pictures you are seeing up there are drug packers and their environment right on our border.    How does this critical habitat ruse for the jaguar affect border security? In December, we took Commander Beeson of the Tucson Sector Border Patrol to our boundary corrals in what the Border Patrol knows is an active entry zone. Then we drove over the ranch roads to our neighbor's border ranch. It is 5 air miles away, however, it took us 3 hours to get there with Commander Beeson. That is because the roads are barely passable, and there is no road paralleling the border.    That means the Border Patrol cannot get to where it sees the activity. The wildlife that is actually benefiting from the jaguar habitat is located in Sinaloa, Mexico; and they are happy about that declaration, because that gives them a free drug import area.    Border Patrol officers do not have reliable communications in many parts of this No Man's Land. They cannot call for assistance if they encounter armed drug patrols coming north, so they do not really want to be down there alone.    In our No Man's Land, electronics and drone surveillance alone are totally inadequate, because, as the Border Patrol agent in charge of the Tucson Border Patrol Station told us right before he retired, ``Even when I can see what is happening, I can't get there.''    Border Patrol has no forward operating bases in this cartel route, so the time delay for reporting to the actual border in this area is between 2 and 3 hours. We have taken two groups of high-ranking Border Patrol officials to the border, shown them our private land with water, good sites for portable facilities, corrals for their horse patrol, and offered them the use of this private land for $1 a year. My husband has offered to lend them the dollar if they can't afford it.    What are some of the specific consequences of the failed strategy of Defense in Depth?    One, residents like us are exposed to encounters with heavily armed drug packers. In addition to the two burglaries we have personally suffered, we have rancher friends who were held hostage, robbed, and forced to drive the invader to the border just last fall. Another neighbor's 15-year-old daughter was the target of a home-invading south-bounder group in March. Another neighbor gave up in the face of these constant incursions and sold out to the Fish and Wildlife Service. The current Defense in Depth strategy converted former historic ranches into taxpayer-financed enlargements of cartel-controlled territory.    Recreationists, hunters, campers, fishermen, and picnickers are encountering signs put up in those areas that they may encounter illegal traffic, smuggling, and armed persons. Many would-be worker entrants suffer rape, mutilation, abandonment, or murder at the hands of the cartel. Just a few months ago, one individual, reportedly with a drug packing group, was incinerated 9 miles north of the border and just west of our ranch. The official and highly----    Ms. Chilton . Improbable story is that he was trying to charge his cell phone by throwing a wire over a high power line. If you believe that, we don't. It is only a matter of time until terrorists----    Ms. Chilton . Discover what the drug packers have discovered, and that is that this is an open entrance to the United States.    Ms. Chilton. Mr. Chairman and ma'am, thank you for that question. I cannot explain why they have made the decision to secure the line so far from the boundary. I can tell you what difficulties they have faced, which is that, what we see on the ground, in terms of permit time, for the actions that they have told us they need to take in order to carry out their mission--that means road improvement, a road paralleling the actual border. Right now, the road paralleling the border is 20 miles from it. It is in no way functional.    They need forward operating bases. Those discussions have been ongoing with the Forest Service and perhaps with Fish and Wildlife, because part of this is Fish and Wildlife property, part of it is Forest Service, and part of it is private land. On private land, they have the go-ahead. On Federal land, it has been more than 5 years, and those roads are not one tiny bit improved over what they were 5 years ago.    There is no forward operating base, although we made that offer of our private property years ago. We have taken high-level Border Patrol officials to that site and shown them. One thing one said to us was, ``My, it looks different down here from what it looks like from the air.'' It was his first visit to the actual border in a section that they know is very actively used for drug traffic.    The issues of wildlife, plants, and biological opinions are being allowed to be a smoke screen that covers up the fact that we have decided, nationally, not to secure the border.    Ms. Chilton. I am doing just fine.    Ms. Chilton. Yes.    Ms. Chilton. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Gosar, of course not. And on the subject of the wall, of course you could find a 14-foot ladder to get over a 12-foot wall, if no one is there patrolling it. But that is the issue. You have to have the combination that makes the border secure. That means--yes, the wall; yes, a road patrolling it; yes, better communications for the Border Patrol; and yes, forward operating bases.    You cannot do half of a medical recipe to solve a problem and hope you are going to get the patient cured. You have to do the whole thing, and that is the case on our border, too.    Ms. Chilton. Most definitely, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Gosar, trash is an issue; it is an environmental issue. The Border Patrol itself has told us that the persons crossing leave an average of 8.5 pounds per person. My husband multiplied that times the number of people that were reported to be apprehended in the area, and I might have to consult with him about how many tons of trash it was. By the time he multiplied it, it was, I think, 12,000 tons of trash, just in our sector.    Ms. Chilton. I understand your question very well. No. The wall, or whatever protection we have from the Border Patrol, also protects the species. Right now the species are laid open to the traffic that comes through. The Sinaloa Cartel is not saying, ``Oh, no, let's not go there, that is a wilderness area.'' They are saying, ``Oh, yes, let's go there, that is the part they can't patrol.''    Ms. Chilton. Oh, most definitely.    Ms. Chilton. Yes, sir.    Ms. Chilton. It looks like we are entitled to it, but don't have it.