    Mr. Cauley. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee. Very glad to be here today, testifying. My name is Gerry Cauley, I am the president and CEO of the North American Electric Reliability Corporation. NERC is a nonprofit international organization overseeing the reliability and security of the power grid in the United States, Canada, and a portion of Mexico. We have authority assigned by Congress to develop and enforce standards affecting reliability and security of the grid, and that authority is overseen by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.    We can all agree that electricity is the most critical lifeline sector for national security, for other lifeline sectors like finance, water, and transportation, for the economy, and for public safety. Every day we are reminded of the seriousness of our job related to securing the grid. There have been terrorist attacks in France and Belgium and even here, domestically. There have been cyberattacks and data breaches across various industries and across Government.    Of particular relevance to our grid, on December 23, 2015, there was a cyberattack in the Ukraine which was launched against three distribution companies and in which the perpetrators gained control of three distribution companies and were able to put out the lights for 225,000 customers for up to 6 hours.    A team from the U.S. went to investigate that incident in the Ukraine, including a member of the NERC staff. And what I can tell you is that the cyberthreats are real, but I think we have a very different situation in the Ukraine as compared to what we have in the United States and North America. Our security controls in North America are very different.    We are the only industry with mandatory and enforceable reliability standards affecting physical and cybersecurity. We are currently in the fifth generation of our cybersecurity standards. They are risk-based standards based on NIST-type controls, so they are adaptable and can keep up with the current threats.    We have a very robust compliance monitoring and enforcement program. System operators use modern controls to ensure the security of the system, including separation of corporate and business systems from control systems, physical access controls, patch management, aggressive threat hunting and mitigation, and employee and contractor training, and many other measures that they take.    We have established the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council, as we heard previously, at the highest levels of industry and Government, including CEOs and top officials from Government. The CEOs and boards of power companies take security very seriously, and security is one of their highest priorities on a regular basis.    Our Information Sharing and Analysis Center, which you have heard about, the ISAC, provides robust information sharing regarding cyber and physical threats. With the engagement of industry leaders we have recently gone through a review and upgrade of the capabilities of the ISAC, and the ISAC, I believe, is closely integrated with the security operations and information sharing at individual companies, as well as the State fusion centers and other sectors.    We also operate a tool called CRISP , which is a way to monitor the electronic Internet traffic to key sites around the industry, and compare the traffic to threats and vulnerabilities that we are aware of worldwide, and warn the utilities about issues that they may be experiencing in real time.    In the unlikely event of a successful cyber or physical attack, I believe that we are well prepared. FERC and NERC recently completed a study of the restoration and recovery capability plans and drills and exercises of nine major companies in the industry, and that report is available publicly, and it is posted on the NERC Web site. But I think it demonstrated that the preparation is there, and that the plans have been exercised.    As you have heard before, on November of this past year NERC led what I believe is the largest grid security exercise in the world called GridEx III. Over 400 entities in North America participated. We had over 4,400 registered users and, in my estimation, there were probably closer to 10,000 actual participants. The distributed--this is where we are in a central, controlled place, and we inject the attacks outward, and so the power companies are actually engaged in the exercise locally in their own control centers, in their own substations and power plants. They are receiving the information from us.    That portion of the exercise--I apologize for my voice; I am just getting over a cold--that portion of the exercise lasted 2 days and on the second day there was an executive tabletop which brought it all together for senior executives from industry and Government. The scenario included cyberattacks, physical attacks, including active shooters, truck-mounted and explosive devices, and unmanned surveillance drones. This hypothetical event was extreme, and it was intentionally extreme to really go beyond our capability and to test the system. And really, the point was to find out what can we learn and what do we need to do to improve.    During the distributed play exercise we caused outages in a simulated fashion--no one was actually controlled or affected, but we simulated 5 million customers who were out. And in--during the executive session, to invoke all the policy questions at the national level that we were looking to pull out we actually had 15 million customers out and those outages were projected to be extended for weeks and even into months to really push the questions that the chairman is trying to raise today.    Participating entities worked through their emergency procedures. They had very extensive contacts with local law enforcement and first responders. And actually, those local government officials and first responders did participate in the exercise. We had--in the exercise we had the White House, DHS, DOE, Department of Defense, Cyber Command, NSA , NORTHCOM , FBI , FEMA, and the Illinois and Wisconsin National Guards are some of the players who participated directly in the executive exercise.    A number of key takeaways were to make sure that we are able to better coordinate between industry and Government in terms of the situation assessment, and what do we communicate to the public. It will be a constant race with regard to information to the public. We all know social media and the news are very quick, and we want to make sure that we are getting reliable information out to the public.    We are focused on ensuring unity of effort and unity of scale, and that we can resolve all of our resources from both industry and Government together.    Looking forward, I would say in this exercise we will continue to expand the role of State and local governments and participants in the exercise to make sure we can exercise some of the things that the chairman is looking to get here, which is how do we engage, how do we inform, and how do we set expectations.    And I look forward to your questions, thank you.    Mr. Cauley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the question. As I mentioned in my presentation, we do probably pose a scenario that is 10 times beyond any sort of realistic expectation, in terms of the magnitude. That is really to test and sort of shake this out and see what we can do.    I think the difficulty in understanding the question is that there is many kinds of hazards that can cause outages. And in fact, if we look at--we do a lot of data and analysis about what causes blackouts. That is one of our jobs. And since 2011--so 4 years running--in our data weather has been in the top 10 causes of all major outages in North America. So we have that sort of baseline.    So the question for me, I phrase it as what kinds of things can cause outages from a few hours up to 2 to 3 days? And there are a lot of things that can contribute toward that and what kind of response capability we could have. So it could be storms, it could be equipment failure, it could be a number of things.    And then I think, as we get to the kinds of things we are talking about here, in terms of cyber and physical attacks, I think it is reasonable to ask--and severe storms, ice storms, hurricanes--it is reasonable to ask the question, ``How are we taking care of people in a 1- to 2-week outage?'' It may not be everywhere, but it might be in some local areas, it might be some cities that could reasonably be facing a 1- to 2-week outage.    But I would hate for us to say, ``it is a cyber event,'' or, ``it is a storm,'' because, really, the public safety issue is very similar. The major difference would be--to me, the major difference would be we know there is some kind of security concerns, law enforcement would be involved. But it is still the same fundamental--without electricity, you need to take care of people, you need to get them fuel and food and water, those kinds of things.    The one scenario I think that is the exception--and I think it was appropriate that the committee participated in the legislation around spare equipment--the one scenario I think realistically concerns me longer than the 1- to 2-week timeframe is damage to spare equipment, particularly the transformers. That could happen from a bomb blast, shootings, other--GMD storms. The question is not what caused it, but the question is what are you going to do if you lose transformers. And they are not going to be replaceable for an extended period of time.    Mr. Cauley. Right. And I have been doing reliability for 35 years. I really think there are two levels. There is normal expected, you would see a number of times a year, is that 1 to 3 days as a normal kind of scenario that everybody should be prepared for. I think a 1- to 2-week scenario is a scenario that, if you are prudent, I would be talking with the mayors and the city councils about what you can do to be ready for a 1- to 2-week outage in the extreme case of hurricanes, earthquakes, and those kinds of things. My only exception is spare equipment damage may be more challenging.    But I think it really is independent of the cost, whether it is cyberattack--I can't imagine a cyberattack that is going to damage equipment to have an outage more than hours or days.    Mr. Cauley. Thank you, Congressman. That is exactly really what the Information Sharing and Analysis Center does. We--in fact, I am not aware of that particular one, but we do dozens of these a day. We get information out, post it to industry. We have several thousand participants in industry who receive those notices every day.    Mr. Cauley. Thank you for allowing me to follow up on my--whatever I said. My point----    Mr. Cauley. The point I was trying to get to--but I rushed--was it is a very difficult form of attack to go from a cyberattack--it is easier to steal information or disrupt electronics. It is very technically challenging to go from an electronic cyberattack to causing physical damage to equipment.    Even in the Ukraine attack there was no damage to the equipment. It was opened, the breakers were operated to basically shut down the feeders that were going to the customers, but there was no damage, so that once they realized what was happening they basically could defeat the computers and have people go to the station manually, flip the switch, which is a mechanical switch, and put the power back on.    So, my point--and I would love to continue working on this and getting some actual data to support that--is it is very hard to transform from a cyberattack into long-term damage that would be measured in weeks or months----    Mr. Cauley . Because you have to hurt the equipment to do that.    Mr. Cauley. Yes, Congressman. I have the privilege of going to very similar highly classified briefings, as well. But I also have 35 years of experience working in substations with equipment. And I understand the threats of black energy or aurora, or those things. It is very difficult to transform an action--the predominant behavior we are seeing today is surveillance-type behavior. But to transform that into an action that destroys a piece of equipment is technically very----    Mr. Cauley . Very complex.    Mr. Cauley. Right.    Mr. Cauley. The damage on the----    Mr. Cauley . Business and information systems, that would be their business risk. But on the grid it is very difficult. It is very unlikely to put a grid out for 1 to 2 weeks. I think----    Mr. Cauley. Or the other thing is a physical attack, which is shooting explosive devices at the substation are the two things I think can get into that 1 to 2 weeks and beyond----    Mr. Cauley. It is very complicated to do 20 sites at once with a physical attack with the current law enforcement we have. So I think that risk is mitigated as well. But it is the one I worry about the most, is a physical attack.