    Mr. Lucas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And since we have this distinguished panel together, I would like to visit about my concerns with the Basel III leverage ratio rule, as it is applied to certain derivative clearing services and the impact it will have on the ability of my constituents to hedge risks.    So first, I would turn, of course, to our derivatives market regulators, Mr. Massad and Chair White. When market participants utilize derivatives to manage their risk through futures, options, and cleared swaps, they must find a member of the clearinghouse willing to guarantee their transaction with the clearinghouse.    How does the margin that a market participant posts to a clearing member affect the clearing member's ultimate guarantee exposure to the clearinghouse?    Mr. Lucas. And I will now turn to our banking regulator friends, Comptroller Curry, and Chairman Gruenberg. In many instances, these clearinghouse members are banks subject to Basel capital requirements which require them to hold capital against the guarantee they provide on behalf of their clients.    Now we can all agree that banks have exposure in the event their clients are unable to fulfill the obligations and banks should hold capital against that exposure. But shouldn't that measure of exposure accurately reflect the client's margin, offsets the bank's exposure to the clearinghouse?    Mr. Lucas. I would just simply note to my friends, if we create a system that we require such capital requirements above and beyond what would appear to be necessary, we will cause financial institutions to not participate.    And the next time we have a Lehman Brothers or an FM Global and a major failure and their clients need quickly to find a new clearing number, a new place to cover their outstanding positions of their margin, there may not be any sources.    Having been a member of this committee through the wonders of 2008, when the worst-case scenario occurs, you have to be totally prepared. I am just concerned with Basel, we are headed in a direction that will limit my constituents' options, thereby increasing their costs and reduce these risk-mitigating tools. So I would just simply note that to all of you and ask that you bear that in mind.    We are undergoing pressure back home now in Oklahoma in both the agriculture and energy sectors. It is real pressure and it is something that will take time to overcome. But these tools have been and continue to be important. So let's not allow Basel to cause unintended damage.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.