    Mr. HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity throughout this meeting and bring out some of these issues that are out there. As a former small business owner myself, I might disagree with many on the impact of regulations; I have seen the impact of what regulations do to small businesses. We talk a lot about the small business, but we also have to understand that through the regulation process, small businesses also hurt probably more than anybody else when it impacts big business. I just heard at a hearing this morning about the impact of the steel industry, the regulations on the steel industry and how we cannot compete, or how we have governments backing up things, but the government side does not have anything to do with regulations. It has something to do with what our responsibility is here.    The reason I bring this up, through regulations like ``waters of the U.S.,'' the Clean Water Act, the sick leave rules, all these other little rules that get at it, too, we, as small businesses, feed off many of the big businesses. When it impacts big business, it devastates our market too, and they start to collapse or they start to decline. Things like ``waters of the U.S.'' in Nevada. Really? Clean waters of the U.S. and Clean Water Act in Nevada? You literally could go for hundreds of miles and never find a stream. But because of mining impacts and the costs, it also costs maybe steel products, precious or other metals that help make good quality steel. When that impacts there, it drives costs up and drives the business out of business, so to speak, so we have problems on that end, too. We cannot ever leave out the big business impact. I would like to thank Mr. Knight for signing onto the letter with me for the overtime rule.    Ms. Harned, I would like you to address maybe a little further on what impact this overtime rule has had on small business. You brought it up a little bit but can you go into manufacturing costs of jobs or maybe what other issues might be harmed by this overtime rule?    Mr. HARDY. You talk about the impact of the overtime rule, but we have many other impacts--the sick leave rule--that are coming forward. This joint employer rule, which is going to cause a major impact on industries because of the explanation that needs to be understood of where it is really going to stay with the smaller businesses that actually help build up that franchise, so to speak.    A question I can ask of Mr. Palmieri, last year there was 82,035 pages of regulations drafted from January 1 to December 30. Who has to read those pages? How many pages a day is that, by the way? How many employees do we have to have to take care of just to make sure we are not violating regulations?