    Mr.  Shaw. Thank you.    Good morning. Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, members of the committee, thank you very much. A special thank you to Congressman Olson and Congressman Barton. I certainly have enjoyed the opportunity to work with you over the years.    Good morning, and again, I am thankful for the opportunity to talk about an important issue this morning, specifically H.R. 4775, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016 sponsored by Vice Chair Olson.    My name is Dr. Bryan Shaw and I am the chairman of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. My agency's mission is to protect Texas public health and the environment in a way that's consistent with sustainable economic development.    In carrying out that mission, we seek to bring together common sense, sound science and the law to ensure that environmental regulations are safe, fair and predictable.    I am here today because the Environmental Protection Agency's recent action lowering the national ambient air quality standard for ground-level ozone is not consistent with those principles.    As you all know, the EPA finalized their proposal to lower the standard from 75 to 70 parts per billion on October 26th of 2015.    The State's initial designation recommendations are due on October 1st of this year. The TCEQ detailed our disagreements with the EPA's conclusion and formal comments during the rule making process.    We even traveled to Washington to meet personally with Administrator McCarthy to make her aware of the significant flaws in the studies EPA relied on in promulgating the new standard.    The EPA nonetheless lowered the standard and now my agency is challenging the validity of that standard in court. While our voluminous comments and legal filings elaborating great detail on the myriad scientific and legal vulnerabilities with the new standard, I would like to briefly raise a few of the most troubling issues.    First, the EPA claims that the new standard will provide annual health benefits between $2.9 billion and $5.9 billion, with a cost of only $1.4 billion. My agency's analysis suggests these figures are dramatically incorrect.     For example, the EPA only includes industry costs in their analysis, not the States' or taxpayer costs, nor do they look at economic impacts like increased electricity costs.    Another major flaw in the EPA's analysis is their quantification of the benefits that would flow from this new standard. The EPA's own analysis shows that lowering the standard even to the 65 ppb level will not significantly reduce asthma attacks.    In addition, approximately two-thirds of the benefits the EPA claims would result from the new standard are not based on ozone reductions at all. In fact, they are based on reductions of an entirely different pollutant that is not the subject of this rule.    Specifically, the EPA reasons that in taking the actions necessitated by this standard, States will also lower levels of fine particulate matter, or PM 2.5.    The flaw in that reasoning is that, at least in Texas' case, levels of PM 2.5 are already below the standard set by EPA. Chief Justice Roberts recently questioned this practice when the EPA's Mercury and Air Toxics Standard was reviewed and rejected by the Supreme Court.    While the court ultimately rejected the rule on other grounds, the Chief Justice suggested that EPA's co-benefits analysis might be an illegitimate way of muddling the differing regulatory schemes for each pollutant under the Clean Air Act.    H.R. 4775 is a welcome step in the right direction. It seeks to defer the implementation of the new standard until 2024, and it requires the EPA to spend more time studying and reviewing scientific literature and other factors before implementing new standards.    By suspending the applicability of the new standard, this legislation will allow States to focus their limited resources on fully implementing the 2008 standard as well as a cascade of other new and expensive regulations coming out of EPA.    Especially considering the cost of the negligible health and environmental benefits embodied by the new standard, a delay in implementing this standard is helpful indeed.    More broadly, H.R. 4775 also seeks to make the NAAQS--the National Ambient Air Quality Standards--program applicable to all six criteria pollutants more efficient and effective.    By lengthening the required review period from 5 to 10 years, it will ensure the EPA does not rush to lower given standards only to comply with a statutory deadline. Furthermore, it will give States more time to comply with previous standards before getting saddled with more stringent standards and facing economic and developmental sanctions for nonattainment.    I also support this legislation's addition of technological feasibility and possible adverse welfare, social, and economic effects to the list of factors the EPA can consider in revising a standard.    As the Act is currently written and interpreted by the Supreme Court, the EPA is prohibited from considering whether or not the state of our technological capabilities would even make getting the required reductions possible.    Put simply, the EPA could require States to make reductions that are literally impossible to achieve. The act's requirement that the EPA ignore technological and economic considerations might have made sense 40 years ago when it was initially passed.    However, pollution levels have been lowered to such a degree that the law of diminishing returns has made it more and more difficult to continue to reduce pollutant levels at all, much less in a way that is not burdensome economically.    Finally, H.R. 4775's directive to the EPA to begin timely issuance of implementing regulations and guidance solves a major issue that often confronts States like Texas.    Without this protection, the EPA can and does require States to develop and propose new standards before the EPA itself has given States specific guidance for the standard. And so I understand how charged this issue can be but I appreciate Vice Chair Olson's efforts to streamline this process.    And thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Mr. Shaw. Thank you, Congressman.    Yes, the reason that I am encouraged by the effort that is underway here is because I sincerely believe that it will enhance our ability to have more meaningful environmental regulations that do indeed help to protect the health of those individuals that we are sworn to help to protect.    I believe that this planning time frame will help us to analyze and do the heavy lifting to understand better what is causing the respiratory health issues, to be able to develop plans to make sure those are being addressed and those regulations will indeed have a reasonable likelihood of yielding those environmental and health benefits.    So I think that providing that time frame and requiring a more detailed analysis of the standard before it is lowered will be very helpful.    Otherwise, we tend to have--find ourselves in a cycle where we lower the standard trying to achieve the health benefits that we failed to the last time we lowered the standard and I think there's some science that needs to be done to answer that.    Mr. Shaw. That's correct. In the State of Texas we have a higher asthma hospitalizations in the winter time during our low ozone concentrations and nationally as well we have seen significant reductions in ozone concentrations and yet the level of asthma continues to increase.    Mr. Shaw. I do. I think that, you know, one of the other things that EPA has talked about is that even in absence of this standard being lowered that I believe that you talked about 85 percent of counties would achieve the standard by doing nothing.    I think that there is an opportunity for us to provide reason to this and let the market and let some of these innovations take place and I think that this bill helps to ensure that we are investing our environmental efforts from the State from dollars and from what we are asking our regulated community to invest to actually lead those health benefits that we look at--that we are looking for.    Mr. Shaw. The standard has, obviously, changed over time and we had a 1-hour standard and the number was 120 parts per billion, I believe, was the standard.    Mr. Shaw. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Shaw. Correct.    Mr. Shaw. That is correct.    Mr. Shaw. That's correct.    Mr. Shaw. It is certainly part of where I am encouraged by a longer time period between the review. But that is most effective if that is a more thorough review because as I alluded to earlier it is my perception that we are in a cycle to where we are--the process that is being used by EPA to determine whether to lower the standard is flawed and this is certainly characterized and captured in our comments we submitted.    But we are looking at epidemiological studies that show a correlation and therefore they are assuming that there must be a causal relationship.    And yet, in order to get clinical studies to show an impact on the ability of people to bring air in and out of their lungs they had to subject folks to 6--over 6 and a half hours per day of moderate to extreme exercise while being exposed to levels we are talking about just to get a measurable degradation in lung function.    And by the way, those levels were reversible. Those weren't permanent. And so in order to get any response they had to have people exercise it in a way that--I won't speak for you but certainly I can't do on a regular basis and it is--while we agree that EPA used them as a surrogate for the sensitive populations, it is unreasonable to expect people to be exposed to that.    And the key point I am making, Congressman, is that EPA is continuing to lower the standard but we are continuing to get the same result. If you lower the standard over and over again but you're not providing those health benefits then one would question maybe we are missing something.    Mr. Shaw. That is correct.    Mr. Shaw. I would argue that in order for EPA to get a measurable difference that you would have to follow that protocol and exercise rigorously for 6 and a half hours each day while you were being exposed to that in order to potentially, and not all parties would show a measurement. So, unlikely that you would experience that.    Mr. Shaw. I am with you, Congressman.    Mr. Shaw. We are better than that now, and certainly we can measure to the parts per billion and that is getting--you know, the science an ability to monitor is improving significantly.    Unfortunately, that doesn't necessarily--because you can measure it to a finer detail it doesn't necessarily mean that you're--that you are better able to understand what those implications are.    We can measure it very accurately. But the bigger errors aren't in the measuring the concentration at the monitor. The bigger errors are the fact that folks that we are comparing them to that are hospitalized and/or unfortunately, pass away we are tying them to a monitor that they may never have been around.    And in fact, in all likelihood someone who is in a hospital or, unfortunately, passing away likely didn't spend their final days exercising 6 and a half hours a day.    In fact, they probably spent most of their time indoors, which we, as a general population, spend about 90 percent of our time indoors where ozone levels are about 30 percent, I believe, of ambient and we are exposed to much other pollutants in the indoor environment than we see in the ambient environment.    And so in all likelihood, any environmental input into that person's hospitalization and mortality were effectively something besides ozone and I think that is where we need EPA to assess and help us to come up with ----    Mr. Shaw. I don't have that number but I will speak to it general and it is challenging and it is uncertain whether you're going to have success.    It takes an awful lot of personnel input to get there and oftentimes before you get there the damage is done from that.    And so I can't speak, unfortunately, to the number of those that were successful. But in general those are some of the challenges with those exceptional events.    Mr. Shaw. Thank you, Congressman. You used one of my favorite adages and that is that we are chasing the wrong rabbit and that is the reason that I am so motivated and why my staff has dedicated significant resources to trying to better understand both the ozone standard as well as helping to try to provide some input into a better process.    Because what we do know is, as you point out, there's dubious connections between the respiratory health issues that we are trying to address at this point and the ozone standard.    The justification for lowering the ozone standard to try to improve asthma is primarily associated with epidemiological studies, looking at the correlation between ozone and people's hospitalization associated with that.    Those don't hold up uniformly across the country and certainly I think we are missing the opportunity to chase the right rabbits and we need to find out if it is indeed indoor air quality, which I think probably plays a large part to that, or it is ozone plus something else or it's something else in the ambient environment. But just simply lowering the ozone standard, I am convinced, is not going to give us the health benefits that we seek.    Mr. Shaw. No, it does not. As I understand and read the bill, it does not roll back. It simply provides for additional time with the implementation of the latest standard but it does not roll back those requirements that are in place.    There is a lot of technological advancements that are--that are in place that will continue to be in place and those areas that can meet this standard likely will. The challenge is those areas that are having difficulty because the technology is not there will be additionally penalized. And so this does not slow down the progress that we see underway to meet the current standards.    Mr. Shaw. Certainly it takes a huge impact on staff resources but also I think it's important to add to--the comments are that it also prevents us or minimizes our ability to work cooperatively to find those things--when we work and engage with the regulated community to find approaches that make sense for multiple pollutants that we are trying to obtain.    It's often misperceived that what you do to reduce one pollutant also reduces others. Oftentimes, that's not the case. There's sometimes a parasitic component to that and raising one lowers another, lowering one raises another.    Mr. Shaw. No, sir. We have to come up with a plan that meets the standard and we have to satisfy the model. So we have to find what approaches where we can make arguments. But we have to develop a plan that will achieve the standard.    Mr. Shaw. I don't believe that I have had any success or that we were asked to be able to offer to do anything besides meet the standard because of cost and technology. We basically have to find a way to get there, even including very draconian if necessary.    Mr. Shaw. I think the key there is somewhat similar to the issue here where we talk about concerns over exceptional events. It's that we have no process where we have some certainty and ability to actually get--to move the needle based on those options.    We can talk about exceptional events but those are very challenging and oftentimes the damage to the location is already done because the jobs that you need to be able to afford the new environmental benefits get impacted because you basically have to go through this process and hoping that you get some relief.    But we typically don't find that relief. And so the implications is while there may be the potential for it, it's long coming and often not available.    Mr. Shaw. Right. Well, we will continue doing the things that we are doing, which is looking for new technologies, better ways to move forward.    We continue to try to attack 60 percent of the ozone challenges, NOx emissions from mobile sources in this area and so we have the innovative programs, the TERP program--Texas Emissions Reduction Plan--where we incentivize turning over older vehicles.    So we try to get any fruit we can, recognizing that we need a ladder or an extension bucket to get to that fruit these days.    Mr. Shaw. About 60 percent of our NOx emissions are from the mobile side of that. So that's where--and the stationary sources have been controlled to the point where there is not--it is very difficult to find technologically and, certainly, economically feasible but technologically even feasible reductions.    And so our primary areas for opportunity are continued in the mobile sources but those we are not--we are not regulating. The Federal Government regulates those. So we can incentivize programs to turn over trades trucks and railroad locations and diesel engine retrofits.    Mr. Shaw. My wife has breast cancer, and when the chemo took her hair I decided to lose mine in support of her.    Mr. Shaw. Dana.    Mr. Shaw. Thank you. Thank you.    Mr. Shaw. She's got the tough role, but thank you.    Mr. Shaw. Thank you. I'll start with saying we recognize that we are not--as a State agency we are not choosing between the environment and the economy.    We have to have both or we'll have neither and a big part of what we are looking at also when we think about the public health component of this is especially for a standard that has very limited and questionable benefits.    We're at a point now with the great success we've had in lowering our pollution and cleaning up our air and water across the State and across the country is that your health impact is likely more driven by your opportunity for economic success than it is by the environment that you're faced, and we want to continue to clean that environment.    But we take very seriously that some of what we can do to help our people to have a better healthier life is to pick them up out of poverty and make sure they have good job opportunities.    And so when we look at this issue, one that has questionable scientific value for moving forward and we look at the fact that we are compounding by putting a number of regulations on top of one another and it makes it difficult both for the agencies to develop the rules but also for industry to be able to be implementing those and us to work with them, I see this as an opportunity to improve our environmental outcome as opposed to one as might be otherwise suspected as one that helps industry to compete.    I think it does help industry to have more reasonable time frames. But I am convinced if we take advantage of a length and time opportunity especially and we look at a better scientific--more rigorous scientific evaluation we'll actually get the better environmental health outcomes.    Mr. Shaw. It certainly does, and that's one of the comments I sort of alluded to earlier. Their own data suggests that most places are going to get there without the rule so why do you need the rule, especially if it's going to cause undue economic impact on a number of areas that really can't afford it.    And, quite frankly, the market does a very good job of driving innovation and we have a lot of innovation in place that if we can allow that to move forward we could instead of going through this process of developing complex rules to try to meet a standard that is very close to background in many areas--we have some areas where 65 parts per billion is an often background--we could instead focus on what are the real environmental and health issues that are out there that need to be tackled next.    Mr. Shaw. Thank you.    Mr. Shaw. Thank you.