    Mr. Shea. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Congresswoman DelBene, Congressman Costa, Chairman Conaway, and all Members. I appreciate this opportunity, and I very much appreciate that you are bringing light on this important issue for all Americans.    Safeguarding against significant plant and animal pests and diseases is vital to protecting industry, producers, and consumers, and ensuring that we have a safe and secure food supply. It is a top priority for all of USDA. It is the top priority for us in APHIS. Simply put, it is why we exist, and the reason over 8,000 employees in APHIS go to work every day.    The impact of pests and diseases on the U.S. economy can be staggering. For example, the outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza last year, which was the largest foreign animal disease outbreak in American history, cost taxpayers nearly $1 billion, just in response, cleanup, and indemnity costs. And that doesn't include lost export markets or temporary shortages, or price increases for poultry and eggs.    Our approach to safeguarding really runs along continuum, from overseas to every American farm and ranch, and every means of distribution. Our first goal always is to keep pests and diseases out of the country, and we think we have done a good job in that regard. But we can't guarantee those efforts will always succeed, so we have to be able to quickly detect any pests and diseases that do arrive, and quickly and efficiently control and eradicate those threats.    While increased trade has helped American agriculture prosper, and provided more abundant food and products for all Americans, the sheer volume of traffic inevitably means that pests and diseases have more opportunities to hitch a ride, whether inadvertently or deliberately.    Overseas, we work to exclude pests at their point of origin, long before shipments even reach our borders. We have APHIS employees stationed in more than 30 countries. They collect and analyze data on foreign pests and diseases to help us make better policy decisions here, such as where risk assessment should focus, and how we should modify our port of entry inspections. Our scientists conduct risk assessments that enable us to make informed decisions about the potential costs or risk of any pests or diseases that could come to the United States with any specific commodities. We only allow imports when we are convinced it is safe to do so.    At ports of entry, we work with our CBP colleagues to inspect arriving passengers and cargo to find any pests or diseases or their host. We provide CBP direction on which pests and diseases to look for, and we advise them on pathways that pose the highest risk. Also, we train CBP agricultural inspector specialists on how to enforce our regulations.    APHIS directly operates plant inspection stations for nursery stock and propagative plant materials. And we also inspect animals who cross the borders from Canada and Mexico. Domestically, we conduct surveillance to quickly detect any foreign pests and diseases that may have evaded our other safeguarding measures. Early pest detection is crucial to averting major damage.    Last year alone, we conducted surveys for 118 high-risk plant pests, along with routine surveillance for foreign emerging and endemic diseases. Our laboratories develop, validate, and conduct diagnostic testing for plant and animal pathogens, and we have expanded capacity through our state partners and university partners in the National Plant Diagnostic Network and the National Animal Health Laboratory Network.    Should a pest or disease arrive in this country, APHIS and our state, industry, and other Federal partners, work quickly to respond, as we did to high-path avian influenza last year. And I would add that 2015 was also a challenging year on the plant health and specialty crop side. We found more exotic fruit flies than we have in 20 years, with 12 outbreaks in California, Florida, Puerto Rico, and Texas. But the good news is that we did rapidly detect them, responded, and contained them. We have already eradicated ten of those, and another pest that we are on the verge of eradication is the European grapevine moth in California.    I would like to mention two last things. First, this Committee has recognized in the last two farm bills the grave threat that plant pests and diseases pose to the safety and security of our food supply, and put in place the Plant Pest and Disease Management and Disaster Prevention Program, better known by its section number 10007, and that has greatly expanded our ability to detect, exclude, and respond to pest diseases.    Over the last 3 years, we have funded over 2,600 projects.    Last, I want to mention that one of the other major lessons we learned last year in the avian influenza outbreak is that our veterinary and animal health infrastructure had declined to the point we were not able to respond as quickly or as well as we would have needed to. I think we did a good job given what we had, but we know now we need to have more resources in animal health. And indeed, in our budget that is before the Appropriations Committee now, we have requested nearly a $30 million increase, to put in place 80 more veterinarians and animal health technicians around the country for quick response.    In conclusion, I want to assure you that APHIS understands that safeguarding against foreign plant and animal pests and diseases is our top priority, and we will continue to take that mission very, very seriously. After all, it is, indeed, the foundation of feeding and clothing America, and really the world, to have health agriculture.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Shea. If I could add just one thing. Of specific interest to the Pacific Northwest, we have been partnering with CBP to inspect ships while they are still in the water for signs of Asian gypsy moth.    Mr. Shea. I am sure you are aware, we are dealing with some pretty severe Asian gypsy moth and European gypsy moth issues in Oregon and Washington now. But by partnering with CBP to look at these ships before they even reach the port, we have a much better chance of preventing more of them from getting in.    Mr. Shea. The programs that are most helpful and have worked the best are when we have a great collaboration with the industry and the states.    We approach things at APHIS maybe a little differently than some agencies that are more regulatory in nature. We believe pretty firmly that agriculture needs to be profitable if it is going to contribute to American life, and indeed, for our food security. And we want to make sure that what we are doing isn't worse, that the cure isn't worse than the pest and disease sometimes. So the most effective programs are where we have everyone involved, and everyone has skin in the game, so to speak. And a really good example of this is the European Grapevine Moth Program in California, which threatens wine crops throughout the state. We worked with the state government and with producers themselves to eradicate that pest, and we are on the verge of doing it now. We did that with some APHIS money, a little bit of money from California State Government, and the producers themselves actually spraying their crops to knock this moth down. This program has been in place for about 4 years. Chile found the same pest at the same time. They are detecting millions of moths now. We are detecting none in California, and expect to announce eradication later this summer. So that is a program that really works well.    Another example that worked very well was the response to avian influenza in Indiana. The State of Indiana was very well prepared, the industry was well prepared, and we were able to quickly knock out the latest avian influenza issue.    Mr. Shea. I see great benefit to it. What we have been able to do with the section 10007 money on the plant side is to have more surveys, so we find pests and diseases faster. We have more access to funding to quickly respond to outbreaks so we can knock them down before they get bigger. That is another important thing. We also have been able to provide funding to states, Mr. Costa mentioned earlier talking with the California County Commissioners, we provided money to them as well for dog detector teams, just like you saw in the demonstration today.    So the section 10007 programs were very effective in that regard on the plant side, particularly for specialty crops. And I certainly think that the animal side could benefit as well from a secure, continuous source of funding, because as I mentioned earlier, we have a lot fewer veterinarians and animal health technicians today than we did 5 years ago. And indeed, over the course of 6 years, we lost a cumulative total of nearly $\1/2\ billion in appropriations. So we have had to make do with that. And constant funding in a farm bill provision like section 10007 for the animal health side could be very helpful.    Mr. Shea. Indeed, citrus greening has been devastating to Florida, and we are doing everything we can to work with the state and the industry to make things better. The Secretary directed that we put an emergency action group in place a few years ago, and we have come up with some tools to help in the short-run. There are really two prongs going on here. One is a long-run research program into maybe finding resistant varieties of tress to plant. The second is short-run, because as the citrus folks in Florida told me, they need help right now. They can't wait for a research program.    And so we have invested money over the last several years in several things. One is antimicrobials, a foliar spray of antimicrobials applied at a certain time can indeed knock the disease down in trees. And there are experiments going on now in Florida that seem to prove that.    Another example of something that might work is thermotherapy; literally heating the tree up to a certain temperature seems to kill the disease, or at least make it dormant for some time. Also biocontrol. The disease is spread by a psyllid, and so we are looking for more biocontrol, which is we find another insect that will kill the psyllid. And that is really the primary focus in California. California has not found the disease in any commercial groves yet. There have been a few backyards, but there has not been any commercial production affected so far. But if we can knock the psyllids down there with biocontrol, that is the goal.    And another thing, particularly in Florida, as I am sure you are aware, people have abandoned orange groves, and when that happens host material remains, and then the disease really gets going. And so we have been working with the state on removing tress from abandoned groves. That removes host material and gives us a better chance.    So we are doing lots of things to try to make it better for the producers in Florida.    Mr. Shea. Well, it has been found in backyards. And if I just may say very quickly, that is a big challenge for us on the specialty crop and plant side versus the animal side. Not that many people have cattle in their backyards. In Florida and in California, everyone has a citrus tree in their backyard, so host material is sitting there. And Texas as well, I should add. So the material is there and it is easy to catch hold. The main thing that is going on in California is producers help, they actually treat their groves for the psyllid, to knock the psyllid down. So it is another one of these examples, we can do a part, the producer has to do a part, state has to do a part. So that is the primary focus in California now is psyllid control through a combination of biocontrol and application of chemicals by local producers.    Mr. Shea. Okay. We have been able to handle that, but I would like Mr. El-Lissy to get into some detail about that, if he would.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Okay.    Mr. Shea. Congressman, I would like to ask Dr. Shere, who is not only our Chief Veterinary Officer but a poultry disease specialist, to talk about that.    Mr. Shea. If I may start, and then I will turn it over to Mr. Harriger for some more comments.    I think we do have really good measures in place and resources in place on the plant side. I think the fact that we detected fruit flies 12 times this year, and were able to quickly respond to those and eradicate those, shows how good the detection systems are. Obviously, we are not----    Mr. Shea. We disagree with that. We believe that we are able to eradicate it, and that it is not endemic in California. And I would point out that we not only had Mediterranean fruit fly outbreaks, but oriental fruit fly outbreaks. So there are different flies being detected. So I don't think that it is a matter of them being dormant or endemic in California, it is just a constant threat because of the volume of traffic. And when I say traffic, it is not just import of food products, but people who often bring it with them.    Mr. Shea. I will ask Mr. Harriger if he would like to add to that.    Mr. Shea. Of course, we can't really prevent them from arriving. What we need to be able to do though is find out very quickly if they are carrying any disease. And from year to year, that can change because avian influenza viruses can mutate from one form to another, so we have to maintain surveillance of wild birds in the Pacific Flyway to see if they are infected. And as Dr. Shere mentioned earlier, so far this year, it has been very good. The findings are great. We had over 40,000 wild birds tested and no avian influenza detected. But last year, there were birds detected with avian influenza. The best we can do with migratory birds is test them to give some indication of where they might be and where they might drop the disease.    Mr. Administrator, if I could ask you a question about some importation of fruit. In January of this year, APHIS published a systems approach for the importation of apples and pears from our EU member countries. One thing that I noticed was that Poland, which has never before imported apples to the U.S., was on that list. One of APHIS' most important missions, as you know, is to protect the U.S. from invasive species of pests and diseases. Could you tell us, have Polish apples and pears ever been subject to a full disease and pest management risk analysis, and if not, is there any plan to conduct that prior to the importation of Polish fruit? Will they be subject to U.S. phytosanitary rules for importation?    Mr. Shea. Any fruit imported from any country will be subject to our phytosanitary requirements. We have not reached a final decision on that request.    I would say that the European Union presents a specific challenge because we try to treat the European Union as one entity, and each country may still have slightly different pest and disease situations. So we are aware that there is concern in the apple industry. In fact, we just met with representatives of the apple industry a few weeks ago. We meet with every sector of agriculture annually to kind of touch base, make sure we are doing the right thing, and indeed, they brought this subject up. So I assure you today that we will take a hard look at Poland and the entire EU before we finalize any kind of regulation.    Mr. Shea. We certainly do hope to complete this within this Administration, but I would point out that we haven't made any final decisions. Indeed, the notice of intent laid out four possibilities. We have not chosen any one of the four possibilities. I know that there has been some concern that we were going to be regulating more things than we have in the past, and there may be some things that would fall under the regulation that did not before, but we think it is just as likely, probably more likely, that there are things that are currently regulated that would not be in the future. These regulations have been in place for almost 30 years. The entire industry has changed dramatically. So it could very well be that we are regulating things we don't need to spend time on, and there are some things we should spend some more time on. I think on balance, it is likely we will have either the same or even less regulatory work. So I think that the budget request is in line with that.    Mr. Shea. I certainly regret that some folks believe that the notice of intent is an indication we intend to do a lot more regulation in biotechnology, because that is really not where we think we are headed. But again, I don't want to prejudge it because it is, indeed, still in the comment period.    Mr. Shea. I think we have really good relationships with the Mexican Government in terms of agriculture. And they are indeed working on lots of pests and diseases. They are working to control tuberculosis, they are working to control boll weevil and fruit flies. Indeed, we are partners with Mexico in the Fruit Fly Program. The problem that they and we have run into is the violence on the Mexican side of the border has made it so we can't send our people over to do work the way we used to. And, indeed, we have Mexican nationals who work for us on the other side of the border who sometimes can't report to work. And so what that means is spraying doesn't take place for boll weevil as it should. Spraying doesn't take place for Mexican fruit fly as it should. So I don't think it is a lack of will from the Mexican Government so much as the very sad violence that is taking place there that is causing a lot of the problems, because there is, indeed, a commitment by our counterparts in Mexico to work on all of these issues, and we work very well with them.    Mr. Shea. I am going to ask Dr. Shere, our Chief Veterinary Officer, to talk about cattle ticks, if he would like, please.    Mr. Shea. Specifically with plum pox?    Mr. Shea. Yes. We have been working very closely with them. I will ask Mr. El-Lissy to touch on that because he is part of the North American Plant Protection Organization that works closely with Canada. So, Osama, do you want to talk about that a little bit, with plum pox, please?    Mr. Shea. Yes, we have been involved with that. I think there were 21 different sessions, and we were part of 17 of those sessions in negotiating the TPP. I would say something that is important about this is, many of the pests and diseases we see end up coming through smuggled goods or inadvertent transmission. We really don't find a lot of pests and diseases on legitimately certificated agricultural imports. So something like the TPP has the potential to legitimize trade and, therefore, come under our purview for inspection. A lot of what we find is, indeed, smuggled material, whether it is from Asia or other parts of the world, and that is where the pest and disease problem is, because the material will come in mismanifested, to use a nice word, mismanifested,  deliberately mismanifested, and a legitimate trade route like TPP might provide would actually be beneficial from that standpoint. But I also understand your concerns about what other countries do to us. And what we have tried to do is work very closely with them. We have people in three different countries, and last year alone, those people were able to get over $25 million worth of product released that had been held up for what we think were probably not really legitimate phytosanitary and sanitary reasons.    So we continue to work on that issue and understand it.    Mr. Administrator, first, thank you to all of the witnesses for being here, and thank you for the demonstration.    Mr. Administrator, in 2010, APHIS detected the introduction of the cottonseed bug in the Florida Keys. Can you update the Committee on the status of this agricultural pest since its detection?    Mr. Shea. Yes. We have been able to eradicate that entirely.    Mr. Shea. I don't have the exact number, but we are preparing a report that we will have ready to submit to you, and the Appropriations Committee as well, very soon that details all those numbers.    Mr. Shea. Yes, we will submit the report.    Mr. Shea. Yes, it depends on what it is. In some cases, we will re-export it back to the country it came from. Some cases it can go to a third country that might be willing to take it. In some cases it can be fumigated, treated, and any pest and disease problem mitigated and then enter. Or it can just be destroyed. So it depends on what kind of pest it is, and what the options are for that particular pest.