    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for your testimony here today. I want to return to what the chairman started out with, and it is about the word discretion, because you have indicated about laws and about the rule of law, and yet there are many who would say that this Administration, specifically ICE, picks and chooses which laws they choose to enforce. And you may call it prioritization, but is that not just a discretion that you choose to use on what you enforce and what you don't enforce?    Mr. Meadows. Is it discretion or not? Yes or no? I am not saying----    Mr. Meadows. I am not saying that it is not grounded in something. But are you using discretion on who we deport and who we don't deport?    Mr. Meadows. Are you using discretion, yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. OK, so let me ask you this. If you are using discretion on who we deport and, according to your report, there are some 900,000 people who are waiting to be deported, they are not detained, how are we going to find those people in the United States?    Mr. Meadows. So if they have moved from their last known address and you have 900,000, almost a million people that you are saying that you are going to deport, do you believe that you can find 900,000 of them here in the United States?    Mr. Meadows. So would it not have been a better use of resources, Mr. Cartwright was talking about resources, just to have kept them in custody?    Mr. Meadows. Granted.    Mr. Meadows. So let's go on to another. Let's go to the tier two. Sexual abuse, exploitation. You have already talked about how that is awful. But according to your deportation priority, if they commit a crime, sexual abuse or exploitation, you don't deport them. That is not a priority, is that correct? Yes or no? Is it a priority?    Mr. Meadows. So do you deport all illegals that are here that have committed a sexual abuse or exploitation? Do you deport them all?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me bring it back home, then, maybe, because sitting at that same table--and the reason why we are so passionate--were two relatives of people who lost their lives because of our prioritization or the discretion that you are using.    But let me go even further, because when we look at a number of people in North Carolina that have been killed by drunk drivers, that they have failed to be deported over and over--one of these had been convicted of drunk driving five times, killed a husband named Scott, certainly put the wife in a vegetative State. But it is not just that. It is Marcus, who was 7 years old. He was killed by a drunk driver with repeated offenses that all we had to do was just deport them. And yet you are saying that that is not a priority.    Mr. Meadows. But you are not a prosecutor anymore; you are a Director of ICE.    Mr. Meadows. Well, I didn't ask a question.    Mr. Meadows. You are making a comment.    Mr. Meadows. But you had your hands on those people. You had them in custody and you let them go.    Mr. Meadows. You let them go.    Mr. Meadows. Would you like for me to give them to you?    Mr. Meadows. But this is over and over.    Mr. Meadows. There are 22,000 examples----    Mr. Meadows. There are 22,000 examples where this has happened. And the American people have had enough.    Mr. Meadows. But here is the thing. Comprehensive immigration reform does not affect when we allow convicted criminals to go free. It would not affect that.    I yield back.