    Mr. Green. I think I can probably talk without it.    Mr. Green. I was out at Yucca Mountain, what, 4 years ago with the chair. I didn't go on the last trip you did because, coming from Texas, I was actually on an offshore oil rig. When I was out there, we met with all the county officials where Yucca Mountain is. And it seemed like, to an elected official, in the counties around Yucca Mountain, they all supported the use of the permanent repository. But my first question was, has any country in the world developed a long-term nuclear storage? Because I know Sweden, I went there one time, and they had a prototype of a hole in the ground. And, of course, they joked that Sweden is nothing but granite, so you can put anything down there. But has any country developed a long-term nuclear storage?    Mr. Green. OK. My big concern, though, is the interim storage because of what is happening. And, by the way, Mr. Kuczynski, I congratulate Southern Company because I am a supporter of expansion of nuclear power. And you have the first expansion in decades to be able to do it because if you are worried about carbon, nuclear power is a solution. Now, we need to deal with the storage capacity, both long term and interim. But my question is about the interim storage. Are there safety concerns about storing the spent nuclear facilities on the locations they are now?    Mr. Green. What is the cost for the Department of Energy's failure to take title of that spent fuel? Have you all estimated that?    Mr. Green. I assume you have to go, the ratepayers are actually paying for that?    Mr. Green. Would opening an interim storage facility help relieve many of those storage concerns, nuclear, and I assume the other companies around the world, around the country anyway?    Mr. Green. Yes.    Mr. Green. Well, obviously, we need to develop a long-term storage. But I would also like to see on a lot of the companies, including the south Texas project that I supported back as a State legislator in the 1970s, I would like to see expansion there. But we do need to have long-term storage. And, ultimately, I think we ought to take responsibility as a Federal Government for the interim storage in locations that are around the country. Maybe they are not all like what Southern Company does or Sacramento or someplace else. But I think it is our responsibility. We need to deal with it.    Mr. Green. OK. Mr. Chairman, I will yield back my time. Thank you for the hearing.