    Mr. Nelson. Good morning. Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for holding this important hearing today to examine solutions to controlling the increased costs of natural disasters. My name is Eric Nelson, and I am senior vice president of catastrophe risk management at Travelers Insurance. I am testifying today on behalf of the BuildStrong Coalition, a group of businesses and consumer organizations dedicated to reducing human and economic losses from natural disasters.    As one of the largest property casualty companies in the U.S., Travelers provides a unique private-sector expertise that can add value to the Federal Government's mission to manage its own risk and losses from natural disasters.    I would first like to thank Chairman Barletta and the members of the subcommittee for their continued leadership in conducting a series of roundtables on this topic beginning in January of last year. I begin today by outlining three major takeaways from those roundtables. And before I do that--that is--the main question we want to ask ourselves is what actionable steps can Congress take to mitigate risk, lessen the impact of families and communities across America, and reduce Federal losses from natural disasters?    The first takeaway from the roundtables is that, by almost every measure, Federal disaster spending is increasing on an unsustainable path. Dr. Erwann Michel-Kerjan from Wharton showed that Federal cost-share of natural disasters exploded over the last 60 years, increasing from roughly 6 percent in 1955 to 77 percent in 2015.    The second takeaway from the roundtable is that the States, communities, and individuals have little incentive to undertake loss prevention measures before a disaster occurs. We are going to hear in a minute the Multihazard Mitigation Council conducted a study documenting how every dollar spent on mitigation saves the Nation approximately $4 in post-disaster relief costs. A new study by Wharton indicated that a $1 increase in the Individual Assistance grant program reduces disaster insurance demand by $6. These findings represent compelling evidence that the Federal Government is inadvertently fostering short-sighted behavior throughout State and local governments and with individual homeowners.    The third point from the roundtable is that eliminating disincentives and replacing them with the appropriate incentives for mitigation can benefit all parties involved. The Federal Government would benefit by lowering its cost share for disaster assistance. States would benefit by alleviating the budget constraint caused by disasters, and easing their dependency on Federal aid. Families would benefit by reducing personal disaster costs and protecting loved ones. Communities and local economies would benefit by enabling citizens and businesses to recover more quickly after an event.    While the benefits are clear, the question remains: What specific actions can Congress take?    The National Mitigation Investment Strategy is based on the latest science and engineering research from world-class research institutions, such as the Insurance Institute for Business and Home Safety, or IBHS. IBHS and other research institutions conduct research on building performance standards and simulated disaster conditions and controlled environments. Research from these institutions demonstrates that statewide adoption and enforcement of building codes can reduce long-term risk. Studies conducted in the wake of major disasters also support this finding.    Another fact. According to IBHS, at least 25 percent of all businesses that close down for 24 hours or more during a disaster never reopen. That is staggering stats. And think about the businesses and the jobs.    Another stat we looked at was the LSU Hurricane Center estimated that stronger building codes would have reduced wind damage in Hurricane Katrina by 80 percent, or $8 billion.    So thank you for your leadership, Congressman Curbelo and Congressman Sires. I am pleased to report that the core principles from this report have been turned into legislation and introduced in H.R. 5177, the National Mitigation Investment Act. This act provides a powerful incentive for States to adopt and enforce statewide building codes and authorize a first-of-its-kind competitive grant program to improve building code enforcement.    Further, the legislation includes a provision authorized by the chairman in H.R. 1471, authorizing Congress to look at the first comprehensive assessment of Federal disaster spending by Congress in over 20 years. Congressional leaders, policy experts, and GAO all agree strong building codes, and enhanced pre-disaster mitigation would provide life and cost-saving benefits.    I urge you and your colleagues to support the National Mitigation Investment Act in order to rein in Federal Government's exploding costs. Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and the subcommittee, I applaud you for your efforts, and thank you for taking up this issue. I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Nelson. Yes. Just to add to that, the wealth effect that has happened in America since the 1970s, clearly, the average home size has increased by about 1,000 square feet.    Echoing the comment more and more Americans moving to areas that have higher risk, but adding on top of that--we see it in our statistics--if you are growing in an area with poor building codes versus good building codes, we see it in the claims data, we see it--where we shouldn't be seeing claims we see claims at low wind speeds, at small hail sizes. There is a better way forward, and we see it for States like Florida that have had very good adoption of building codes. There are proven studies that have shown how much it has benefitted. So just to add that to the conversation.    Mr. Nelson. In the wake of a disaster it is the role of the insurance company to make that insured whole again. And so we are paying for the building, we are paying for the contents. If you are a small business, we are giving you business income interruption coverage. We are also providing additional living expense. And so significant dollars, compared to--you know, usually individual grants are small grants to consumers. They are not going to make you whole again. They are not going to be enough to rebuild your home, in general speaking.    So, it is important. The insurance industry plays a major role in natural disasters. And our trends, because of the weather volatility, we have been seeing those trends go up. And so this is an important concept because what do insurance companies do? We spread the risk over people and over time. And as the risk changes, the prices change. And so it is important that we bend the cost curve for the Federal Government and bend the cost curve for consumers.    Mr. Nelson. First, I just want to start with we have to get the word out about mitigation. There is a perception that mitigation costs so much money to consumers. Travelers, we are a proud supporter of Habitat for Humanity. We went out and we built a dozen fortified homes along the coast of America, and I personally participated in building one in New Haven, Connecticut. The average cost is only 2 to 5 percent on new construction. And so, we just have to make sure that consumers understand this. And so that is first.    Second, clearly, you got a difficult decision in front of us. You know, spending is so difficult in Congress today, everyone understands that. But we have to consider spending more at pre-disaster mitigation funds--again, proven techniques with IBHS and other studies--and evaluate that, and evaluate streamlining some of these FEMA programs. Thank you.    Mr. Nelson. You know, IBHS, we have come out with a program called FORTIFIED. There's a bronze program. The bronze program concentrates on the roof coverings. And so we have looked at taping the roofs, the seams on the roof deck. And maybe that is about $500 to $1,000. And that prevents water intrusion in case you lose your shingles. So that is the first step.    The second step that is a proven technique is really bolstering all your openings, either covering your openings or putting some other reinforcements in place. And then the gold standard is looking at the building kind of end to end, looking how it is anchored at your foundation, through the walls, and to the roof.    And so, these are techniques that we are very happy to say some States have embraced. Alabama, coast of Alabama has now embraced the FORTIFIED standards within their codes and their coastal counties. And they have also put in a program to try and--for mitigation grants.    And so, we are seeing a lot of success with this program. We are even seeing some builders voluntarily building these homes.    Mr. Nelson. Thank you. First, let me say I would echo your concerns that you are raising. I think those are profound issues that we have to evaluate. So----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, for the record, I just want to note that he called me profound.    Mr. Nelson. So the--I do think, if you just step back for a minute, Travelers--let me just back up. Travelers, we do write flood insurance on a commercial basis for commercial insurance. We do not write homeowners flood insurance and we have no plans to enter that market. We also do not have a formalized position on this, I will just express my own points of view.    So when you look at it--I have looked at a lot of the FEMA rate plans--I think they need to modernize their rate plans. The private industry should not be able to compete with FEMA on price. Remember, we have to buy reinsurance. We have to have enough capital to meet our obligations. That means we have to have a pool of money. Typically, that is our shareholders' money, so they have to get a return on that. We should not be able to compete with FEMA.    And so you step back, their plan needs to be modernized. Their rate plan, I have looked at it, it is not at all consistent with how the private sector looks at insurance, sells insurance, and has a rating plan. So let's start with that, let's modernize the program, and then let's evaluate how we can privatize to think about that cherry-picking aspect. Thank you.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your generosity.