    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just would build on a conversation that Mr. Clay had, and this was, Mr. Ellis, in your testimony you said that masking subsidies with lower rates prevents policyholders from understanding their true level of risk. Is my understanding correct that under the current program, policyholders just see the premium payment that they need to make. Right?    Mr. Royce. That is what they can see. How difficult would it be to break out the subsidy? How difficult would it be to make transparent the amount that the government or that the other taxpayers are covering on behalf of the homeowner?    Mr. Royce. It seems to me that if you can capture the information, that the increased transparency there would have a positive impact on future decision-making because it would probably decrease moral hazard. It would increase mitigation efforts, perhaps, but letting the policyholder understand that up front would be helpful.    My other point was that the Flood Insurance Program Act of 2012 attempted to address the issue of repetitive loss priorities, and this is where multiple claims have been made on the same property. So the GAO found that while these properties amount to 1 percent of policies, they account for 40 percent of all of the program claim losses. Do you think that 2012 reform bill gave the NFIP the tools necessary to address high-risk, repetitive loss properties, and what else could be done there?    Mr. Royce. And I think if people understand the risks they were taking or the likelihood, and if all of that data--well, let's hear some of the other perspectives on that issue, if I could just open it up.    Mr. Royce. But it is not that many claims, there are not that many areas that we are discussing in the general scheme of things. How difficult would it be to try to obtain that information?    Mr. Royce. There must be. Is there any way, with GPS or something, that would be cheaper in today's world?    Mr. Royce. Yes. We should probably ask the GAO to see if we can find a very inexpensive way in order to create a template here where we can get access to that information, and share it with the policyholders as well so that they understand in terms of the elevation, if you are in a flood plain. Anyway, my time has expired. Thank you very much.