    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Chairman and Ranking Member Cummings for holding this hearing.    I want to echo something that as we as a committee and Members of Congress debate and analyze and do our due diligence, that it is truly important, and I think we highlight it every time we have a hearing, that we need comprehensive immigration reform. It is badly needed to address these issues that we are talking about. And I wish that we would use as much passion as we are using in finding those areas that we find unacceptable to use that to improve and to develop comprehensive reform.    Assistant Secretary Saldana, I understand that there are hundreds of thousands of immigrants waiting an average of 587 days for a hearing, and that they are waiting three to 5 years for their cases to be resolved. It is also my understanding that there are only 260, only 260 immigration judges operating in 58 U.S. immigration courts in our Country. In fact, my home State of Michigan, we only have two immigration judges for the entire State.    With immigration judges responsible for an average, an average of 1,500 cases a year, it is no wonder that the National Association of Immigration Judges is saying that these people can wait for years, for years, for a final hearing of their cases.    I know that the Office of the Chief Immigration Judge is housed in the Department of Justice and not in the Homeland Security. But as they are essential to the removal process that we are talking about, or the litigation process, I am trying to understand how your two agencies work together.    So, Assistant Secretary, you tell me what happens to detainees while they await their court dates, and specifically outline your role and the Department of Homeland Security.    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes.    Mrs. Lawrence. At this committee's hearing on February the 25th, we discussed a number of legal constraints that DHS faces, and releasing these detainees. ICE sent a letter on August 15th, 2014, to Senator Grassley, addressing some of these issues.    I ask for unanimous consent to enter this response into the record, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Lawrence. According to this letter, ``ICE has no discretion for the release of many of these individuals.'' This letter also explains that a 2001 Supreme Court case, Zadvydas v. Davis, requires certain detainees to be released from DHS custody. Can you explain how it affects ICE's ability to keep individuals in detention?    Mrs. Lawrence. Mr. Chairman, before I yield my time, I just want to make sure that we understand that comprehensive immigration reform is needed. We have the courts, we have the Department of Homeland Security, we have ICE. And until we, as a Congress, step forward and do what we need to do with comprehensive reform, we will continue to come forward looking at these issues and finding what is not right, and we need to make it right.    Thank you so much.