    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, thanks for holding this 2 day marathon hearing here. Great opportunity. Thank you so much for this first panel.    My question has to do with the ACRSI program. The report the Committee received on the accomplishments of ACRSI listed a number of key outstanding efforts that have not yet been completed. Now, we appreciate that these are complex systems and involve large amounts of data, but the report you sent to the Committee suggested that the program was, ``substantially complete,'' in spite of only covering 30 counties in a pilot program so far.    So my question was what can you tell us about the outstanding issues for integrating systems across FSA, RMA, and the approved insurance providers, and how are they being addressed, and what kind of timeline can we anticipate for completing those?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you. There has been some mention from my colleagues about trade. That is obviously extremely important. It seems like trade is what kind of insulated our agriculture industry during difficult times, 2008, 2009, at the least to a degree was maintained in a robust form.    So Mr. Karsting, it would be helpful, can you describe or clarify your role as an advocate of the agriculture industry in the context of international trade? And how does your role differ from that of USTR? And how do all of you coordinate your efforts?    Mr. Thompson. Very good. Thanks to all of you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Moolenaar, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Bonnie, it is good to see you. I want to follow up on the catastrophic wildfire season. It has been a terrible season, obviously, and the loss of life of some very outstanding Forest Service employees. We are certainly keeping them and their families in our thoughts and prayers.    The Administration has been very vocal for the need to provide more funding to combat wildfires and also to stop fire borrowing from the Forest Service budget. As a matter of fact, I see there is a press release today regarding the Administration's letter to Congress addressing the budget issue. And I agree there needs to be a solution, but fixing the budget is not the final solution, certainly not the full solution. However, addressing fire borrowing will not solve the issue.    It is also very important the Forest Service have the ability to expediently treat National Forest acres for forest health and wild fire prevention. The Committee passed through the House H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forest Act of 2015. Now, the legislation was an earnest attempt to give the Forest Service more authority and much needed flexibility to deal with these challenges of process funding, litigation, necessary timber harvesting, and much needed act of management.    Now, the Obama Administration strongly opposes this legislation, despite the fact in your testimony when you were talking just most recently about a fire. You were using words that were in that bill, collaborative, expedited, NEPA. I mean, you were kind of describing the bill that your boss or your boss' boss opposes, I guess, or you oppose. And so can you explain the Administration's opposition to the bill?    Mr. Thompson. So let me cut to then--I get it. You want more money. Is there anything in this legislation or are there other ideas the Administration can support--and I am going to say beyond money, okay. Not to say that we don't need to look at that, but I am looking for ideas beyond that that would assist the Forest Service in actively treating forest acres?    Mr. Thompson. I think we had categorical exclusions in this bill that you oppose.    Mr. Thompson. I agree wholeheartedly. But this was a forest management bill. Certainly markets and doing things to increase value timber to support the markets, those are the things we can do and certainly are going in the trade agreements being negotiated. But I still--you are not convincing me--I haven't heard a good reason to oppose this bill yet.    Mr. Thompson. Yes. Let me share some numbers with you. And these are numbers actually from your testimony or from, maybe it was a press release, but although you made reference to it. 1995, \1/6\ of the Forest Service budget was used for fighting forest fires; August of 2015, \1/2\ the budget, and then you made a projection for the future.    I would happen to agree with you, the trajectory we are on. And I know part of it is warmer temperatures, but part of it is just sort of allowing the fuel load to build up way too high.    Mr. Thompson. I want to go back and readdress the numbers. 1995, where you spent \1/6\ the Forest Service budget, you harvested 3.8 billion board-feet. Just in 1987, prior to that, 7 years prior we harvested 12.7 billion board-feet. In August of 2015, where this year, \1/2\ the Forest Service budget is consumed in wildfire fighting, you only harvested 2.4 billion board feet.    I really want to look at the root cause of this. What are those implications in terms of, number one, fuel load? And number two, I would put on the table that I don't know what the average--and I know there is a wide range--the average value of a board-foot saw log harvested from a National Forest. I know it is a wide range, but certainly there is a number there. Whatever that number is, I mean, it has to be a huge amount of lost revenue when you think that we have lost, based on the high, we are not harvesting this year 10.3 billion board feet.    You know, you were looking for more revenue? You are sitting on a resource that produces revenue if you are doing the job. And if you are producing a revenue, you are taking away the fuel load. And I would argue that is the biggest problem we have.    And so those are--I know I am way out of time, but I will look forward to talking with you more about those. This is obviously--we are going to be doing a hearing in the Subcommittee on Forestry, on October 6, coming up here soon. So we will----    Mr. Thompson. Restoration is surrender treatment. The word treatment is surrender, because that means you have allowed a problem to be created. We need to be proactive. That is saw log harvesting.    Mr. Thompson. Well, I would say it is a big part of it. It is preventing problems from occurring and developing.    Sorry, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Moolenaar, 5 minutes.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks to all the members of this panel. If there is probably two words that define agriculture today, and it is science and technology, and so I really appreciate the research, evidence-based research, the information, the data. That is the other thing.    You know, we need good data. If you don't have good data, I see that all too often here in Washington, we are making decisions based on myth or a notion and the research and the data that is provided.    So my question for you, and I struggled with this my first term. I saw a number of different research prospects that the taxpayers funded, but it seemed like they didn't go anywhere. They may have gotten great outcomes, but they sat on the shelf and it seemed like it maybe contributed towards tenure, but the mindset was, and I get it, especially our university-based research at times, it is once you do a great research study, it is time to do the next one.    And so what are we doing in terms of assuring that we take, what I think are some pretty exciting outcomes and findings, from much of the research that taxpayers pay for, how do we make sure that is being commercialized, that the outcomes are actually going for the public good, and how can we improve that, because I actually believe that whatever we are doing now, we can raise the bar on that and improve it?    Mr. Thompson. That would be great.    Mr. Thompson. Please.    Mr. Thompson. Very good. Thank you very much.    Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the panel. Dr. Ramaswamy, you had a clarifying comment on the claiming of Federal dollars with respect to the matches?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Chairman. Madam Secretary, Administrators, thank you so much for being here, and thanks for what you do as well. I heard the word thrive being used. I would have to say that the only way that urban America, and I know that is the 25 percent of the land mass that we are not really talking about today--it is the 85 percent of the population--the only way urban America thrives is if rural America thrives.    We provide their food; we provide their building materials; we provide their natural resources; we provide their energy. And people work hard to do that, those of us who live in rural America. So my personal experience with your agency has been a very positive one. I appreciate how when the communities work hard and they apply for these loan funds, I give them all the credit because it is their due diligence. It makes a difference to those communities, and they have gone the route of looking to the private-sector first. They have exhausted those opportunities and resources.    Many times it is a collaboration. It is a true great examples of public-private partnerships. And so I want to thank you for what you do, and the fact is that if, how you serve rural America, because once again, if rural America fails, this country fails because those are just basic fundamental needs.    A couple of specific questions, starting with Administrator McBride, rural electricity, I am hearing a lot about the President's Clean Power Plan, and I am just curious, how will that, the President's Clean Power Plan, affect your loan portfolio?    Mr. Thompson. I have significant concerns. I work very closely with the rural electric cooperatives. They provide some of the most affordable kilowatt hour rates. They use a very diverse portfolio. They need to be able to do that. They have already been impacted with the war on coal, the closing of coal-fired power plants, even the closing of waste coal power plants, which essentially are cleaning up some scars from 100 years ago. It makes no sense. So I have tremendous concerns on that. I look forward to keeping in contact with you on that issue.    Mr. Thompson. Administrator Hernandez, once again just revisiting the Community Facilities grants and loans program, which I have seen a lot of success in my rural communities. And the gentleman that runs Pennsylvania does such a great job, a former staffer here on the Hill for a Democratic Congressman, and so I appreciate his communications. The President's Fiscal Year 2016 budget request zeroed out the Community Facilities Guaranteed Loan Program and substantially increased the Community Facilities Grant Program.    So my question is, what was the rationale behind this, and do you view grants as more efficient use of taxpayer resources than guaranteed loans; and can you compare the workload for the approval process for a grant to that of a loan guarantee?    Mr. Thompson. Any insight as to why the President's budget request would have zeroed out the guaranteed loan program?    Mr. Thompson. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Plaskett, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Chairman, thank you. Thanks to all the Secretaries, Administrators, for your service, for being here today. I wanted to, Administrator Shea, APHIS has made some very firm commitments about how long it takes to make regulatory decisions for biotechnology products, which obviously are very important. This is something this Committee has worked on. My question is pretty straightforward. Are you meeting those goals? Can you talk about the process a little bit?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much. Mr. Secretary, you recently proposed very stringent, new performance standards for ground turkey and chicken products. Do you think the industry as a whole can even be able to meet those new standards, and are you certain that their implementation will result in quantifiable benefits to American consumers that will ultimately outweigh the cost to both the industry and the consumers?    Mr. Thompson. So you will be able to measure, and at some point, share with us, the cost-benefit analysis of the cost of implementing the regulations versus the benefits?    Mr. Thompson. Sure. I think that is important any time we are looking at regulation.    Mr. Thompson. I appreciate what you are doing. Administrator Mitchell, at times, livestock market owners have been told by GIPSA they may not exclude people from their places of business. When can a livestock market exclude someone for financial reasons, and how can they go about it?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Kelly, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Chairman, thank you. Thanks to all of you for your service.    Ms. Rowe, I wanted to continue to talk about SNAP. As we all know, it is a federally-funded state administered program, meaning the states are responsible for administering, being the boots on the ground basically of the SNAP program. They are the ones down on the ground making the program happen with FNS providing guidance and support.    So my question I have, first one, in your budget request for Fiscal Year 2016 there was a request for 373 employees just for SNAP at the Federal level, in addition to overall nutrition program administration staff of nearly 1,000 employees. Now, the request is more than double the employees from 2013 when the program peaked at 47.6 million. As we just heard, thankfully, the need is coming down. So we should meet that need, no doubt about it, but it is good though when we see that need come down.    And I know within testimony I hear a lot about technology and the recognition that we use technology for efficiency, we need to apply what I consider originated manufacturing, the whole lean approach to greater outcomes, greater productivity, with fewer resources. But this represents more than double the employees from 2013 when the program peaked the demand for it. Back then, there were only 170 employees. Why the significant increase of needed employees for SNAP?    Mr. Thompson. I see my time has expired, but I certainly agree. I think anything that we can do to take these supports and make it a workforce development program that is a springboard toward greater opportunity for people.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Scott, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize for being late. I had a general in my office from my Air Force base.    I want to follow up on what you just mentioned, only because I have a situation back home I am working right now. A gentleman that was arrested when he was younger. He works full time now, he makes around $12 an hour, his wife doesn't make quite that much, but they would normally qualify for food stamps. But because of his criminal record, even though he is a deacon in the church now and has no arrest or charges or anything in the last probably 10 years, is being told that he is not eligible, is that for the duration of his life that he would be prohibited from receiving the benefit?