    Mr. Upton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This is an important issue, that is for sure, and it has been an especially harsh flu season, and preliminary estimates show that this year's vaccine is only 23 percent effective in preventing folks from going to the doctor for treatment, even lower for high-risk groups, which is often the case I know.    Usually, the flu vaccine is about 50 to 60 percent effective, and I, like many folks back in Michigan and across the country, would like to see us do better in addressing this major public health threat.    Every year, between 5 and 20 percent of Americans get the flu. In a severe flu season like this one, there could be more than 50,000 deaths, over 200,000 hospitalizations, and more than $10 billion spent on direct medical costs. The flu is and should be a top priority for all of U.S. public health.    This year's vaccine, we know, is less effective because it is not a good match for the flu strain that has become dominant. The flu virus strain changed significantly during the 6 months after the strain selection decision for the U.S. was made. The World Health Organization, in September, recommended changing the flu vaccine for the Southern Hemisphere to use in their upcoming flu season that starts in April but by the time the change in virus was evident, it was too late to change the U.S. vaccine.    Now, it is worth pointing out that the CDC continues to recommend vaccinations in the U.S., even with a lower effectiveness, and that high-risk patients should be treated as soon as possible with all antiviral drugs.    When we learned that there was a shift in the virus, what options were available to respond to the mismatch in viruses? Was there a way to deploy a rescue vaccine targeting just the changed virus? Was there a way to improve the effectiveness of this year's vaccine by adding substances to boost the immune response? Those are some of the questions that we need to have answered as we proceed with this hearing.    And I appreciate the folks that are testifying today and yield to Dr. Burgess and then to Marsha Blackburn.