    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Madam Chairman. Thank you to the witnesses.    Ms. Spencer, I just want to drill down a little deeper in terms of just who the program was in New York that was the subject of the IG report. Again, it was not the National Association of Community Health Centers that operated that program. It was a sub-grantee of the National Association of Community Health Centers, isn't that correct?    Mr. Courtney. And so the total grant for the community health centers group nationally, again, the 535 volunteers that are funded, I mean, those are all across the country.    Mr. Courtney. Not just in New York City. So for example, in Connecticut, where I come from, there are 21 individuals that are funded through that National Association grant. There are four in my district in Norwich, Connecticut, who I am, you know, a frequent flyer at that community health center. They don't provide anything remotely close to abortion services. So the four volunteers that are funded through that grant, I mean, do things like schedule flu shots, you know, help with monitoring patients who are high emergency room utilizers, you know, help with medication management. I mean, they are doing this sort of blocking and tackling of primary care. And in many instances, our young individuals who later on end up going to medical school or advanced practice nursing, I mean, it is really a launching pad for people in terms of a healthcare career that has benefits that exceed even, sort of, the metrics of what you were talking about in terms of program success.    So I guess, you know, I think it is important sometimes right now, to put this in perspective here. I mean, if we cancel a contract across the country, you are hitting community health centers that, again, are not even close--    Mr. Courtney. Thank you. And I would just say that, again, stepping back even further in terms of just the scope of AmeriCorps as far as its, you know, value to the taxpayer, we have an RSVP program up in northeastern Connecticut that organizes veterans' coffeehouse. It sounds kind of small potatoes, but actually it has become a gathering point for the most rural part of the State for veterans who, as a result, are now getting VA benefits that they did not know they were entitled to because of, you know, the good information that is shared at that coffeehouse. We have medal recoveries for World War II vets, Korean War vets that never would have happened. And, you know, you are talking, Greg Kline's the director of it. I mean--    Mr. Courtney. You know, this is really, at best, you know, part-time pay that is happening. But again, the ripple effect in terms of the value to people who wore the uniform of this country is, you know, far excess in terms of whatever small investment the taxpayer makes.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you. Madam Chairman, I have an article from the Hartford Current which describes the AmeriCorps program for veterans which we discussed here and I have asked that it be made part of the record.    Chairwoman Foxx. Without objection.    Mr. Courtney. And again, I think what's--you know, again, get some perspective here about what happened and what is an appropriate remedy and not throw the baby out with the bathwater. I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much. That is an interesting analogy you would use.    Mr. Guthrie, you are recognized for 5 minutes.