    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing to order this morning. The title today is the hearing on the Quadrennial Energy Review and Related Discussion Drafts, including Title III, Energy Diplomacy. We will have two panels of witnesses this morning. And, of course, on the first panel we have our Secretary of Energy, Mr. Moniz, who is no stranger to this committee or to Congress. So we appreciate him being with us very much, and look forward to his opening statement. And then we will have some questions relating to his testimony, as well as other issues.    And at this time, I would like to recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Everyone is very much aware that this subcommittee and the Congress has been working on a bipartisan energy bill for several months now. Many people are even asking, not surprisingly, is there enough common ground between our efforts and the Obama Administration to enact meaningful energy legislation. And I do believe that this question was answered with a clear yes when the Department of Energy's first installment of its Quadrennial Energy Review was released last April. This detailed study focuses on the infrastructure implications of America's new energy boom, and many of its recommendations overlap with provisions of our draft energy bill.    And so we are excited that Mr. Moniz is here today, so that we can explore the perspective of the Department of Energy as the country makes dramatic changes in its energy distribution, production, transmission system. We have a lot of infrastructure needs. We are focusing on the diplomatic diplomacy aspects of energy, which is becoming more and more important to our friends in the European Union, who find themselves reliant on natural gas coming from Russia. And so we have many opportunities in the United States to come forth with a good energy policy. And I think that most of the provisions that we are focused on in this energy bill, democrats and republicans agree that they need to be addressed, and one of the biggest is infrastructure needs, and trying to improve the permitting process, for an example.    So I look forward to the testimony of all of our witnesses today. And we have a real opportunity here and we don't want to drop this ball, so we are getting close to the end of drafting this legislation, coming up with a final product, and we look forward to move it in a meaningful way.    Mr. Whitfield. And at this time, I would like to recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for his opening statement.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important hearing today on the QER, and--as well as on a variety of other energy issues covered in the discussion draft.    Mr. Chairman, let me first begin by welcoming the Honorable and distinguished Secretary of Energy, Mr. Moniz, here to the subcommittee today. Welcome, Mr. Secretary. Mr. Secretary, let me commend you for the outstanding work you have been involved in on a myriad of different issues, all important to the American people. Mr. Chairman--Mr. Secretary, you might not accept this, you might not--you might think that this is a--not something that you see, but in my mind and in the mind of a number of my constituents, you are indeed a superstar Secretary. We are proud of your work on behalf of our Nation. Mr. Secretary, from your leadership in the historic nuclear talks with Iran, to establishing the much-needed Minorities and Energy Initiative at DOE, to overseeing the development of the comprehensive QER, are among your more important accomplishments. And I have no doubt that you will go down as one of the most significant and effective Energy Secretaries of modern time. You see, I am a fan, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Secretary, as you may be aware, I have a bill that I will soon be introducing that will amend the Department of Energy Organization Act to replace the current requirement for a biannual energy policy plan with a quadrennial energy review. It is my hope that this bill, like its Senate counterpart that was recently introduced by Secretary Coons of Delaware and Senator Alexander of Tennessee, will attract bipartisan support. In fact, Mr. Secretary, I have held off on introducing the bill as of yet so that my office can continue to hold talks with the majority side in order to find language that both sides can agree on. And, Mr. Chairman, I will continue to reach across the aisle for support on this nonpartisan issue of codifying a quadrennial energy review, and I hope that we can find common ground.    Mr. Chairman, the QER addresses many areas that are also covered in the discussion draft of the Comprehensive Energy Bill we have all been working on. Issues such as increasing the resilience, reliability, and safety of the grid are discussed in both packages. Additionally, there are many similarities in both the QER and in the discussion draft regarding integrating North American energy markets, modernizing the grid, and enhancing employment and workforce training. However, Mr. Chairman, there is still much work to be done in bridging the gap in areas where there are some disagreements, such as in signing and permitting and addressing the environmental aspect of transportation--or transmission rather, storage, and distribution infrastructure. Specifically, in the discussion draft before us today, I have some concerns regarding the cross-border approval process described in Section 3104. In this section, the burden is shifted away from farming companies and onto agency officials to issue so-called certificates of crossing, unless the official finds the project, and I quote, ``is not in the public interests of the United States.''    Another concern that I have, Mr. Chairman, is in Section 3102, which sets up an interagency taskforce to evaluate North American energy flows. However, the task is noticeably missing representatives from either the Council of Environmental Quality, the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as the Departments of Interior or Transportation, among others who may weigh in on environmental issues.    Mr. Chairman, as we move forward with the goal of putting forth a truly bipartisan energy bill, it is my hope that the majority side will work with us to find common ground on most of these issues, and put precedence in doing the right thing above doing it quickly.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Rush, for that opening statement.    At this time, I would like to recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    That concludes the opening statements for today. And, Mr. Secretary, once again, thank you for joining us. We do look forward to your insights on these important issues. And I would like to recognize you for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. I am not sure the microphone is on, but----    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Secretary Moniz.    And at this time, I will recognize myself for 5 minutes of statements and questions.    We all recognize that the Clean Energy Plan has been at the very center of President Obama's initiatives, and I think everyone recognizes that the tension between the Obama Administration and republicans in the House and Senate, as well as elsewhere, has been--many of us feel that the President is moving so quickly through regulations without adequate communication with the legislative body, and while we all recognize the need for an all-of-the-above policy emphasizing clean energy, we look at Europe and we see how some policies over there in which countries like Germany have made decisions to eliminate nuclear energy, has created low wholesale prices, extremely high retail prices, and as a result, Europe has some real economic problems. So what we want to be sure about in America is, we made this mad rush for change, that we do so in a way that we can protect the reliability, the affordability, so that America can continue to be competitive in the global marketplace.    Mr. McKinley, who left, was just telling me that in West Virginia, they have lost 45 percent of their coal jobs. And so this economic impact affects all of us, and that is why we are trying to move this energy bill. That is why the Quadrennial Energy Review is so important to look at all aspects of everything because everyone knows that we are fortunate, we have an abundant energy supply, natural gas particularly, and oil as well, but we have infrastructure needs. And it is very difficult to get permits, it takes years, and so as we are shutting down coal plants through regulatory orders, we don't always have the capability to get the energy product to where it needs to go. And so that is what this is all about.    So one of the things I just wanted to ask you, you were talking about the development of this first installment was a colossal undertaking with at least 22 agencies involved and more than a year of work. And if this is the first installment of the QER, will there be a new installment each year for the next 3 years, and then the process will begin all over again? Is that what your understanding is? Yes, there you go.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Now----    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. My time is already running out here. I want to focus on one issue--maybe because I was in the railroad industry, but railroads provide a vital transportation network for all sorts of commodities in America, and historically railroads have generated lots of income from moving coal. And the coal shipments have dropped dramatically, even though our coal exports are up, despite problems with trying to open up coal export facilities in Washington State. But many people are genuinely concerned about the financial viability of the railroad industry with this extreme reduction in coal transportation. Was that discussed in the quadrennial review process from your personal knowledge? Was there any discussion about that at all?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Because we do have to have a strong financial railroad sector just because of the impact it has on our entire economy.    So my time has expired. At this time, I would like to recognize Mr. Rush for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. Thank you.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time----    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you. At this time, I will recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Barton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Olson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired, but are you saying that under 3104, our legislation would not require a NEPA review?    Mr. Whitfield. OK, because I----    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. It is required.    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you.    At this time, I will recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the chair recognizes the gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Castor, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentlelady's time--no, go ahead.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Gentlelady's time has expired.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Pitts, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, recognize the gentlelady from California, Mrs. Capps, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont, Mr. Welch.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for five.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Engel, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman----    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Thank you.    At this time, I am going to recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, at this time, I am going to recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Flores, but I also just want to make a comment that we really appreciate your taking the leadership with the Republican Study Group on the forum on oil exports, and have an opportunity to examine that more thoroughly today, so----    Mr. Whitfield . You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Mr. Pompeo of Kansas is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    And that concludes our questions. We have one additional member though, Mr. Cramer of North Dakota, who is a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, he is not in this particular subcommittee, but he has been so focused on these issues that he sat here for 2 \1/2\ hours with us, and we are going to give him the opportunity to ask 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you.    And that concludes the first panel. Secretary Moniz, thank you very much for your testimony and answers to our questions, and we look forward to continuing to work with you on many pressing issues as we move forward. And thanks again for your leadership. And Mr. Rush will be notifying you of the formation of the fan club, and we will be getting together soon with that.    Mr. Whitfield. And there will be a huge crowd there, so.    I would like to call up the second panel of witnesses at this time. And I want to thank them for their patience. I know many of them came from long distances.    On our second panel today we have Mr. Rudolf Dolzer, who flew all the way to the U.S. from Bonn, Germany, to testify. And we appreciate him being here. We have Mr. Jason Grumet, who is the President of the Bipartisan Policy Center. And we have Mr. Gerald Kepes, who is Vice President, Upstream Research and Consulting. We have Ms. Alison Cassady, who is the Director of the Domestic Energy Policy for the Center for American Progress. We have Ms. Emily Hammond, who is Professor of Law at George Washington University Law School. And I am going to call on my colleague, Mr. Pitts of Pennsylvania, to introduce one of our witnesses as well.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you. And, Mr. Martin, thank you for being with us.    Once again, I want to thank all of you. We really look forward to your testimony. And I am sorry that there was such a delay in your testifying. We had to reschedule a little bit. But, Mr. Dolzer, I think you came the longest distance--from Bonn, Germany, and I think you were in the German Parliament at the time, and you are a professor also at the University of Bonn, and so we genuinely appreciate your making this effort. And I am going to recognize you to start off with for 5 minutes. And then after everyone has concluded, we will have some questions for some of you. So, Mr. Dolzer, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Dr. Dolzer.    And our next witness, as I said, is Mr. Jason Grumet, who is the President of the Bipartisan Policy Center. And thank you very much for being with us. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you.    And our next witness, who has already been introduced, but is Mr. Scott Martin, who is a County Commissioner, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. Thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. What did I say?    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, I am going to----    Mr. Whitfield. I am going to let you and Mr. Pitts work that out.    Mr. Whitfield. But thanks for letting me know.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Martin.    And our next witness is Mr. Gerald Kepes, who is Vice President of Upstream Research and Consulting. And, Mr. Kepes, thanks for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Did you turn your microphone on?    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Kepes, forgive me for interrupting. Would you mind taking Ms. Cassady's microphone and try that one?    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Mr. Kepes.    And our next witness is Alison Cassady, who is the Director of Domestic Energy Policy for the Center for American Progress. And thank you very much for being with us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Ms. Cassady.    And our next witness is Ms. Emily Hammond, who is Professor of Law at George Washington University Law School. And thank you for joining us, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Ms. Hammond.    And that concludes the opening statements. I just want to make an announcement that we are expecting some votes around 1:30 or so. There are only six members here, so we each get 5 minutes. That will be 30 minutes. I think that we can make it through and give you all an opportunity to respond if we go efficiently and quickly.    So I am going to recognize myself for 5 minutes, make sure I get mine in, Bobby, and then we will go from there.    Ms. Cassady and Ms. Hammond both made comments about climate change, and certainly, that is something we are very much concerned about, but I would like to remind everyone that within the Federal Government, just the U.S. Federal Government, there are 68 different initiatives on climate change. There has been a total of about $36, $37 billion spent by the U.S. Government alone each year just on climate change. So the differences that we are having with President Obama, truthfully, is that he views it as the most important issue facing mankind, and some of us have different views that a job, access to healthcare, clean water, affordable energy, economic growth are very important also. So I appreciate your comments--and now Mr. Pallone is coming in so that is another person, so I am going to have to hurry. OK. I wanted to make that comment.    Now, Dr. Dolzer, in France, they have a large percentage of their electricity produced from nuclear. Germany made the decision, I guess, to stop all production of energy by nuclear. Is that still the policy in Germany?    Mr. Whitfield. And, of course, you all have been--in Germany, they have been moving very quickly to renewable energy: wind, solar, whatever. So what has the result been? I mean has it affected your reliability? Has it affected the retail prices of electricity or not?    Mr. Whitfield. I was told that last year----    Mr. Whitfield . Two-thirds of U.S. coal exports went to Europe.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. When you--in your testimony, when you were talking about Europe being more vulnerable, is that what you were referring to?    Mr. Whitfield. The policy about the renewables and the push for----    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. At this time, I am going to recognize Mr. Rush for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. I yield back.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    Because we now have called votes, I am going to reduce the amount of time to 3 minutes for everyone so that, hopefully, we can give everybody a chance.    So, Mr. Olson, you are recognized for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, recognize the gentleman from New Jersey for 3 minutes, Mr. Pallone.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Pitts, for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, Mr. Green, that is our view as well, and we would love for our staff to sit down with Ms. Cassady in more detail, but it is our understanding that this does not change the NEPA process.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman's time has expired.    Recognize the gentlemen from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 3 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. And there are no other questions. So thank all of you once again for your patience, and we look forward to maintaining contact with you and continuing to work with you as we try to bring this legislation to the committee.    I am also asking unanimous consent that a statement from the Canadian Electricity Association be submitted for the record. And without----    Mr. Rush. No objection.    Mr. Whitfield. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Whitfield. Is this it? OK. And we are going to keep the record open for 10 days for any additional material that may need to be submitted.    And once again, that will conclude today's hearing. Thank you all for your interest. And, Mr. Dolzer, thanks for coming all the way from Germany.