    Ms. Mensah. Thank you also to the other Members and Ranking Member Peterson when he arrives. I want to thank you for the opportunity to discuss the program successes, challenges, of the Department of Agriculture's Rural Development mission area. I am accompanied this morning by Rural Development Administrators Brandon McBride, Sam Rikkers, and Tony Hernandez.    Rural Development manages a loan portfolio of more than $200 billion through nearly 50 programs and services organized into three distinct areas: Rural business and cooperative services, rural utility programs, and rural housing and community facilities programs. Together we are focused on increasing economic opportunities and improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.    Some of our resources finance large, long-term loans to develop and grow businesses. Other resources are invested in smaller, more specific projects targeted at the smallest producers. Further, support is offered by our agency to address underlying utility, housing, or community needs of large rural areas. All of these investments offer hope and support needed to encourage economic development. I am deeply appreciative of the authorities provided to our agency by Congress through the 2014 Farm Bill.    You renew our ability to deepen our work in our core programs on behalf of rural America, and those programs are so important. For example, Rural Development provided a business and industry guaranteed loan to a Somerset, Pennsylvania company to purchase equipment to return manufacturing operations from China to the U.S. The company manufactures and distributes respiratory medical devices and products such as nebulizers, oxygen concentrators, and CPAP equipment. USDA's rural development assistance means that these products are now proudly stamped made in the USA by American workers.    We are also supporting more basic needs like access to clean water or to food. Second Harvest of Georgia is a nonprofit that feeds hungry people in 30 south Georgia counties. We provided funding to build a distribution facility with a commercial kitchen that can produce up to 10,000 meals a day for south Georgia residents in need. Since 2009, Rural Development has helped more than 900,000 rural families to buy, repair, or refinance a home. We provided funding for 3,000 multi-family housing developments, and we are successfully delivering new or improved broadband service to 1.5 million households, businesses, schools, libraries, and community facilities.    We helped modernize rural electric infrastructure for about 8\1/2\ million rural businesses and families, and we provided grants and loans for water and wastewater projects to help safeguard the health of more than 14.5 million rural residents.    We understand the need to invest wisely and stretch our limited resources. Our portfolio is full of examples of Rural Development working with others to understand the needs of the region and support projects that encourage development. Over the past 2 years, Rural Development leveraged over $2 billion in Community Facilities direct funds with $1.2 billion from institutional investors in the capital credit markets.    Partnership projects are spurring economic growth and job creation while providing access to health care, education, and other critical services. True public-private partnerships are built on shared vision and mutual trust. Our job is to be fair, reliable, and consistent partners.    Thanks to Congress, Rural Development is a uniquely structured agency with resources to encourage and support successful systems that are already at work in communities or to help develop those that are desperately needed.    In the time I have been with USDA, I have witnessed rural resiliency on a very personal level. I watched the town of Floresville, Texas turn out in force to launch their improved water treatment system.    I visited the Peoples Rural Telephone Cooperative in Jackson County, Kentucky, which built a state-of-the-art network that offers isolated rural residents the same educational and cultural opportunities available to residents in urban areas.    I toured a manufacturer in Brundige, Alabama that is expanding its business with support from Rural Development. Each of these investments made in rural communities is an investment in our country's future.    I am a passionate advocate for tapping the potential of rural areas; so the communities located in every holler, hilltop, plain, and prairie are part of America's story of growth and prosperity.    I look forward to working with you in the coming months to ensure continued support for rural development, and I very much appreciate the opportunity to testify, and I am happy to answer your questions.    Ms. Mensah. I am going to ask Administrator McBride to speak to the survey, and while neither of us were in these spots at the time of the stimulus, I do want to say we are very proud of the stimulus dollars that reached and helped build our broadband work.    The Chairman. Okay. Brandon.    Ms. Mensah. I am going to ask Administrator Hernandez to speak to all aspects of our Community Facilities because we have both direct and guaranteed programs.    Ms. Mensah. Thank you, Congresswoman Fudge. This farm bill was very good to us, and we started this year very strong. We had strong performance in all three of our portfolios, our housing, our utilities, and our business loans.    But probably the thing I have talked the most about since I got to USDA is our people and our core programs. As long as those two things stay strong, we have nearly 5,000 people that work for us; my biggest hope is that we can retain all of those jobs and keep those people productive because they are the ones that will allow our core programs to move forward. It is a powerful staff. It is a field-based staff, and I am most concerned that we are able to keep our people and our core programs strong.    Ms. Mensah. Absolutely. Thank you.    Ms. Mensah. Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food is a way we talk about the entire local food economy. It is about getting more for your food dollar. In the example in my written testimony we had a veteran that was growing microgreens, what you can grow and what you can make on microgreens, even when you are beginning farmer, exceeds trying to be a row crop farmer when you are starting out.    What we have seen is in our agency is that in our core programs, our programs like our Community Facilities, our programs such as our Business and Industry Loans, we are able and are Value-Added Producer Grant, all those things that were renewed in the farm bill, that allows us to strengthen this what we call the local food.    So many Americans want to eat locally and buy locally, and they are willing to pay a little more. And this is an opportunity to strengthen the whole economy around. It is not just a little thing. I love the program. I tour and see the kind of food hubs, the storage facilities we have been able to build with our Community Facilities dollars, so it is really an important wedge into the rural economy and to renewing that.    Ms. Mensah. Sure. Thank you, Congressman. I would like to return to the Communities Facilities Program and tell you about a recent hospital construction that I saw in North Dakota, and in this case our private partner was a banking partner to do the construction piece of the financing, and then we would come later and take on a kind of risk that is very long-term tenor of a loan; for those of you who have been in finance, 40 year money. And that kind of partnership where a private bank often comes in first, does the interim financing, and then we come in later, that allows a lower income community, in this case for a kind of facility that cash is modest, if we can stretch out the tenor of that loan to 40 years, we have everybody in their best box, and so I would speak to that as one kind of partnership where we are in partnership with the private financial sector.    Ms. Mensah. I think it would be appropriate for us to come back to because we have partnerships in our utility work, with our housing work, and with our business work. But what is important here is that in many cases we do have credit elsewhere tests where we have to be the sole source. We are asked not to compete directly, perhaps though if I could just ask for an example from Administrator Rikker's portfolio in some of our business and industry programs where we are explicitly taking not a full guarantee of the loan and where the bank is making the loan.    Ms. Mensah. I share the frustration with you because I have to answer questions about why are you championing rural America? Just give folks bus tickets. Let people leave. Why are you trying to make something happen? I so disagree with that. What I see is that the 15 percent of America's population that lives in rural areas, they understand why they are there. They would love their communities to thrive. And we as Americans need rural areas to thrive.    My father comes from Ghana, and in that country when you don't invest in rural, the whole country suffers. And I believe that that is part of our job here in Rural Development, to make the case. Many of the communities that I know you and I know, are absolutely beautiful places to live. When we can bring the broadband, the housing, the businesses, they will thrive, and they will help us all thrive. So I love being on the message of thriving. And I am familiar with your map. I wouldn't like it at all.    Ms. Mensah. Okay. I am going to ask Administrator McBride to speak to that. If I can just say that this is the thing I hear the most. What 80 years ago was the telephone and its importance; today it is broadband, and we are not giving up on those communities.    Ms. Mensah. Thank you for your question. My focus on core programs and on our people is exactly the way we are going to get to our poorest areas, to what I like to call our last mile, the unfinished work.    Our core programs like our Community Facilities are the kinds of programs that can be used for a school, for a hospital, for a police station. Those are the things I have toured. And our investments that you have enabled us to make in our staff allow us to keep people local so that they can reach places. They understand. They live in those communities themselves, our own team.    So the two areas, core and our people, really has allowed us to focus to get that kind of core development and not just skim the surface but to go deeper.    Ms. Mensah. Let me ask my colleagues to give a couple of examples. But let me start by saying, direct lending, that is our toughest when we take on all the underwriting responsibilities, and whether that is in our housing program or the way we run our water program or the way we underwrite a business loan.    We have actually had some great successes in the way we have reduced workload, and I want to ask Administrator Hernandez to speak to the way we changed processes in our guaranteed housing program. That is our biggest program. We will nearly do $20 billion of guarantees this year, and we have been able to streamline that efficiently and really change the workload. Can you speak to that.    Ms. Mensah. Thank you, Congresswoman Adams, and I will ask Administrator Rikkers to speak to this. As someone who has worked with Community Development Financial Institutions for most of my professional life, we certainly understand their importance. They work with us in other parts of the program, perhaps not in the B&I program. Administrator Rikkers, are you familiar with a case of----    Ms. Mensah. Thank you, Congressman.    My first trip as Under Secretary was to your state. And what I saw that our agency is in a special place to do is that we are on the ground with the kind of citizens who are trying to borrow from us. Most of our programs are loan programs. And so our team--we have state offices, area offices--are able to sit with the people who come to us for water loans, for broadband loans, for community facilities. And while the applications can be long, we don't just leave people alone. We are able to work with them. I was able to announce one of our intermediary relending programs, where we are lending to an intermediary who then is making a grant to an intermediary who then makes more loans. So we try hard to be in a position that is forward looking to work with the local borrowers.    I am appreciative of everything this Committee has done to invest in our core programs and in our people to do that job.    Ms. Mensah. Thank you so much, Congressman, for raising the importance of broadband, but also asking what we are doing to keep the public aware of the kind of partnerships we are working on.    So much involves lender outreach for us--how we talk to our lending partners, how we reintroduce programs. This, again, has been such a strong year for us because of the authorities in the new farm bill.    I would like to ask Administrator Rikkers to speak more to some of the new outreach that we have pushed, particularly around some of our newer facilities, our REAP facilities, our renewed B&I, where we do ask people to come in, put their own skin in the game, yes, get our guarantee, but they are on the hook too.    Ms. Mensah. Things have changed.    Again, Mr. McBride, please speak to the Census change in our water program.    Ms. Mensah. Thank you. I will let Administrator McBride speak to the collaboration between Commerce and USDA.    I will say that there are times when our regulations prevent us from going to a community that is of a certain size. And then that collaboration is even more important because we can cover a broader swath of the country.    Ms. Mensah. Thank you for both questions. We tend to, as you know, we are always looking for ways to continue to do our work in the most efficient way possible. And your former area of Rural Business--Cooperative Service is so important to us, both in the way it handles its business in cooperative loans and the way it handles the new energy work and our renewed focus on community economic development.    And I will let Administrator Rikkers speak to that and to your concern also with Value-Added Producer Grants, one of my favorite programs because of what it is able to do in unlocking more potential. I think it is thriving.    If you could say a little more, Administrator Rikkers.    Ms. Mensah. Congressman, thank you for your clear passion for where wealth comes from, wealth from the land, and your passion for your producers.    I do not have a role in the waters of the U.S. rule. But what I can tell you is that Rural Development has been standing by the small communities, the producers, the people that need broadband, that need housing, that need businesses, and that is really our role, and I look forward to seeing that continue.