    Ms. Dieck. Thank you.    Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the subcommittee, good afternoon. My name is Elizabeth Dieck, and I am here today in my capacity as secretary/treasurer of ECOS, whose members are the leaders of the state and territorial environmental protection agencies. I serve as the director of environmental affairs for the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control.    I appreciate the opportunity to share with you the states' views on the progress of cleanup of contaminated Federal facilities and what solutions may help address the related challenges.    ECOS commends the subcommittee for holding these hearings on the state of Federal facility cleanups in our Nation. Your attention to these sites is relevant to nearly every state and territory in our Nation where contaminated sites exist on lands managed by Federal agencies such as the U.S. Department of Defense, Department of Energy, Department of Agriculture, and the Department of the Interior.    Your oversight of these cleanups, the resources being devoted to them, and the legislative actions that can be taken to advance cleanup progress is critical, as all Americans have a collective interest in seeing the hundreds of millions of dollars we allocate to these sites annually yield the most effective results.    State environmental regulators are involved in every stage of the cleanup process, from identifying and reporting sites to staffing and overseeing cleanup efforts. We are on the front lines of answering questions from our citizens about the risks these sites may pose to their health and welfare, the scope of the contamination, the status of the cleanup progress, and the management of waste streams from building debris to more hazardous waste.    We share with you and our Federal partners a priority interest in responding to these complex sites as expeditiously as possible and, when we can, returning them to productive use.    I would first like to highlight for you where states have seen an improvement by Federal agencies in site remediation progress and in maintaining communication with us during the remediation process. This progress is due not only to thoughtful process improvements within the agencies but also in response to your oversight and legislation which passed the House last Congress and a series of GAO reports calling into question whether the Federal Government is moving expeditiously and with sufficient resources to achieve the needed results at these sites.    It is important to know that the creation of state-Federal groups has allowed states and DOD to work towards mutually acceptable cleanup solutions. In addition to these DOD sites, states have played a major role, working with DOE, in the cleanup of heavily contaminated sites affected by the nuclear weapons complex. States work closely with DOE and U.S. EPA to eliminate risks posed by these sites and oversee the cleanup of sites within the complex through Federal facility agreements, permits, and consent orders.    Collaboration between the states and Federal agencies has resulted in significant financial savings from reduced future maintenance costs that can be put towards further cleanup of sites within the complex.    ECOS commends Federal agencies on progress. However, we are concerned that there are instances where the interests of the states are not being considered as thoughtfully as needed. We have three overarching concerns.    First, the state voice in cleanup decision-making should be further strengthened.    Where States have clear regulatory and enforcement authority under legislation, much progress has been made at DOD and DOE sites across the Nation, as Mr. Whitney and Mr. Conger have testified this past week. States are concerned, however, that assertions of sovereign immunity and CERCLA-led agency authority under Executive Order 12580 by Federal agencies have led to inappropriate or inconsistent interpretations of state law and have not supported cleanup to the same standards as private parties. This hampers states' abilities to oversee effective cleanup efforts and be accountable to their citizens.    We encourage Congress to implement legislation that will acknowledge state authority and regulatory responsibility for oversight of removal and cleanup actions at current and formerly owned or operated Federal facilities and fully recognize states' regulatory roles at Federal facilities. There is no reason for Federal agency environmental cleanup activities to be subject to less oversight than private parties.    Secondly, states frequently see the Federal agencies unilaterally changing site cleanup schedules and goals, pushing ultimate completion out by years and sometimes decades and compromising the sites' ultimate usability. Federal agencies effectively change cleanup schedules by failing to seek or allocate sufficient funding for their cleanup commitments.    When a Federal agency unilaterally changes the terms of a cleanup by extending a deadline or changing other goals, the trust-based relationship breaks down, and it can lead to tension, and then it can lead to costly litigation, and that takes away from cleanup efforts. Federal agencies should consult meaningfully with states before seeking to change schedules or cleanup goals.    Third, we are concerned that the available budget determines the remedial approach at some sites, meaning we may not be implementing the most effective and appropriate cleanup approach at a given site. Due to the complexity of the contamination of these sites and the proximity of many of them to communities, states recommend that Federal agencies, in consultation with the states, determine the most appropriate remedy and then work together to pursue sufficient and stable funding solutions to implement that remedy. Transparent statements about the actual funding necessary to achieve results are imperative.    Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, I hope that my testimony today sheds some light both on the progress that has been made as well as additional areas that are in need of attention in the area of Federal facilities. I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Ms. Dieck. I would have to say there is a conflict. If you have the Federal agency that has created the contamination is responsible for the cleanup and is also responsible for selecting the remedial action, that is an inherent conflict.    It has to be something that is coordinated clearly with the states so that our voice is heard and so that there is an understanding of what the appropriate remedial action would be so that the land can be protected and the proper protective measures are in place.    Ms. Dieck. Sure.    Assertion of sovereign immunity or lead agency authority enables Federal agencies to bypass or partially meet state requirements that normally would apply to private parties. For example, if the lead agency does not deem that a state requirement is applicable, relevant, or appropriate, then that agency does not have to meet that particular requirement. So that is problematic.    Ms. Dieck. Certainly that would be the case for sites on the NPL list. And, generally, the way they are reading it with the Executive Order 12580 and the language in CERCLA, that is the way that it is being applied, and that is problematic.    Ms. Dieck. Sure.    I would start by saying we do have a collaborative--a strong working relationship with DOE, and we have seen some tremendous successes at SRS. I think that the problems arise when, as I think I mentioned earlier in my testimony, there can be unilateral decisions that are made with regard to milestones, with regard to funding, that create a tension and make it difficult for the states to have that trust relationship.    And so, while good things are happening, we have been able to achieve a lot, specifically at SRS, I think that we could do better.    Ms. Dieck. I would echo what these folks have said. It is critical to have significant communication outreach efforts in place when you are dealing with contaminated sites in any area of your state. To have the education, the outreach, the understanding of what the contamination is, the status of the cleanup, what the implications are is critical. And you find that, with that collaborative approach, you can really see tremendous benefit.    Ms. Dieck. Well, very briefly, when Federal agencies--they don't always ask for the money that they need to meet the commitments that have been made to the states. And that becomes very problematic. That is why transparency is critical.    We work with Federal agencies to come up with a plan that has certain goals and milestones put in place, and when we miss those goals, it can have economic impacts. If we don't have the land returned to productive use, it is problematic.    So it is critical that we have reliable funding that we can count on.    Ms. Dieck. I have to say, I know some things about it, but I would like to refrain from commenting on that.