    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Postmaster General Brennan, last October the U.S. Postal Inspection Service issued a release about mail theft. And it says that these crimes are increasing and that mail theft from collection boxes and customers' mailboxes is a big problem. It also said in most cases of mail theft from centralized mailbox units involved counterfeit master keys.    So two questions for you. One is when you talk about right-sizing, are you reducing U.S. Postal Inspection Service members at all, and does that have an effect on mail theft? And second, as you move to more and more cluster boxes, doesn't that also increase mail theft because you just need one master key and then you have access to a whole lot of mailboxes?    Mr. Lieu. Thank you. I would appreciate that.    Mr. Lieu. Second, in terms of trying to raise revenue, what is your view of postal banking as a way to generate revenue and also serve communities that may not be served as well by banks or may not have a trust of private banks but may trust the post office?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. We have had a number of difficulties with service in my district, so the first point I want to make is when we contact your office, they have been enormously responsive and they are able to help cases. About 97 percent of cases get resolved. The problem is we continue to get more and more cases, and now it looks like it is a systemic issue in western L.A. County. A councilmember in west L.A., his office had not gotten any mail for an entire week. We just checked again, and even when they get mail, it is sort of spotty, so this past Monday and Tuesday they are not getting any mail. We get complaints from Santa Monica and Redondo Beach.    In the city of Beverly Hills it got so bad that the local newspaper did an entire series on it. So last August, for example, they printed a story saying, ``residents agree, Beverly Hills post office fails to deliver.'' Last September, ``post office acknowledges crisis and meeting at Congressman Lieu's office.'' Last December, ``Beverly Hills post office issues continue.'' And then this January from Beverly Hills Courier, ``Beverly Hills post office ends year with more customer woes.''    And with the indulgence of the chair, if I could submit these for the record.    Mr. Lieu. Thank you.    I would just like your commitment that you will work with our office to look into these issues. I am elevating it because you happen to be here, but also, we have tried with the local folks on numerous occasions. And what will solve individual cases, systemically, they just keep on coming in. I think there needs to be a systemic fix.    Mr. Lieu. All right. Thank you. And then my last point, one of my colleagues said that the Postal Service should be run more like a business. You don't actually set the rates for your products, correct?    Mr. Lieu. Right. And in fact, if you actually set your products at market rates, you would be getting a lot more revenue. Isn't that correct? Potentially?    Mr. Lieu. My view is if people want the Postal Service to run like a business, they need to give it tools to make it run like a business. Otherwise, they should stop saying that. I yield back.