    Mr. Thorn. Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee, my name is Craig Thorn, and I am a Partner in the firm DTB Associates. Our firm represents a number of companies and trade associations in the agricultural sector. But I am here today in a personal capacity to present the results of a recent DTB study of agricultural subsidies in certain advanced developing countries.    Our study was prompted by trade problems our U.S. clients are encountering in world markets. For example, low-priced Turkish wheat flour displacing U.S. wheat exports in Asian markets and increased competition from exports of corn, rice, and wheat from Brazil. In investigating those issues, we learned that a number of large developing countries had significantly increased their support to farmers.    The run-up in subsidies began about a decade ago and has continued unabated. Support in the countries we examined is now higher than in most developed countries. I think you all have an old-fashioned handout that we distributed.    The first table in that handout shows support prices for wheat, corn, and rice compared with U.S. reference prices under the Price Loss Coverage Program. As you can see, support price levels are in most cases significantly higher in the five developing countries. But this comparison is actually unfair to the United States. The prices listed for the developing countries act as floor prices in the domestic market and incentive prices to the producer. Their governments use policy instruments such as government purchases and export subsidies to ensure that prices do not fall below the support level.    By contrast, as you know, reference prices in the United States trigger payments to producers linked to a fixed payment base. The PLC program is less production distorting because a producer is not required to plant a specific crop in order to receive payments and cannot increase payments by increasing production.    All five countries offer other forms of support as well such as input and credit subsidies and commodity-specific direct payments. Of course, the United States also has other programs, but the overall level of support for the products we covered was significantly higher in four of the five countries than in the United States. The exception is Brazil where the level of support is comparable.    These policies have a global impact. They have stimulated production, displaced imports and, in many cases, increased exports. For example, Indian rice exports have more than doubled since 2005 from 4.3 to 10 million metric tons. And China now requires importers of corn, wheat, and rice to purchase an equivalent quantity for domestic stocks.    The second table in the handout shows in the second column from the right our calculation of the level of support using the methodology specified in the WTO Agreement on Agriculture. We show a range in some cases because of methodological issues that we explain in our paper. The last column shows the support limit these countries accepted at the end of the Uruguay Round or when they joined the WTO. As you can see, they are all in violation of their obligations, in most cases by a large margin. Keep in mind that our study looks only at wheat, corn, and rice and in one case, sugar. Since all five countries have support programs for other commodities, our estimates of total AMS are almost certainly lower than the actual figures.    These issues are important to American farmers for obvious reasons. Subsidies in advanced developing countries are distorting world markets. The United States, the biggest agricultural exporter in the world, suffers most from these distortions. WTO members are currently discussing in Geneva a new work plan for negotiations on agriculture. American farmers would certainly benefit from a new WTO agreement that included additional disciplines on agricultural subsidies. However, some of the same countries that we cover in our report are insisting on a negotiating text that would require changes in U.S. policies but would do nothing to tighten the rules that apply to them. At the same time, India is arguing for rule changes that would significantly weaken those disciplines.    U.S. officials have been working to shine the light on these issues in Geneva. Unfortunately, there is no indication that advanced developing countries are ready to acknowledge the facts. In my opinion, it would be extremely foolish for the U.S. to agree to restart the negotiations until we have a plan to enforce existing rules and are convinced that any new disciplines would be targeted at the policies that are most responsible for current distortions.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Thorn. Sure. Thank you. Well, that has been a problem. One of the reasons that these issues haven't gotten more attention in Geneva is because countries have been delinquent in reporting changes in their subsidy programs. And then even more importantly, when they have submitted notifications, the required notifications, they have used methodologies that understate the level of support, misrepresent the level of support. And the most common methodological problem that we see in these notifications is that when they are calculating the level of support resulting from price support policies, they would normally be required under the WTO methodology to use in the calculation 100 percent of production. They are using instead just quantities purchased under the government program.    You don't have to know very much about price programs to know that the support really benefits all producers. It benefits every ton, it doesn't only affect the tonnage purchased.    And so when they do the calculations using quantities purchased, you get a much lower number than you would if they used the proper methodology.    Let me add though that I don't think that the problem, especially the problems with delays in reporting, needs to affect our handling of the issues because the data are available. There is no reason for us to wait for countries to report their subsidies before we take action.    The Chairman. On the methodology issue, is it something for which the WTO should establish a standard methodology that everybody would have to comply with to avoid these kind of cooking-the-books kind of things?    Mr. Thorn. I think the WTO already has established a standard methodology, and it is contained in the Agriculture Agreement. That agreement has actually been interpreted in a couple of dispute settlement cases. The United States, if we were to challenge the calculations that countries have notified, would stand on very firm ground. The methodology that we used in the calculations we did in our paper is the same methodology the United States has used in all of its notifications to calculate.    The Chairman. So in terms of us evaluating whether or not somebody is violating the rules, just simply the way they come about their number, we can challenge that if we so choose?    Mr. Thorn. Absolutely.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Peterson, 5 minutes.    Mr. Thorn. I will take that one. The short answer is no. There hasn't been a challenge.    Mr. Thorn. Well, I guess various reasons. For one thing, this is a relatively new phenomenon. It has really been only in the past few years that we have started noticing the effects of this run-up in subsidies. Also, normally you don't jump right into a dispute settlement case. The Administration is raising the issue in Geneva, especially in the context of the discussion of the relaunching of the Doha Round negotiations.    Eventually though I do believe that it will be necessary to go to dispute settlement. You try to avoid that whenever you can, but if you assume that these countries aren't going to change their policies on their own, you probably have to be willing to take that step and go to dispute settlement.    Mr. Thorn. I will defer to Dr. Hudson on that one.    Mr. Thorn. I would agree that I do not think the United States is vulnerable to a challenge on soybeans or corn right now. I think the Brazilians are much more vulnerable than the United States is.    Mr. Thorn. Okay. Yes, I will kick it off. In the specific case of India, that is a very clear case of the effects of currency manipulation on a very specific aspect of WTO disciplines. India fixed its reference price that it used in the calculation of its aggregate measure of support at the end of the Uruguay Round based on the exchange rate between the Rupee and the dollar that existed back in the period 1986 to 1988. At that time, the Rupee was not convertible. It was a government-mandated exchange rate.    When they later started moving toward convertibility and submitted their first notifications to WTO, they converted that reference price into dollars. They used the old exchange rate, which meant that their reference prices were more than double the reference prices that you saw from most other countries. The practical effect of that is that it reduced the level of support from their price support policies when they do their calculations. It is clear that they didn't have the right to make that conversion to dollars and that we could challenge if we were taking a case, for example, against India for violating its AMS obligations, I think we could successfully challenge that conversion at a distorted exchange rate.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. I see. Dr. Hudson, your thoughts on that?    Mr. Thorn. In my opinion, these issues are best dealt with in the multi-lateral financial institutions, like the IMF, not the WTO. I think the WTO has a specific focus, and it would be very difficult to negotiate disciplines on exchange rates in     Mr. David Scott of Georgia. And are you satisfied that the IMF is moving forward on this issue of currency manipulation aggressively enough?    Mr. Thorn. I think it requires more effort.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Dr. Hudson?    Mr. Thorn. In general, I would agree. I do believe that if we were able to get rid of all of these policies, you would see production fall, especially in countries like China and India. I think the reduction would be substantial, especially in China. And then in the long run, you would see higher and more stable world prices which would benefit you as producers.    Mr. Thorn. Absolutely.    Mr. Thorn. Okay. In WTO, crop insurance is counted as a part of the aggregate measure of support calculation. That is the subsidies to crop insurance premiums. And the United States reports those subsidies as product-specific support, even counting those subsidies, our level of support is significantly below the level that we have calculated for these other countries.    Mr. Thorn. Yes.    Mr. Thorn. I am sorry. I don't know that.    Mr. Thorn. Yes. As a matter of fact, the United States just submitted a new notification to WTO covering the 2012 marketing year, and in that notification they broke out on a commodity-by-commodity basis crop insurance subsidies. So if I had that in front of me, I could answer your question.    Mr. Thorn. Well, yes. As your question implies, we are dealing with two separate issues here. The issues that we raise in our paper mostly have to do with enforcement of current commitments. And that is going to require some work, getting countries to live up to their current commitments. And it may take a settlement case. If we do take a case, I am absolutely confident that we have a very strong one and that we would win.    And the United States, by the way, has very good record in cases that we have taken to WTO. The other question is what do you do for the long run? How do we tighten disciplines further? That is an issue for a new round of negotiations if those negotiations ever get started again. And in that case, what we need to do, as Congressman Peterson implied, throw away the text that is currently on the table, get a new start, focus on distortions that we see in the current market.    Mr. Thorn. Yes. I do think it is true. It is accurate to say that we have the data now. We do know what is going on. It is not a secret. And it is clear that they are well-beyond their de minimis threshold and therefore in violation of their obligations.    The question at this point in my mind is just what you do about it. And----    Mr. Thorn. Right. Exactly. Well, this issue is getting a lot of attention at USTR, and I don't know when they are going to come to a decision about where to handle it. They are raising it bilaterally. I know that is the case. They are also raising these issues in forms like the Agriculture Committee in Geneva that oversees the implementation of the Agriculture Agreement. They raised just yesterday Indian subsidies in the trade policy review that was going on, the review of Indian Trade Policy in Geneva. This issue was given prominent attention. Those can be seen maybe as precursors to the filing of a dispute settlement complaint. But I don't know how close they are to making the decision to file such a complaint.    Mr. Thorn. It varies. It can take a long time. In my opinion, this case is not particularly technically complex. We have the data. We know what the methodology is. So my guess is that from beginning to end, if it were to run the full course, you are talking about a couple of years.    Mr. Thorn. Well, when you get to the end of the dispute settlement process, there is a ruling from the dispute settlement panel and then normally also the appellate body. If the judgment is against the defending country, they will order them to come into compliance with their obligations. And if they don't, then the ultimate sanction is withdrawal of concessions by the complaining party which would mean if the defendant, for example, were China, that the United States would be allowed to raise import duties against Chinese products. And since this is a big case involving real money, that would probably be a pretty substantial threat.    And so that is the ultimate leverage you have at the end of the end. It puts a lot of pressure on countries to make the adjustments that they need in order to come into conformity with their obligations.    Mr. Thorn. Do you want me to grab that one?    Mr. Thorn. Well, it is a good question because it is true that China could probably not support that sort of high, internal domestic price if they didn't have border restrictions. We have China coming out of the WTO accession negotiations implemented a tariff rate quota for corn. All right? Forget the quantity, but it is fairly small in terms of domestic production and imports beyond that tariff rate quota quantity face a prohibitive import tariff.    In addition, China has actually messed around a bit with the way they administer that tariff quota. So it has been--and also they have given us problems on biotechnology, so for various reasons it has been difficult to export corn to that market.    And so they have been able to implement this support price policy. They are finally now reaching the point where it's getting away from them. Last year they had to purchase over 60 million tons of corn to maintain the domestic price of the support level. And so they are actually considering changes in policy because even with their high import protection, they are having a difficult time maintaining that support price.    Mr. Thorn. They haven't exported corn for the last few years. You don't have to go back very far, though, to see some fairly substantial subsidized corn exports. They were exporting at that time mainly to Korea.    Mr. Thorn. That was affecting U.S. access to that market.    Mr. Thorn. Yes.    Mr. Thorn. I don't know if I can give you all the details, but I do know that the restrictions they have, typical of some of the bogus SPS restrictions that you see in markets around the world. The two restrictions that I am familiar with in South Africa have to do with Trichinae and PERS.    Mr. Thorn. And in both cases, South Africa has restrictions in place that can't be justified on the basis of science. Trichinae is----    Mr. Thorn. And I know that there are ongoing negotiations to get the South African Government to adopt more science-based import policies. And these are policies that have been adopted by our trading partners around the world. Trichinae ceased to be an issue of food safety concern in the U.S. at this point.    Mr. Thorn. Right.    Mr. Thorn. Exactly.    Mr. Thorn. Well, I think that on a certain level the interest is genuine. But, we should be very skeptical, too. China, for years now, has had a stated policy of maintaining self-sufficiency for rice, corn and wheat. And they have done their best to do that by using subsidies and by using import restrictions. I think that we are in the position of sort of taking crumbs from the table in cases where domestic production doesn't meet domestic demand. Then they will be happy to import, and because of the size of the market, those imports might, in some years, be quite substantial. But I don't see any indication that they have changed their policy. They continue to work to maintain self-sufficiency. And until they change that policy, I don't think we are going to have the access to that market that we are rightfully entitled to under WTO rules.    Mr. Thorn. Absolutely, and you can list them. I mentioned earlier that problems that we have had with the way that they administer their tariff rate quota, and I won't get into the details of that. They also--and this is something I mentioned in my oral testimony--they have recently, just in the last 6 months, implemented requirements for rice, corn, and wheat that importers make purchases. If you are importing a ton of rice, you have to purchase a ton from domestic stocks. And that makes import significantly less competitive. That is a blatant violation of WTO rules, and they are--    Mr. Thorn. I only add that I don't think we need to assume at this point that the decision has been made not to take a case. I do believe that USTR is seriously considering the possibility of taking a case. They are looking at trying to address the issues without having to go to dispute settlement, but they haven't dismissed that as a possibility. There may come a time when we decide that it is necessary to give them a bit of a shove. Congress is always effective in doing that.    Mr. Thorn. Yes, I will do that, and I will try to make it simple because they have a lot of programs, and some of them are quite complicated. But the principal method of support for especially producers of rice, corn, and wheat in Brazil, there are two programs, one called PEP (Program for Product Flow (Premio para Escoamento do Produto)) and the other called PEPRO (Equalizing Premium Paid to Growers (Premio Equalizador Pago ao Produtor, PEPRO)). And they are basically export subsidies. In years where Brazil has surplus production in the main producing regions and prices threaten to fall below the support level, the Brazilian Government opens a tender normally under one of these programs. And then companies bid under that tender for specific amounts, and then they take possession of the commodity and export the commodity. When they present proof of export, then they receive a payment, and that payment is the difference between the price that they received and the support price. And so as we have discussed previously, that program meets the definition of an export subsidy under the WTO agreement. I am confident of that. It resembles in a lot of ways the Step 2 Program that was a problem in the cotton case, and Brazil also uses credit subsidies and does direct government purchases in some cases. But it is really the PEP and PEPRO programs that are the most vulnerable the WTO challenge.    Mr. Thorn. Yes. I think the concern springs from the TPP negotiations that we are engaged in right now, and it is true that there is a possibility that those negotiations could result in a significant reduction in U.S. import restrictions on dairy products and that could lead to an increase in imports from countries like New Zealand and Australia, by the way.    At the same time, though, there are a couple of countries that are also involved in the negotiations that are potentially significant export markets. I am talking about Japan and Canada. I think the judgment of a lot of people in the dairy industry is that if we get a TPP agreement, that substantially opens up the market for dairy products in those countries. It will take away a lot of the sting from the lowering of U.S. import barriers. The situation would be pretty difficult if the U.S. lowered its barriers and didn't get a good market access agreement from the other two countries. I think in the context of a big market access agreement that involves all of the main participants, we can probably survive pretty easily, the liberalization of U.S. market access.    Mr. Thorn. Yes.    Ms. Kuster.--in Canada with those markets and Japan as well if you would like to comment.    Mr. Thorn. That is very hard to predict because we are at a stage in the negotiations where they are holding very closely the information on the market access offers. I don't know. I am not privy to that, to the offers that have been made. I think it is still the case that Canada has offered nothing. They are holding back for I don't know what. The negotiations with Japan are in their latter stages, although they are still talking about improvements in market access for dairy. Canada has not yet offered anything at all. That is probably going to be an end-of-the-day issue for them. But what I expect the final agreement might involve is some sort of tariff rate quota with the substantial quantity of access for the U.S. and other TPP members. But it is hard to characterize what it might be because we just haven't seen anything from them, ma'am.    Mr. Thorn. Okay. Very good question. That is the way we should be thinking right now because clearly what we are doing has not had an effect yet. So we need to figure out what we can do to improve the situation. One of the things that we have been doing that we shouldn't do in the future in my opinion is wait for countries to submit their data. Countries do have that obligation, but the obligation doesn't really have teeth. We can only shame them into making the submissions. That has worked a little bit in recent months. I have seen some updating. But as I said before, even when we get those notifications, often the methodology that is used for calculating the subsidy level is not the proper methodology. So we don't really learn much in the end of the day anyway.    I think that what we need to do--there is no reason why we can't for example make a counter notification ourselves. It is not hard to get the data. We didn't have trouble getting the data that we needed to make the calculations in our paper. We found most of it as a matter of fact out of USDA reports from FAS Office in the embassies around the world. And the reporting was very good. We didn't have to dig much further than that. There's no reason in the world why the U.S. has to wait for countries to make their submissions before we have the discussion in Geneva. And then eventually if we put the data on the table and countries still aren't willing to acknowledge the facts, then you might have to take the next step and take them to dispute settlement.    Mr. Thorn. I would agree, yes. I said in my testimony that I do believe that U.S. agriculture would benefit from a new agreement that contained additional disciplines because, as the largest exporter in the world, the less distorted the market, the world market, the better for us.    I am not sure it is possible to get that sort of an agreement. WTO is really the only place you can negotiate disciplines on subsidies, and the WTO negotiating function just isn't working very well right now. I hope that we find a way to make it work. When we do and we need it, it would be good to get negotiation that really focuses on the current distortions we are seeing in the marketplace, and I do think we could make some improvements that lower subsidy levels and reduce distortions still further.    Mr. Thorn. Well, it is true that our system is more open than most. And so in some ways it is easier to enforce disciplines against the United States.    Mr. Thorn. Yes, except we have found out in doing our research that it isn't difficult to get a look at the cards that other countries have as well, that the data are available. But to answer the first part of your question, I do believe that if we were effectively enforcing current disciplines that would have something resembling a level playing field.    Mr. Thorn. Well, I would say that specialty crops are certainly becoming a more important component of U.S. agricultural exports. When I began my career, I worked on European issues. It was all about soybeans. We were exporting--it was soybeans and then a big gap and then a few other products that we were exporting to Europe. Now the largest export crop for the U.S. to Europe is almonds. And we have seen maybe not such a dramatic shift in other markets, but specialty crops are important export crops for the United States.    And trade agreements are important for market access for specialty crops. We still have to deal with tariffs in a number of important markets for different specialty crops. And in some cases, the tariffs for those products are higher than the tariffs for basic commodities. And also, sanitary and phytosanitary barriers are--or I should say phytosanitary barriers are prominent import restrictions.    For me, one of the best illustrations of the value of trade agreements is the WTO agreement on sanitary and phytosanitary measures because that agreement, first of all, as international agreements go, it is pretty clear. It sets a pretty clear standard and it is a standard that has proved pretty durable. And it has been extremely valuable to have that standard in bilateral negotiations with our trading partners, and then when we have hit an intractable problem, it has been an agreement that is enforceable through dispute settlement. And I think that we ought to look in the future to improving on that agreement in our trade agreements.    Mr. Thorn. Right.    Mr. Thorn. Well, yes. Let me just give you an example. I am looking at China's AMS, aggregate measure of support, for corn and aggregate measure of support is the WTO methodology for determining how much support is offered on a commodity-by-commodity basis. I am just eyeballing the figures here. It looks like our calculation for China puts support at about 80 percent of value production.    Mr. Thorn. Okay. Well, I am a big fan of the TPP negotiations. Of course, we will have to decide at the end of the--I think it is a good idea, a good concept. I hope that we get an adequate market access outcome so that everybody can support it. I am a little bit worried about what we are hearing about that the Japanese offer on rice and other exceptions the countries are demanding.    So for market access, bilateral and plurilateral trade negotiations are a good way to go. When you are talking about subsidy disciplines, really the only game in town is WTO. And so what we have to do is use the instruments that we already have in WTO and make sure that the current commitments are enforced and then maybe get in a position down the road a little bit that we can negotiate a new agreement that will have still tighter disciplines.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Thorn. We have done a little bit of looking at dairy subsidies. The report that was the subject of my testimony here focuses primarily on wheat, corn, and rye so we didn't do a lot of digging on dairy. For a previous report we looked at dairy subsidies in some markets, and they exist. There is no question about it, and a more common form of support for dairy producers is import restrictions. Those are common throughout the world. But the subsidy disciplines are definitely relevant. And I am sure that there are some important enforcement issues for dairy subsidies.    Mr. Thorn. Actually, I think that our trade policy structure in the United States is a very good one. And some countries have taken it for their model when they reorganize the way they handle trade issues. USTR is a very good agency. A lot of talented people. They are very efficient, probably under-resourced, but they are effective. And the interagency process for the most part works well. USDA on agricultural issues is an active participant in that interagency process and helps to set priorities, helps to gather data. There is always room for improvement, but I don't think structural changes are necessary.    Mr. Thorn. Can I add one thing on that? That one potential improvement is one that already has a legislative basis that it was the previous farm bill that mandated the creation of an Under Secretary for Trade in USDA. Once you finally get that Under Secretary for Trade, that will be an improvement because they will get good focus on trade issues at the sub-cabinet level.