    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks to both of the witnesses for being here. We appreciate it.    Mr. Williams. This committee, as you probably know, spends a lot of time discussing taxpayer risk. Whether that is Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, or rural housing programs, Congress has the responsibility at the end the day to make sure that taxpayer risk is minimized or eliminated.    In addition, making sure programs are run efficiently and reach those who most need them is something that I hear from my constituents back in Texas quite a bit.    So my first question to you, Administrator Hernandez, is the Rural Housing Service currently has a portfolio of $120 billion, and a 2012 GAO report entitled, ``Housing Assistance, Opportunities Exist to Increase Collaboration and Consideration Consolidation,'' found that FHA, for example, served a significantly larger number of rural communities than the RHS, as we talked about this morning. Yet, RHS has a much larger workforce serving a smaller population.    So my first question would be, can you tell me how many Federal employees work for RHS?    Mr. Williams. Say it again?    Mr. Williams. Okay. Second, please help me understand how this workforce will change over the next decade, especially as Federal budgets get smaller and smaller?    Mr. Williams. But how are you going to change? You are going to have to change because budgets are going to get smaller.    Mr. Williams. Sometimes, like the private sector, you have to do more with less and give good service.    Mr. Williams. Next question: I know we talked today about how there are more than 330,000 units maturing by the year 2024.    Mr. Williams. I'm sorry?    Mr. Williams. By 2024?    Mr. Williams. Potentially.    Mr. Williams. Owners of these units must decide to move out of this program?    Mr. Williams. So my question is, if fewer and fewer people are in the program but the need is still there, who fills the void? Can the private sector--you talked a little bit about the private sector. I am a private sector guy. I believe the private sector can do almost everything. Okay?    Can the private sector come in and offer a viable option for affordable rural housing, if you come to Congress and ask for help with some ideas?    Mr. Williams. That is why I asked it.    Mr. Williams. That is good. Don't give up on the private sector.    My next question is to you, Director Scire. As we heard in your testimony this morning, housing assistance programs are fragmented across multiple Federal agencies, some 116 in total. In 2011, this Administration announced it was going to begin to examine consolidating homeownership loan programs.    So my question is, in your opinion, would reducing the number of housing assistance programs hurt Americans living in rural areas, or potentially help them by offering more efficiently run programs?    Mr. Williams. So it could potentially be a positive thing?    Mr. Williams. Thank you. I yield back.