    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you and Chairman Royce, the chair of the full----    Mr. Sherman. I want to thank you for having this hearing. I think field hearings are an important part of what our committee does. I remember Chairman Royce and I did a field hearing at the border focused on terrorism issues, and I look forward to our committee doing field hearings, as appropriate. I think almost every Member of Congress here believes that it is best to have such field hearings in Southern California, and at least one member here believes that it is best to hold them in the 39th Congressional District. But only Marie Royce believes that, of the two major campuses in that district, the best place to have it is Cal Poly Pomona.    Mr. Sherman. I yield.    Mr. Sherman. Exactly, which simply demonstrates who the primary decision-maker is. The focus of today's hearing is on land rights in Cambodia and the Philippines. America has an interest in the economic and political development of Southeast Asian countries. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars every year to promote that economic development. It is important for our economy because these are not only current but future trading partners. It is also important from a national security perspective as we work to make sure that not only does Asia have a robust China, but that the nations on China's periphery are also robust as well.    Critical to that economic development is the rule of law. In fact, if you look around the world, those countries with the rule of law are doing well, and those without the rule of law are not. And particularly important is real estate law. However, millions of people in Cambodia and the Philippines must deal with government corruption, outdated laws, inadequate record-keeping, and I look forward to hearing from our panel as to what the United States can do to improve the situation.    As to Cambodia, a nation much smaller than the Philippines, with only 15 million people, in 2001 Cambodia amended its law to allow private ownership of land. They established a framework in which individuals could register land and have their ownership recognized by the Land Management Ministry.    Unfortunately, most Cambodian citizens lack either the knowledge or the means to go through the formal process of land ownership. They are either unable to fill out the necessary paperwork or to pay the required taxes and land fees.    However, since 2001 Cambodian officials have used the land law to seize rural lands and provide them to domestic and foreign businesses, political figures, and in many cases they have done so without the consent of the lands' inhabitants and without the consent of those who may turn out in justice to own the land.    As one opposition Cambodian lawmaker explained in a New York Times op-ed, ``Farmers only become aware of the transactions when the construction companies come in to remove them, bulldozers and security guards in tow.''    As a result, land seizures by the Cambodian Government have displaced 770,000 Cambodians, nearly 6 percent of the nation's population, since the year 2001. This paints a picture very different from most countries in the world. The government has leased almost 5 million acres of rural land, which includes three-fifths of the nation's arable land, to foreign entities.    In response to land corruption, the World Bank suspended new lending to Cambodia in 2011 and called on the Cambodian Government to stop wrongful eviction of civilians, and in 2012 Cambodian officials announced the suspension of land leasing to foreign entities and launched a program in cooperation with Cambodia's Ministry of Land Management to measure land plots and to distribute titles to villagers.    Nearly 500,000 such titles have, in fact, been distributed. This program will prevent the displacement of Cambodians in the future, but it does not solve the problems of Cambodians who have already been displaced from their homes. In fact, the U.N. Human Rights Council has found the Cambodian National Authority for Land Dispute Resolution to be largely ineffective in settling land cases.    I know that one of our witnesses is from USAID. Jonathan, we look forward to your announcement on how we can help provide the rule of law in real estate in Cambodia.    As to the Philippines, as Chairman Royce pointed out, we had a chance to visit the Philippines and discuss the rule of law and economic development with the President of that country and so many others. In 1988 the Philippines passed a comprehensive agrarian reform plan which distributed land to tenant farmers. Though this gives farmers the right to till a certain plot of land, it does not grant farmers ownership of that land. Over half of the land holdings nationwide are still held informally, without official legal title, and 70 percent of the farmers do not own the land they till.    The other major problems with the land claims of the Philippines relate to just basic record-keeping. USAID reported in 2011 that outdated land administration laws and inefficient land administration and adjudication infrastructure and a poor land information system have resulted in problems of fraudulent overlapping and duplication of land titles and widespread land grabbing.    To make matters worse, the Philippines is a nation that often suffers from natural disasters, including typhoons, and that can destroy paper documents in government buildings. According to a recent Oxfam report, typhoons and other natural disasters have destroyed essential land records and has provided an opportunity for landowners, or at least those purporting to be landowners, to evict tenants from land so it can be developed for commercial purposes. Corrupt Filipino bureaucrats and landowners have sold huge parcels to foreign companies to build an airport, a resort town, and a host of other facilities.    U.S. assistance to the Philippines totaled $190 million in 2014. In addition to this, we signed a $334 million U.S. Millennium Challenge compact with the Philippines in 2010, so we have a real interest in economic development in the Philippines. Our money and, more importantly, the efforts of a generation of Filipinos will go for naught unless the rule of law, and particularly the rule of law involving real estate, is adhered to.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. The Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program was enacted in the Philippines in 1988. It had the declared objective of redistributing public and private agricultural lands to farmers and farmworkers who are landless and have perhaps an equitable title of ownership, and it was designed to empower agrarian reform.    Is the CARP legislation still substantially in place today? How is the land distributed in the Philippines among the government, private landowners, tenant farmers, small landowners? How does the government decide which lands are public and which are private?    Mr. Sherman. So the government owns half the land?    Mr. Sherman. I interrupted you and asked a multi-part question.    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Carouso, are there particular large international companies that are benefitting in the Philippines from land seizure? And perhaps you could address Cambodia as well.    Mr. Sherman. Do they then employ the people who had traditionally worked the land as farmworkers, or where do they get their labor?    Mr. Sherman. Does the Cambodian Government allow Chinese farmworkers to work for these companies, or we don't know?    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Stivers, I don't know if you have a comment about that.    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Stivers, what can USAID do to help modernize land title registration in the Philippines?    Mr. Sherman. The Philippines, and even more so Cambodia, are relatively poor countries in Southeast Asia. Are there other countries in Southeast Asia with similar economics that are doing a better job? And if so, why are they able to do a better job of making the rule of law apply to real estate? Are the kinds of problems we have talked about here observed in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, or is this a region-wide problem with developing countries? We have the two examples we focused on here today. Are they far more egregious?    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    Thank you to the distinguished panel. We would like to allow you to go ahead and excuse yourselves from the dais. We would like to seat the second panel and move forward as quickly as we possibly can. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman. Ms. Bautista, the problems for land grabbing in the Philippines, are they widespread throughout the country or focused only in some of the provinces?    Mr. Sherman. Okay.    Mr. Quinto, is there such a thing as title insurance in the Philippines, or basically the system is so chaotic that title insurance companies aren't willing to ensure even a small portion of the title?    Mr. Sherman. Is corruption widespread throughout the judicial and legal system, or is it particularly--what we are seeing here is real estate title, but are you talking about a corrupt judiciary? Is it as corrupt in non-real estate cases, or is real estate a special province of corruption?    Mr. Sherman. Now, the land grabbers, when they get the land, do they then collect rent from tenant farmers who were previously living there? Do they displace those who are living and working the land and bring in other people? Who is physically using the land in these cases? And I realize my question focused more on rural land than urban, but what do the land grabbers physically do with the people who had been using the land?    Mr. Sherman. But who is living on the land? What is the land being used for?    Mr. Sherman. What is on the land? Is somebody farming this land? Are there buildings on the land? How is the land being used at the present time?    Mr. Sherman. So this is urban land that is left unused, it would have great development potential.    Perhaps I can ask Mr. Contreras, the land that you are aware of, is it urban or rural? Is it used, or is it completely unused because of the property dispute?    Mr. Sherman. Democracy in the Philippines doesn't mean anything unless people can vote for a government that is willing to control what happens on the ground.    Mr. Sherman. If you vote for a government that meets in a building and discusses laws that will be ignored, you might as well vote in a beauty contest. The winning side, you call in the phone number and this one or that one will wear the crown, but whoever wears the beauty crown doesn't have any influence on people's lives.    If I had more time I would talk to you about why the government allows this to happen, but I think we have other questioners.