    Mr. Stanislaus. OK. Thank you.    Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, Congressman Pallone, and members of the subcommittee, I am Mathy Stanislaus, Assistant Administrator for the Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response. And, again, thank you for inviting me here to talk about the Superfund program.    Specifically, I want to talk about the Federal facilities component of it, which is the focus of this hearing. The cleanup of Federal facilities is led by the Federal agencies who have delegated authority with properties under their responsibility, with the EPA having a discrete role, which I will get into in a second.    CERCLA section 120 provides a framework for identifying contaminated Federal facility sites, assessing actual or potential environmental risks from these sites, and assuring cleanup and other actions to protect public health and the environment. Under section 120, Federal facilities are required to comply with CERCLA in the same manner and to the same extent, both substantively and procedurally, as private entities.    Section 120 includes provisions and timetables that apply to Federal facilities only, including requiring the EPA to establish a Federal agency hazardous waste docket, requiring completion of a preliminary assessment by a Federal facility after docket listing, requiring a Federal agency to commence a remedial investigation and feasibility study within 6 months of that facility being placed on the National Priorities List, and requiring that the EPA and the Federal facility agency enter into an interagency agreement referred to as a Federal facility agreement at all NPL sites. Also, there are specific provisions that govern the transfer of Federal facilities to private entities.    Under Executive Order 12580, Federal agencies are designated as the lead agency for carrying out many of CERCLA's statutory requirements at their facilities. However, EPA retains the final decision authority over a small subset of these. These are National Priorities List sites. If the Federal agency and department and EPA are unable to reach agreement on the selection of remedial action at these NPL sites, the EPA's Administrator makes the final decision.    The shared responsibility of program implementation under CERCLA has unique challenges for EPA and other Federal agencies but has generally worked effectively. Currently, there are 157 final Federal facility sites on the NPL, and another 17 Federal sites have been deleted from the NPL. Approximately 80 percent of these 174 sites are DOD component sites.    The CERCLA framework has worked effectively for helping to ensure appropriate cleanup for more than 20 years. Moreover, because States are often parties to a Federal facility agreement and State laws and regulations may apply to State site cleanups, States and EPA work together to ensure that the NPL cleanups meet statutory requirements, protective of public health and the environment, and incorporate pertinent State requirements.    The EPA is engaging with other Federal departments and agencies on a range of activities to maintain and accelerate cleanup progress at Federal facilities. For example, we are working collaboratively with DOD on tools for advancing geophysical classification to allow for more accurate and efficient cleanup of munitions sites, a fairly significant issue; improving site-level data quality; and resolving technical issues associated with emerging contaminants.    Ensuring that people have environmental information about their communities is a top priority of my office. In 2010 and 2011 as part of ongoing efforts to enhance community engagement, my office reached out to diverse stakeholders through the Federal Facility Dialogue, as well as the Federal agencies represented here today. What we heard from stakeholders is that there is a need for more transparent and easily accessible information on cleanup progress and long-term protectiveness.    We have begun to move forward on some of these issues. For example, for the past 5 years, the EPA has led an interagency working group to make improvements to the 5-year review process that would force a greater transparency and participation from impacted communities. When wastes are left in place, EPA assesses whether remedies continue to be protective of public health and the environment through a 5-year review. And we are continuing to modernize the Federal Agency Hazardous Waste Compliance Docket and exploring ways to make the program data more accessible to communities and other stakeholders, as required by CERCLA.    In 2012, the EPA, in collaboration with other Federal agencies and departments, completed a Federal facilities site evaluation project. This project evaluated the disposition of 514 federally owned sites that EPA identified as potentially stalled in their progress. Through this process, EPA has been able to make an activity determination on 491 of the 514 sites on this list. Initiatives like this allow EPA to ensure the Federal facility information is up to date and communities have the most pertinent information on that site.    I will close, and look forward to your questions.    Mr. Stanislaus. So all I can really speak about is those sites within our responsibility. So, of those sites within our responsibility, we do have an ability, EPA, to oversee that subset of sites. Those are sites on the National Priorities List. Other sites, we don't have that ability. It has been delegated directly to the other Federal agencies.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, with respect to how the other agencies make that decision, I don't really know. But I can tell you from where EPA is involved in overseeing sites by the various Federal agencies, there is a real value to have independent review of everything from the scope of work and the implementation of the work.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes.    Mr. Stanislaus. I think I should get an honor of some type.    Mr. Stanislaus. I have to get back to you.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, I would say yes. And we have been subject to about a 20-percent cut of our resources to oversee the subset of sites that we have direct responsibility for, so that has, in fact, impeded the pace of work.    Mr. Stanislaus. I would say generally the answer is yes. And I think, as Mr. Conger noted, there are unique issues at the DOD and DOE sites. So, clearly, some technologies would help in some cases.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, I think CERCLA does, in fact, provide for that.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, yes, I could only speak about those that we have direct responsibility for. So we do, in fact, engage the states continuously with respect to their role throughout the process of the investigation, the application of state requirements. So, with respect to those sites, the states play a partnership role.    Mr. Stanislaus. I will get you the exact percentage. It is relatively small, because we only have direct oversight responsibility on those sites that are listed on the National Priorities List, which, as I described earlier, there are lots of other sites under the responsibility of DOD, DOE, and the Department of Interior and Forest Service and----    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, we have not found--from our role in oversight, that has not been an issue, from our perspective, but that is as much as I know.    Mr. Stanislaus. I may have to get back to that. I don't know the answer to that question. Let me get back to you on that.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, again, just within the sliver of sites within our responsibility, we largely have the states as a party to Federal facility agreements so they have equal rights as the EPA. And, at least from where we are involved in Federal facility sites, we view the states as a partner. And I really can't speak to those sites that we don't have a role in.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, I think we have, in fact, done a quantitative analysis of----    Mr. Stanislaus. No, if I can give a broad answer. So we have conducted a remedial investigation that identifies----    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes. So as part of the alternative analysis, we would look at the various alternatives, including that kind of alternative----    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, it would depend on the facts of the particular circumstance. So we evaluate alternatives, be it----    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, I can't say a generalized rule. It would depend----    Mr. Stanislaus. Let me get back to you regarding that. But the whole purpose of the draft feasibility is actually to entertain----    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes, I will get back to you. And I can assure you that we have discussed the science with all the stakeholders. And, in fact, we really appreciate the responsible parties stepping up. From the very beginning of the process, we looked at the scope of the science, conducted the science in an open and inclusive way, and we will continue to do so.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes.    Mr. Stanislaus. Because there was a risk identified by the State of Colorado and the stakeholders that risk be addressed immediately. Roughly about 330 million gallons on a yearly basis was going into the Animas River.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is right.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is right.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is correct. It identifies those sites that have the most risk in the country. It also makes that site eligible for Superfund resources.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, there have been discussions, and I was just in Silverton last week at the invitation of local stakeholders to continue that conversation.    Mr. Stanislaus. No. We are continuing to have those conversations.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, again, we are engaged in that conversation. There is also kind of a technical evaluation of data, so we are in the process of evaluating that right now----    Mr. Stanislaus. I will get back to you on the timeframe.    Mr. Stanislaus. Our only ability to oversee sites is for those sites that are on the National Priorities List.    Mr. Stanislaus. That is right.    Mr. Stanislaus. Only those sites that rise to the level of being Superfund sites. So we have 130 on the National Priorities List that are abandoned mine sites, but, clearly, there are a lot more, as other individuals talked about it. So we would only have oversight of just that small number.    Mr. Stanislaus. I don't have that information in front of me, but I can see what I can pull together.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes, I really can't speak for the other agencies. When we get involved, we would do what are called removal actions, which are shorter-term actions, to abate some of the most immediate risks and, when there are longer-term risks, looking at listing on the National Priorities List for a more permanent solution.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, tremendous. In the Gold King Mine, about 330 million gallons were being emitted into the Animas River on a yearly basis. Basically, for a 10-mile distance on the Animas River, you basically have severely degraded water quality. Basically, fish survival was seriously compromised.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, when we have jurisdiction over that, we oversee the work. Sometimes it is by responsible parties, sometimes through Superfund resources. And the complexity of these sites makes it quite challenging.    Mr. Stanislaus. Oh, who is legally responsible? I am sorry. If there is a responsible party, meaning the owner or operator, that party would be responsible for doing the cleanup.    Mr. Stanislaus. Opportunity throughout the process.    Mr. Stanislaus. Limit the use of dioxin in paper?    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, that is outside of my office. I will get back to you on that.    Mr. Stanislaus. Yes, I don't have that timetable, but I should note that we put in place certain measures to abate the release of dioxin from the site itself.    Mr. Stanislaus. The exposure and the various options to address that exposure. In some cases, we would completely clean it up. In other cases, they put a barrier to prevent further--it all depends on the factors at the site.    Mr. Stanislaus. Well, typically, we would look at all those factors, but let me get back to you specifically on how we would consider that at this site.    Mr. Stanislaus. Sure. Immediately after the event, I issued a directive to all the regions to work with states and local communities to make sure the notification is broad.    So we currently have a notification system in place. And in the State of Colorado we had a plan in place where the State of Colorado took leadership of notifying. They in fact notified Durango and other folks, and those decisions were made to close off the water intakes.    And you are entirely correct that the notification for New Mexico, for the Navajo Nation did not occur simultaneously, and we agree we need to do a better job of that.    Mr. Luj AE1an. It didn't occur for days.    Mr. Stanislaus. It occurred the next day. Yes.    And just to be clear, all the notification occurred before the spill impacted any of those areas. In fact, we were able to do pre-incident sampling before any of the impact of the spill occurred in any of those areas.    Mr. Luj AE1an. Ute Mountain tribal officials are the ones that reached out to their neighbors in San Juan County to say, this spill is passing us, you need to get ready for it, it is coming our way. That wasn't on the alert system that was put in place. That was one group of neighbors caring about another group of neighbors and doing their due diligence.    This was a dismal failure from a communication perspective, and we have to fix it. I hope that the urgency for this--not just here but in any other part of the country. We need to just get this right so that people know what is coming their way.    The other urgency that I would suggest is we need to make sure that we are working with all of the impacted communities to the utmost degree: both of the Ute tribes that were impacted, the Navajo Nation, the County of San Juan in New Mexico, the State of New Mexico, as well as our brothers and sisters in the other impacted States.    There has been a frustration by the leadership of the Navajo Nation, and we need to make sure that we are working closely with them, that someone is appointed to work directly with them, whether it is from Region 9 or from headquarters, so we can make sure that all of their concerns are addressed.    One of the other concerns that I have, Mr. Chairman, is, it is my understanding that the EPA's work order at the Gold King Mine site called for the construction of a holding pond to capture and treat contaminated water but that the pond was not completed before the accident. In addition, EPA Deputy Administrator Meiburg said that provisions for a worst-case scenario were not included in the work plan.    I think it is important that we understand that, that we make sure that anytime work will be done in the future that we get to the bottom of that.    And then lastly, Mr. Chairman, as we get an assessment of all of the abandoned mines that we have in the United States and especially those that are in a condition like the Gold King Mine, where a breach or an accident can impact the water supply for millions of people in surrounding communities, we need to have a real conversation in the Congress to make sure that we are working to fix this.    Because this devastated not just the irrigators and water users in the district that I represent and in Colorado but entire water drinking supplies in the States of Nevada and Arizona that could be impacted depending on the kind of a breach that we see.    So just, Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with you. Thank you for the time today. And I look forward to submitting some additional questions to the record and getting some responses.    Thank you, sir.    Mr. Stanislaus. I would just add, I share those concerns. And we did an internal review, and the pond, in fact, was constructed, from my internal review team. But again, we were there because of the very risk that was identified in the work plan, that the State of Colorado and local stakeholders identified that risk. That is the reason that EPA was brought in to address that risk.    Mr. Luj AE1an. But, Mr. Chairman, if I may just there, if the pond was built, why didn't it work? Something didn't work. With the amount of stuff that came out of that, which was originally estimated at 1 million gallons and then it turned out to be 3 million gallons, someone didn't do their job. If something was built, then it wasn't built the right way, because the breach still went and all this garbage still went into the river.    So those are questions that we do need to get to the bottom of. If something was constructed, clearly it did not meet the means of what should have been done with an assessment of what was being held behind there. It didn't work. So, according to that mitigation plan, something needs to get better here, and that is what we are just trying to get to the bottom of.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.