    Admiral Ryan. Chairman Heck, Madam Ranking Member Davis, Congressman Coffman, Congressman MacArthur, Congressman O'Rourke, thank you. Good morning.    First, from my humble perspective as the president of MOAA for the past 13 years, this committee's actions have been the driving force, I believe, in sustaining the All-Volunteer Force while the Nation has been at war. Leaders make a difference. You all have made a real difference. Thank you.    As for today's subject of military health care, MOAA's first guiding principle is to do no harm. We think it is important to preserve what is working and fix what is not working.    In a category of what is working we would include: combat casualty care; the overall quality of military health care once it is delivered; TRICARE for Life; pharmacy programs, including the mail-order pharmacy; and TRICARE Standard, for the most part. On the latter score, MOAA's recent survey of more than 30,000 beneficiaries found Standard participants had a higher satisfaction rate and significantly lower dissatisfaction than Prime beneficiaries.    In the list of things that are not working, MOAA would include, first and foremost, the fundamental inefficiency of a system built around three separate military service programs with no single budget and oversight authority. We fight wars jointly, thanks to Congress' insistence in the 1980s, over the objection of all the Joint Chiefs.    Why can't we do the same in medical? In layman's terms, there are simply too many cooks in the kitchen.    As a result of our survey, it confirmed serious shortcomings in the TRICARE Prime appointing and referral system; the Guard and Reserve TRICARE coverage, as Scott alluded to; the patient load in military treatment facilities where military providers see far fewer patients per week than civilian providers; and inadequate case management of the higher cost for at-risk health care users.    One of the biggest problems is a serious disconnect between rhetoric and reality on DOD health care costs. Every year some defense officials offer dire budget projections of health care costs they say are out of--spiraling out of control. But recent history shows these projections have been consistently wrong.    Slide, please? I don't know if you are going to be able to put it up there.    The chart displayed reflects the reality: DOD health costs have been flat or declining for the past 5 years. Figures through fiscal year 2014 are actual expenditures; fiscal years 2015 and 2016 are projections in the latest DOD report and the fiscal year 2016 budget.    As you can see, TRICARE for Life costs have dropped significantly and purchased-care costs have been flat or declining. A prime source of cost increases has been in-house military care, which is mainly a factor of medical readiness and system inefficiency.    Admiral Ryan. In assessing what changes should be pursued, our statement for the record offers a number of guiding principles. Four key ones include: First, means testing is inappropriate for military health benefits. Reducing benefits for longer and more successful service has very negative career retention effects.    Second, readiness costs should not be passed on to beneficiaries. When military providers are deployed or military facilities are inefficient and more beneficiaries are pushed into the private care, that is a cost of doing military business, not a personnel benefit.    Third, the military health benefit should be the gold standard: a top-tier program that is substantially better than those offered by the best civilian employers.    And lastly, each similar group of eligibles should be provided similar coverage. We are not in favor of an FEHBP -style system that means those with more income can buy better coverage.    Finally, our written statement offers 12 specific recommendations, but in the interest of my time and your time and the colleagues' time, I will not address those now.    Mr. Chairman, in closing I can assure the entire committee that MOAA stands ready to assist you and your staff in any way that would be beneficial. We all want to get this right.    Thank you.    Admiral Ryan. Yes.    Admiral Ryan. I couldn't agree more.    What our survey of over 30,000 folks says is that it all--that the real issue is with TRICARE Prime. The greatest dissatisfaction was meeting the appointment timelines or getting specialty appointments. And it is double the dissatisfaction rate in TRICARE Prime, and specifically in the military treatment facilities is where the--rather than the purchased-care part of TRICARE Prime.    So it is 15 to 19 percent dissatisfaction with the appointment--getting the timely appointment or getting a specialty appointment. It's half of that in TRICARE Standard and even less in TRICARE for Life.    And so the figures show it, exactly what Ms. Raezer was talking about.    Admiral Ryan. Well, we have had discussions with DOD----    Admiral Ryan. Yes.    Admiral Ryan. One of the principal problems--and I know that the health care providers and MTFs are really professional--consummate professionals and want to do a good job, but when you look at the number of appointments that they have in a day versus what you have in the purchased care, it's not even close to what is in the purchased care.    Now, that may not be the fault of any of the health care providers. Dr. Heck has been in the system. It may be the administrative requirements that are placed on them; it may be the lack of administrative support so they end up doing clerical stuff as well.    But that is an area, if we could fix one thing it would break a lot of this dissatisfaction, I think.    Admiral Ryan. Well, I think you said it in--both of you and Madam Ranking Member said it in your opening statement. It is readiness.    But we think an important part of readiness is making sure that you can also take care of the family. And so the way you phrased it's the right way.    And that is why when the commission came out with this FEHBP proposal we could not see how military--the military MTFs could sustain their readiness with that proposal. And that's why we would rather--you can't evolve this system; it has to be reformed. And it can't be piecemeal.    But it has got to start with the readiness and making sure that all of those MTFs have people that are qualified to do what you have done, to deploy and take care of our troops. But an important segment of that readiness, as Scott pointed out, is when somebody goes over the horizon they want to know that their family is being taken care of and seen.    Thank you.    Admiral Ryan. Well, I go back to the President's first term. He cared enough about this that he called about six of us into a room, major VSOs , and said, ``This is important if we get this joint DOD-VA medical record, and I want it to be a medical record.'' He called the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of VA out of separate meetings to be there to look everybody in the eye and said, ``We need to get this done.''    Unfortunately, there has been--it's been well documented that leader after leader on both sides have not been over--able to overcome the intransigence of the bureaucrats over there. You all have wasted a lot of money on this, and the latest is now they are publicizing that you can look at the other person's record, but it's really an embarrassment.    And I see well-intentioned people at the top say, ``We are going to be involved in this,'' but they get overtaken by events and I think they leave it to other folks and they don't have the clout to get it done.    Admiral Ryan. You didn't get a chance to talk, so----    Admiral Ryan. Well, thank you, Congressman.    We would definitely like to explore this with you and the committee. Actually, as you know, you were very supportive of a unified command and a single budgeting authority. We think that makes imminent sense.    Consolidation, I think, would have to be under DOD. We would get nervous if it went--our association--if it went to OPM. I am sure they are fine people; they do a good job for civil servants. But as Joyce said, we think DOD has the responsibility there.    Access is going to be a problem for everybody. We see it in the private sector now, too. It is a big deal. We think getting the military treatment facilities more efficient would really help with the access.    And then having a much more collaborative relationship between the MTFs, the managed care, and the purchased care. It is almost nonexistent now. It is at arm's length. We waste a lot.    Admiral Ryan. Your mike----    Admiral Ryan. Yes, sir.    Admiral Ryan. Yes----    Admiral Ryan. I would just say, in relation to Scott, what he said, that we think one of the recommendations we have in there is if you want to actually look at an FEHB-type of program, doing it with the Guard and Reserve might not be a bad idea because right now it is so--lack of continuity, disjointed, they don't get equal treatment. So that is one of our thoughts.    Admiral Ryan. I think we are rowing up the stream and it is going to be very difficult. Our survey of over 30,000 indicates that with TRICARE for Life, which retirees are very important, 84 percent say it is not very important to go to a military hospital; Standard, 90 percent say not very important; and then Prime, 61 percent not very important, including currently serving.    As Joyce said, they're most interested in access and choice. So it is not something that is working well right now, and it is not going in the right direction.    Admiral Cowan is a great American, but you know, Dr. Heck, and even in your area that purchased care provides 58 percent of the care on the west and only 42 percent is done in the MTFs. So it's a big hurdle.    Admiral Ryan. Well, because, first of all, with the All-Volunteer Force, the people that should have ownership of retention should be DOD. And so we start out--we are an officer association, but we start out concerned most about what about the E-5, 10 years of service, combat experience, sitting around a table, family of four--what do they think of this or that? And I just think that that member, when they go over the horizon, he or she, they want to know that somebody's got their back, and that has got to be DOD with the All-Volunteer Force.    OPM does a great job with the civil service, but DOD ought to be responding to DOD.    Admiral Ryan. Yes. One of the things that we have found, and it is in regard to the chairman's question too, about what should we do in the MTFs, we did a study with UnitedHealthcare called ``Ready to Serve,'' and that was done by RAND , and it shows that the families really do have concerns about do the people understand us.    But guess what? The practitioners have even more concern, particularly in the mental health area, that they don't feel that they are qualified to help somebody coming from a military situation if they come in for a mental health issue.    So a lot of people are trying to work on that. Some States are doing a better job. It is not only the concern of the family, but the providers themselves, they are split between the 1 percent and the 99 percent. They want to do the right thing but they are worried that they don't know what that right thing is if that patient comes to see them as a civilian.    Admiral Ryan. It is a very interesting concept and we would like to talk to your staff about it some more.    One big thought: You know, the VA has their polytrauma centers at the different geographical areas, and so there is kind of a lesson that could be learned maybe about that. Do they get enough inflow for the spinal cord and brain injuries and all to stay current while they are doing everything else and pulling in the regular patients, as you said--not the babies necessarily, unless it is one like Chicago where they do both. So you have got a little bit of something here you could get some experience from.    I think no question, right now the military does an awful impressive job. I would say they are leading the country in this type of casualty competency. That part of it is working well right now.    I wonder going forward if we could really get the trust of the people to come into the thing when you are going to then just deploy them when something happens. And so it would have to be--it couldn't be with the three Surgeon Generals the way it is now.    You would have to have a unified command where it is in the plan that we are going to have a much more collaborative--for example, these six areas of concentration right now, they are committees. Nobody has the authority to move the dollars around; nobody is really in charge. They try and work together, but you have got to have somebody in charge and somebody who can move dollars around.    And then you have got to embrace the community, the purchased care, and have, you know, a system where it is visible--the appointment system is visible to everybody that is trying to meet that need.    I think it is doable. You almost have it right now, but what you don't have is the unity of command to make those systems--the incentive for those military systems to be as efficient as the purchased care.    Admiral Ryan. Mr. Chairman, I would just say based on that, our recommendation that 15 other associations in The Military Coalition have supported is try it in one of the major six areas and give DHA the authority to actually move the dollars and control it, and do the same thing with the Guard and Reserve. Try that. And if it works then, wow.