    Mr. MEADOWS. Thank you, Chairman Tiberi. Thank you, Ranking Member McDermott and members of this Subcommittee for this forum. We had the opportunity just a few days ago to come before a different subcommittee on this same bill, and with Mr. Kelly and Mr. Renacci attending there, and it is refreshing to see the open dialogue, to be able to put forth ideas.    I am asking for your consideration of H.R. 210, which is the Student Exemption Act. Really, the genesis of this particular piece of legislation came from a chancellor of a university in my district. As all of the best ideas typically come from those we represent, this is no exception. And as we look at this particular bill, it is designed to exempt student workers at universities.    One of the byproducts of the Affordable Care Act, not debate the merits pro or con, was to include student workers in the mandate. The university would actually have to provide coverage if they were temporary workers. Well, this had a chilling effect on student workers, as you well imagine, increasing the cost. And actually, under the Affordable Care Act, most students are required to be covered under their parents' coverage up to age 25, or other related activities. And so we actually are requiring them to be double-covered by insurance.    And so, this particular Act is very specific in that it would actually exempt those student workers, it would allow them to actually work their way through college, instead of having universities cut back on their hours.    We were very encouraged to get endorsements from a variety of associations and institutions of higher learning, typically the type of endorsements that someone with my conservative background would not get. And so, as I look at that, it is something that not only we could find great bipartisan support, but certainly it is one that makes a difference for students, universities, and keeps costs low for those institutions and students who are just trying to work their way through college.    And so, I would ask for your consideration. I thank you for this environment, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.