    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director, for being here. Thank you for what you're doing. I know you have a very difficult job as you're trying to balance both security and privacy.    I do have a few questions. As you're looking at the laws that are in place, like CALEA and FISA, or the other different avenues that we're talking about, something that concerns me is that this is very different than some of the examples that have been given here. For example, when you have--when you're going into a home, if you're asking for a key, if you go to the landlord, that key's already made, and you can go to the landlord and you can say, ``I have a warrant here,'' and that key is made, ``Can you please give me a key for that,'' where the method of creating that key, even if the key does not exist, is already--does already exist. This is very different than that. Would you agree?    Mr. Labrador. Yeah.    Mr. Labrador. Correct.    Mr. Labrador. But this goes even one step further. In this scenario, the landlord can create the key, has the ability to create the key, and the technology to create the key already exists. In the Apple case, that's not the case. They have never created the key that you're asking for. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Labrador. Well, as far as we know, as far as they're letting us know, there's no way for them, as they're telling us--because if not, I think they would be violating the judge's order. If they have an ability to do this, I do agree with you that they would be violating the judge's order, but what they're telling us is that ability does not exist. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Labrador. Correct.    Mr. Labrador. So what concerns me is the old legal maxim that, you know, bad cases make bad law. This is clearly a bad case. We all want you to get access to this phone through legal means, because maybe it would uncover some of the problems that we have in the Middle East; maybe there's some evidence in there that could really lead us to take some terrorists down. I think we are all there, but the problem is that this is a bad case. This is a person who, obviously, is dead, who has never given his code to somebody else.    And I'm concerned that, as we're looking down this road, what we're doing is we're opening the door for other things that could actually be detrimental to our safety and security. For example, I think you've testified many times that we're getting hacked all the time. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Labrador. So maybe one of the reasons that Apple is refusing to do this or is hesitant to do something like this, because they know that even they get hacked, and when you open--when you create that key that doesn't exist at all right now, you're actually opening up every other phone that's out there. Do you see how that could be a concern?    Mr. Labrador. Because you----    Mr. Labrador. No. I'm sorry.    Mr. Labrador. You said that Apple is highly--they are highly professional in keeping secrets. Would you say that the Federal Government also has very good people that are highly professional in keeping secrets?    Mr. Labrador. Me too.    Recently, we've learned that there's been a hacking incident at the IRS. Are you familiar with that?    Mr. Labrador. So that's what I'm concerned about. The moment that you open up that door, the moment that you open up that key that doesn't currently exist, you're actually allowing all these hackers that are out there--and some of them are our enemies that are trying to do us harm, whether it's economic harm or whether it's actual terrorism. They're out there looking for ways to actually get into your iPhone, into my iPhone, into everybody else's iPhone, and at some point--that's why you have such a difficult job--is we have to balance that safety and security.    Do you think that this capability that you're asking for can only be used pursuant to a warrant?    Mr. Labrador. Correct.    Mr. Labrador. That's how it is issued right now, but do you think that that can only be obtained through a warrant? Are you seeking to obtain it later through other means other than warrants?    Mr. Labrador. Okay.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you very much. I've run out of time. Thank you.