    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much for yielding to me, Ranking Member Pallone. I am really proud to be leading this bill with Representative Ellmers, truly working across the aisle, literally, today. And as has been said, this bill will allow the Department of Energy to provide, to prescribe a separate energy conservation standard for LED drivers.    As we have been discussing, when this committee wrote the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 2005 it directed the Department of Energy to develop a conservation standard for various external power supply products. That term was meant to cover products that convert household electric current in order to operate a consumer product like a laptop computer or a smart phone.    At that time in 2005, LED lighting was in its very early stages. And as much we try and often succeed, we didn't have a crystal ball to see into the future of LED lighting. So since that time because of the broad definition we created for external power supplies, emergent LED drivers were swept up into a conservation standard that just doesn't make sense. This means that, although LED drivers are highly energy-efficient, they can't meet the EPS conservation standard and their ability to compete in the competitive lighting market is now an open question.    Well, it seems like a technicality, but the bill is actually vitally important. LED drivers represent the next wave of lighting technology allowing for better and faster Internet connections, enabling smart buildings, industry facilities and homes to reduce their costs, improving consumer experiences in the retail industry and even leading to even faster recovery times in hospitals by controlling the color and timing of the lights in recovery rooms.    It is estimated that switching to LED lighting could reduce national lighting electricity use by nearly one half by 2030. That is the annual equivalent to saving three quadrillion BTUs, which is worth $26 billion in today's standards. So by passing the EPS Improvement Act of 2016 will let the LED lighting revolution continue, and in turn help lower energy prices for every American business.    I want to thank the panelists for coming today. I look forward to your testimony, and I yield back.    Ms. DeGette. Mr. Chairman, I never think you are discriminating against me, and I really appreciate you letting me sit in on this hearing. This is one of these issues where in retrospect it seems so simple that it should have been right in the first place, and it wasn't right in the first place. And now, of course, it could both hurt what--Ms. Amann, when I heard you talking about what the manufacturers would have to do to try to get a waiver I was just imagining Cooper Lighting which is one of my, your members and one of my companies in Denver, trying to petition the DOE to get a waiver from this standard. And it is exactly why people get irritated with Congress. So I am really happy that Congresswoman Ellmers and I have been able to come together to solve this problem.    I just want to ask a couple of sort of broader questions. Ms. Amann, I wanted to ask you, in your testimony you noted that before the EPS standard was developed many external power supply devices still used decades-old technology. I am wondering if you could talk for a minute how the EPS standard has encouraged 21st-century innovation.    Ms. DeGette. And Mr. Hakkarainen, do you have anything to add to that? Did manufacturers like you work with the efficiency advocates in DOE to pioneer the new technologies?    Ms. DeGette. Right, you do those. Yes.    Ms. DeGette. Yes. And it seems to me that the EPS standard has been effective in sparking innovation, but then if we shoehorn the LEDs into that the trend could be reversed and ironically instead of supporting energy efficiency, the EPS standard could actually inhibit that. Is that correct?    Ms. DeGette. Thanks. And did you want to add anything, Mr. Hakkarainen?    Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I hope we can pass this on on suspension. And then I actually thought your question was the most important one, is what do we do about the other body, because Chairman Upton and I are still trying to get our 21st Century Cures bill, which passed this committee unanimously, passed by the Senate. So if you figure out how to unlock this problem, you can get that bill through, too. Thank you. I yield back.