    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman, I object to the questioning, in that it is outside the scope of this hearing. Additionally, it is outside the scope and expertise of the witness.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I will refrain from asking about large nonprofits that might have taken and been influenced by foreign government contributions. That would be too sensitive to Mrs. Clinton.    Commissioner, our Founding Fathers did consider maladministration for impeachment and they decided that that was too low. Do you know of that from your readings?    Mr. Issa. And so I want to ask, very much along that, misdemeanors are in, maladministration is out.    Now, I represent Camp Pendleton and 47,000 marines. Maladministration is what you get fired for if you are a colonel, a captain, a sergeant, or even a general, and that includes loss of confidence in being able to do the job, failure to essentially get your subordinates to follow your orders, failure to show the kind of zealous obedience for compliance with rules, regulations, and laws.    These are two different standards, the standard between impeachment and the standard for relieving a senior officer or even a sergeant in the military. So I want to go through this, because I think, at a minimum, we should have a discussion about what actually occurred.    You were under a subpoena, you were aware that we were looking for documents, you assured the Oversight Committee that you were using absolutely every possible tool to recover them. And so now the question. In retrospect, did you fail to use every tool, did you fail to ask the kinds of questions of enough people, enough experts to know that the BlackBerry that still existed at the time of the investigation would have had many of these lost emails, that the servers, the tapes, and other documents could have been recovered, as you eventually discovered? Would you say that that is a failure of yours that you will have to live with?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    I would ask unanimous consent that the 226-page report chronicling the actions be placed in the record from the Oversight Committee.<greek-l>need report deg.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Commissioner, you know, obviously if we had to do this over again, we would all ask that it be done differently. But I am going to use the remainder of my time to ask you a more serious question.    In light of the fact that agency heads generally make the decisions about subpoenas coming from Congress, and they lack, as you lack, in spite of all your experience, the expertise to know where to go, how to preserve documents, where the, if you will, all the places to make sure, the six different areas that could have been looked at and, according to the IG, were not looked at, five of them, do you think that Congress should insist on having a contact and responsible person in each agency that in fact could be held accountable because they had the expertise and could be reasonably expected to have the authority to enforce and deliver documents on behalf of lawfully submitted subpoenas?    Mr. Issa. In my last few seconds, Lois Lerner was referred for a criminal indictment by the Ways and Means Committee under a statute that said that the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia shall present to a grand jury, and the Administration failed to do that.    In retrospect, when the American people expect somebody to be held accountable for the wrongful targeting of conservative groups, wouldn't it have gone a long way if the Justice Department had simply complied with the law rather than chose not to comply with the law?    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.