    Mr. Bosworth. Yes. Is this still on? There we go. I'm sorry.    Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, and members of the committee on energy, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. My name is Jerry Bosworth, and I am the President of Bosworth Air Conditioning and Heating in Galveston, Texas.    Bosworth Air Conditioning and Heating has been selling, installing, and servicing Galveston County's residential and commercial comfort systems since 1959. I am here today representing the interests of ACCA, the Indoor Environmental and Energy Efficiency Association. ACCA is the leading national association representing the technical, educational, and policy interests of small business contractors that design, install, and maintain residential and commercial heating and cooling systems. But I am also before you today representing more than the 1 million Americans employed by the manufacturers, distributors, contractors--and contractors of the HVACR industry.    Today, I would like to highlight some of the concerns related to the uptick in the number of rules and regulations related to the energy and environmental regulations the Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency have had significant adverse impact on manufacturers, distributors, and contractors.    From the Department of Energy, we have seen an aggressive push to increase the energy efficiency standards for residential and commercial heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, refrigeration equipment, as well as water heaters. At the time--at the same time, we have been--there have been problems with the test procedures used to rate some of the equipment that makes it more difficult to achieve these higher standards, affecting a double impact.    As an example, the Department of Energy recently proposed a set of new minimum national energy conservation standards for residential natural gas furnaces at 92 percent AFUE, a ratio that describes how efficiency--how efficiently the appliance converts gas to heat. According to DOE's own economic models, nearly 1/3 of all homeowners in 19 southern States and territories would never see a positive payback from replacing their existing furnace; 12 percent of homeowners in the 33 northern States, a similar prospect.    In proposing to set this standard, DOE is effectively eliminating one type of furnace technology that represents half of the current models shipped today. I have installed a lot of furnaces in my lifetime, but only once have I installed a furnace that approached the standard DOE wants to set as the basic model for all States.    Higher efficiency furnaces like the ones DOE wants to mandate as a minimum are not appropriate in all parts of the country, not even the North. This is because furnaces that have an AFUE ratio equal or above 90 percent have special requirements that can only add thousands of dollars to the installation cost. This may force the homeowners to repair or maintain an older, inefficient model instead of upgrading, or it can drive many homeowners in areas of low heat load to opt for a heat pump, driving up the utility costs, leading to more fossil fuel emissions at the energy plant.    On Section 608, 608, the production, use, and handling of hundreds of refrigerant compounds that make air-conditioning and refrigeration possible are controlled and regulated by the EPA. Many have found it--many of these have been found to harm the ozone layer or have a higher global warming potential if they are released into the atmosphere. EPA rules requires anybody who works on an air-conditioning system to take a certification test to obtain their 608 card, named after Section 608 of the Clean Air Act, prohibiting the release of most refrigerants while performing any service or maintenance.    In order to comply with these rules, the service technician must be trained, have the required equipment, take the extra time to properly evacuate the entire refrigerant into an appropriate container before performing any service work to the sealed system. ACCA has no problem with these rules, but unfortunately, there are a lot of individuals who claim to be professional contractors who skirt these rules and are never caught. The bottom line--the bottom-feeders take advantage of a lax enforcement and undermine our industry.    So we think that better enforcement of--we would like to see better enforcement of the Section 608 rule. Unless significant changes are made to Section 608 program through increased enforcement, it cannot accomplish its mission to protect the environment and should be abandoned.    Lastly, I would like to bring to the Committee's attention an important gap in existing regulatory scheme for residential equipment. According to a 2013 National Institute of Standards and Technology study, there are substantial equipment efficiency losses due to poor installation practices typically due to duct leakage, refrigerant undercharge/overcharge, low indoor airflow, oversized equipment, and undersized ductwork.    For years, ACCA has championed the need for quality installations in the HVACR contracting business, and DOE seems to ignore our pleas.    So I look forward to any questions from the Committee. Thank you much.    Mr. Bosworth. Well, one thing I would say is she is correct about refrigerators. Refrigerators are a sealed system. They come in a box. You slide it into your house. It operates. The only problem I see with the modern refrigerator is the old refrigerators had a little defrost timer. It cost about 30 bucks to replace. These new refrigerators, they got a control board in them, a circuit board. They go out, it costs a couple hundred dollars to replace, plus the labor. So there is--with the energy efficiency, there is more cost on repair and maintenance.    As far as central air-conditioning and heating, the unit is only as good as the installation. And you can put in a 13, 14. You can put in a 92 AFUE furnace, but if it's installed improperly or if it's installed to undersized ductwork or a duct leaking in the attic or return air is leaking from the attic or from the basement or whatever, it's not going to get the efficiency. So the equipment is fine and dandy, but it's the installation that makes a difference.    Mr. Bosworth. No, I'm----    Mr. Bosworth. I went to work for my dad in 1985, and I took the business over in 2001 when he passed away, and so far we've--we're still paying the bills.    Mr. Bosworth. Well, the equipment definitely costs more money. That's just the way it is. I mean, every time it's more efficient, somebody gets paid. So with us, with getting more and more higher efficiency equipment, we have to learn how to install it better. We--or actually, we do install it better. We have somebody that has different techniques for the installations.    And--but my biggest concern is is that on--especially on 92 percent furnace, they're a condensing furnace. Right now, the furnaces we install are non-condensing furnaces. And they're 80 percent efficient. When I first got in the trade in 1975, the standard furnace was a 60 percent furnace. It was--40 percent of the heat went out the roof and that's just the way it was. But the repair on the--between the 60 percent furnace and the 80 percent furnace went up dramatically when we started installing 80 percent furnaces.    And, like I said, I don't know about the 92 percent because we've only installed one, and it was only installed for a few years and the customer didn't like it and took it out.    Mr. Bosworth. Well, we already have 92 plus furnaces available. I mean, they're sitting on the shelves ready to be sold. There's just no demand for them, at least in my area and I would think in the Midwest--or not the Midwest but the Southwest there's no demand for them. Maybe in Minnesota, Wisconsin, those areas it'd be nice and would work good. Matter of fact, I used to work in Minnesota where the--most of the furnaces were condensing furnaces. So there is a place for them, but it's not in the whole United States.    Like I said, where I live, air-conditioning is more important and selling higher-efficiency air-conditioning--when it went from 13 SEER to 14 SEER this year, it was no big deal. Everybody wants a higher-efficiency air-conditioning because they pay a high light bill. Their gas bill is minimum.    Mr. Bosworth. Well, I really think it's what people want. It's--consumers will drive the economy. I mean, they'll drive the force towards the 92 percents.    Mr. Bosworth. To be quite honest, I am not in the political atmosphere of all this stuff, so this is not really my expertise.    Mr. Bosworth. So I'm going to have to just----    Mr. Bosworth. --defer on this one.    Mr. Bosworth. Well, with the energy efficiency standards going up and up, we have seen where we've been pulling out like 10 SEER equipment and trying to install 13 and 14 SEER equipment in a spot and it won't fit. If you go to--all of you all have homes and all of you all have furnaces and air conditioners at your home. You go take a look at your furnace and see what's--where it's sitting. It's sitting usually in a closet or in the basement and it's usually got walls built around it because nobody wants to see them.    The problem comes is when it needs to be replaced and you go to like a condensing furnace. Well, a condensing furnace is probably about a foot taller than the standard non-condensing furnace. So then you've got a height----    Mr. Bosworth. You've got to deal with the condensation because it's got an acid-based condensate on it and it can't go into a cast iron drain. It's got to go into a PVC drain. So there you have to do some plumbing.    Then you have venting. If you stand--if you change out a standard furnace, you have what we call B vent aluminum piping or steel piping that we vent through. These--now, for these condensing furnaces, they use PVC pipe. And then again, if your unit is in the basement and you're in a--or you're in a basement that's been made into a bonus room or something, you have a ceiling that you might have to remove in order to--or tear a piece of it out in order to run vent pipe.    Or if you're in a closet, you might have an issue to where the vent pipe doesn't go straight up. It might go over and up and you still have to do some carpentry work in order to get this system installed.    Mr. Bosworth. Well, you know, that's what I mean. The equipment itself, you're looking at adding about $600 to the job cost, marking up, you looking at a couple hundred bucks, but then you're looking at the construction work that might be required to install this system, and the sky's the limit.    Mr. Bosworth. Yes, we went from R-12 to 134a.    Mr. Bosworth. Well, it'll get you high.    Mr. Bosworth. Well, the replacement stuff we have now is--we don't breathe it; we reclaim it. And that's what I was talking about Section 608. Most of us that are ACCA contractors are premium--we try to be premium contractors. We abide by the rules. We reclaim the refrigerant. We take it to a disposal site or a recycling site. But there's a lot of contractors who are what I call bottom-feeders----    Mr. Bosworth. --who----    Mr. Bosworth. --will go and they'll install a condensing unit, they'll take the old unit back to their garage or their house or whatever and they'll just slowly vent it out on the way home. So some of these EPA rules, which are--which I believe in; I think they're good. They're good for the environment, but a lot of them are being ignored because there's no bite to it.