    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much. And thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. I didn't expect it would be as interesting as it's been, so thank you to the witnesses as well.    Let me just start off with one question in terms of getting a sense of information here on one issue the broader issue of whether or not the integrity of our voting process and our election system will be maintained is really vital to the very nature of our country. I mean, this goes to the heart of whether or not we are who we say we are. If we don't have an election process that has integrity, we don't have an election process.    First let me ask this. How many examples do we have of where the Russians have actually--or Russian-based, whoever it is in Russia, have hacked in to our election system?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Does anybody disagree?    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, the----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Does anyone disagree with that on the panel? Yes, sir.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Excuse me. What example was that that you just gave?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. But that's not the election process, but that is an entity that's involved in elections here so they have capability of actually getting into various--whether it's Republican, Democrat, or whatever, but actually in the election process we have no examples of them actually hacking into the system and compromising the integrity of any specific election, is that correct?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right. Okay.Just to let you know, we have seen article after article after article about how Russia is compromising the integrity of our election system. And, Mr. Chairman, the panelist is just saying that is false and just a note.    For those of us who want our country to be safe but we also don't want to just continually vilifying Russia turning them into the bad guys. If we're going to have the integrity of our system, I think we have to look at home for some of the real threats to the integrity of our voting system and whether the--as we say, the old-fashioned way of stealing elections has been around for a long time and we should be insisting that we make sure that we don't have people, for example, voting who are not eligible to vote because they're perhaps not citizens or here illegally.    We have people who are trying to suggest that we don't even have any real demand to identify someone's self whether they are here--whether they are actually who they say they are when they go to vote.    So we have a real challenge to make sure our system is, as I say, safe from being defrauded because the people of the United States, their ballots are being negated by every other ballot that's cast is cast by someone who does not have a right to vote here.    Now, with that said, we actually did confront this. Congress confronted this whole issue back in 2002 with the Help America Vote Act. And just very quickly to the panel because my time is running out, that's been around now since 2002. Congress passed this act specifically aiming at protecting the integrity of our system. Is our system now more or less at risk from cyber attacks due to this legislation? And very quickly, if we could have the panel answer that.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. Well, thank you very much and thank you, Mr. Chairman.