    Chairman Price. This hearing will come to order. We want to welcome everybody to the Budget Committee and our hearing entitled Restoring the Trust for Families and Working-Age Americans. For over a year, the House Budget Committee has been engaged in an initiative called Restoring the Trust for All Generations. Today's hearing is the fourth in this series of hearings this committee has held to advance this initiative.    Restoring the Trust is an effort to raise awareness among both our colleagues in Congress and probably, most importantly, the American people that we represent about the serious fiscal and policy challenges facing our Nation's health, retirement, and economic security programs.    These are programs that are funded automatically without any annual appropriation or necessarily any congressional oversight. They are what is known in this town as ``mandatory spending.'' It means that the money continues to be spent and is increasing and will continue to increase until Congress and the President agree to reform the programs.    The unchecked growth and spending in this area, whether it is Medicare or Medicaid, or Social Security, or numerous Federal housing, education, and safety net programs is eating up a larger and larger portion of the Federal budget. It is crowding out other government functions, other national priorities, and contributing substantially to the budgetary imbalance that has our national debt over $19 trillion and climbing. As we have discussed in this committee previously, in addition to the fiscal challenges, we know that these programs are not necessarily serving the beneficiaries all that well.    At the same time, and perhaps less appreciated, is the fact that many of these programs create substantial distortions and foster perverse incentives in the private market in areas like education, health care, and housing. Those distortions drive up the cost of goods and services for all Americans.    For many working age Americans and their families, they may have no direct interaction with these automatic spending programs, but these programs and government policies generally are increasing demand for services while simultaneously limiting supply, and results in prices that are outpacing wages, and that hits the middle class particularly hard.    In today's housing market, affordability is the missing element. The fundamental problem is a supply/demand imbalance that works against families struggling to afford the mortgage or rent as home values appreciate faster than wages and inflation. The average family's housing cost rose 63.3 percent between 1997 and 2015. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, home ownership rates are at their lowest level in 50 years and currently equal the same level of 62.9 percent that was achieved in 1965.    In higher education, evidence points to Federal student aid distorting demand, and it has been linked to rapid rises and increases in tuition. A 2015 study conducted by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York reports a passthrough effect on college tuition from increased Federal student aid. For every additional dollar in subsidized loans, tuition increases by an estimated $0.65, and for every additional dollar in Pell Grants, tuition increases by $0.55.    More generally, our current education system contributes to higher costs by stifling innovation; innovation that could offer flexible, customized, and more affordable education experiences catered to the lives of working students with families who are seeking to realize their full academic potential.    Washington's current approach to health care clearly has, under the assumption of knowing what is best for patients across America, has restricted them to health programs that are an unsustainable path while driving up costs. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, the average premium in America has increased 61 percent in the last decade. Similarly, deductibles have increased more than 250 percent, meaning increased out-of-pocket expenses for individuals and families. Thanks to heavy-handed governmental intervention in the Nation's health care, costs for families continue to rise without gains in quality or value.    Furthermore, competition and innovation are stifled, and providers spend nearly as twice as much time completing paperwork as they do caring for patients, lending itself to a paper-centered system as opposed to patient-centered healthcare delivery system. In short, the status quo is not working. However, positive solutions can be discovered in the private sector and successful government programs. We should work to advance free market policies that will foster competition. In order to have a well-functioning marketplace, it is necessary to allow entrepreneurs to meet the demands of consumers, creating better products for lower prices through innovation. In short, allowing America to work.    To provide views on these issues of critical importance to so many Americans, we have a wonderful panel of witnesses with us today. We want to welcome each and every one of you. Edward Pinto, the resident fellow and co-director of the International Center on Housing Risk at the American Enterprise Institute; Dr. Keith Smith, managing partner and co-founder of the Surgery Center of Oklahoma; Dr. William Spriggs, chief economist at the AFL-CIO; and Dr. Thomas Lindsay, co-director of the Center for Higher Education at the Texas Public Policy Foundation.    I want to thank you all for being here and for being willing to share your insights and your firsthand knowledge about how our Nation's automatic spending programs are impacting the lives and livelihoods of families and working age Americans. We look forward to your testimony, and I am pleased to recognize the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Yarmuth.    Chairman Price. Thank you, Mr. Yarmuth. We appreciate your opening statement. I want to, once again, welcome all of the witnesses. Mr. Pinto, Dr. Smith, Dr. Spriggs, and Dr. Lindsay, thank you for appearing before us today. The committee has received your written statements, and without objection they will be made a part of the formal hearing record. You each will have 5 minutes to deliver your oral remarks, and Mr. Pinto, you may begin when you are ready.    Chairman Price. Thank you very much. Dr. Smith, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Do you want to turn on your mike, please?    Chairman Price. Perfect.    Chairman Price. Thank you, Dr. Smith.    Chairman Price. Dr. Spriggs, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Thank you, Dr. Spriggs. Dr. Lindsay, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Thank you, Dr. Lindsay, and thank you to all of you for your testimony. I think it was really helpful in framing the discussion, and let me put up the first slide, please. I want to talk very briefly about the goals that we have, because I think that one of my goals is to make certain that we recognize that we are all trying to push in the same direction. We all want housing that is appropriate and affordable for folks. We want health care that is of the highest quality and available for individuals who want education that allows each and every American to realize their dreams.    So, the question is not what the goals are. The question is, are we doing, as a Federal Government, the right thing that allows those goals to be accomplished, and if you look at this slide. This is the last 30 years and the increases in family spending on housing and health care and education compared to inflation, so the average increase for those items ought to basically track inflation unless there is something else going on.    Housing and health care and education obviously are increasing significantly greater than inflation, so there is something else going on, and that is what I would hope that we concentrate on, so let me drill down a little bit on this.    Mr. Pinto, you talked about the area of housing right now, government-centric housing finance system that creates economic free zone, and you talked specifically about the challenges in the area of the home loan market, in the area of the rental market. Take a few minutes and expand on what the solutions that we could look at here to make it so that that kind of economic-free zone does not exist.    Chairman Price. Oh wow. Yeah. Exactly. I was really struck by your comment that the wealth gap is three times greater than the income gap. So Dr. Smith, let me switch. My pension is to talk about medical care and health care itself, but I want to talk about the finances, and you were so low key in your presentation, it was wonderfully stimulating and, I think, a very striking story.    Let me read a couple of the sentences from your testimony, ``Our prices. Your prices. Typically, \1/6\ to \1/10\ of what traditionally hospitals charge what we believe to be the cost to render care, and then once again, our prices, it should be noted, are bundled including all aspects of care and are less than Medicaid currently pays to not-for-profit facilities in your area.'' How on earth can you do this? Where are your costs being saved? Where are you margins being cut?    Chairman Price. If you could put up the slide on healthcare inflation, please, because I think it is really striking. Here is the healthcare inflation since 1965 compared to regular inflation CPI: 668 percent for regular, and 2100 for health care. What are the hurdles that are preventing the regular doc out there taking care of patients to do what you are doing?    Chairman Price. Right. Remarkable story, and I would urge my colleagues to take a peek at it, because \1/6\ to \1/10\ of the prices that are being charged by competitors in your area with as high quality or higher quality. Great, great story. Thank you.    Chairman Price. Dr. Lindsay, I have just a few minutes left, but I want to touch on your notation in the area of education. Talk about tuition hyperinflation and the burdensome student loan debt, and we have got a slide on the level of student loan debt that is now exceeding $1.2 trillion, higher than credit card debt in this country, higher than loans for automobiles. And you talked a lot about the problem, but I want to give you a couple of minutes--a minute and a half--to talk about what are the solutions to reverse that.    Chairman Price. Talk about the hyperinflation of tuition, because I am intrigued.    Chairman Price. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that, and I would draw folks' attention to your entire written testimony, because it really is remarkable. Mr. Yarmuth, you are recognized. Mr. McDermott, you are up.    Chairman Price. But you gave your website, did you not?    Chairman Price. Gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Cole, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Gentleman yields back. Mr. Pascrell, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Price. Mr. Blum, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Mr. Brat, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Price. Mr. Pocan, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Gentleman yields back. Mr. Stanford, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Thank you, gentleman. Time is expired. Ms. Castor, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Gentlelady's time has expired.    Chairman Price. There will be questions for the record that you are welcome to offer. Mr. Palmer, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Dr. Smith, I am going to have to have you answer that question for the record afterward. Mr. Yarmuth, you are recognized for 10 minutes.    Chairman Price. Gentleman yields back. Mr. McClintock, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Gentleman's time as expired. We will take that as a statement instead of a question.    Chairman Price. Exactly.    Chairman Price. There you go. Mr. Norcross, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Gentleman's time is expired. Mr. Woodall, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. I thank the gentleman. His time is expired. Mr. Ryan, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. I appreciate that.    Chairman Price. I appreciate you coming. Thank you.    Chairman Price. Gentleman, your time has expired.    Chairman Price. I have tried that and that would set a bad precedent.    Chairman Price. Mr. Grothman, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman yields back. Thank you. Ms. Moore, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. Your time has expired. Mr. Rokita, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Price. The gentleman's time has expired. Time for questions is complete, and I want to ask Mr. Yarmuth if he has any closing remarks?    Chairman Price. I thank the gentleman, and I just want to thank the witnesses. I was a little curious that some of the comments took a turn toward unions, and I would be remiss if I did not mention the Employee Rights Act that we have offered. I was stunned to learn that only 6 percent of union members currently have ever voted to be in a union. So we talk with folks back home. None of us are opposed to unions. We just think that workers need to have consent to be in the union. So we think it is important to have elections. We think it is important to have secret ballot elections for union formation and an appropriate time to notice all those things. So I just wanted to mention that, as our friends on the other side talked about unions.    I also wanted to just highlight a particular article that I noted from last April from the Guardian and I, without objection, I will insert in the record. It is titled ``L.A. Unions Call for Exemption from $15 Minimum Wage That They Fought for,'' and I was curious to read this. This is an article that highlights the battle that folks are having for a $15 minimum wage, but then members of the AFL-CIO union in L.A. are fighting to exempt their union from the $15 minimum wage so that they can undercut the folks who are going to be required by the State to have a $15 minimum wage. I found that curious.    But I want to get back to this slide that I started with and, hopefully, the common ground. The inflation that the American people have seen over the last 30 years has been 128 percent increase over that period of time. But the three things that have outpaced inflation--housing and health care and education--are the things that all Americans have to deal with, and I would think that there ought to be commonality in trying to answer the question why?    Why is that the case, and so I am somewhat curious for my friends on the other side who seem to scoff at some of the evidence that I think has been put before us on why that is the case. I would think that we ought to be listening and saying, ``Okay, cannot we make it so that the American people have a greater opportunity to use their disposable income in a more responsible way by making certain these costs are held down;'' that we are not gaming the system from the Federal Government's standpoint if, in fact, that the Federal Government involvement in this is pumping up prices for folks on things that they have to spend money on. Why would we continue to allow that from a public policy standpoint?    So I think the testimony that we have heard here today has been extremely enlightening. I want to thank each and every one of you for coming today. I think you have helped us have a conversation and, hopefully, initiate a bipartisan conversation and more bipartisan activity so that we can come to some policy agreements on how to move forward and make it so that the American people are able to utilize their finite resources that they have in a much more responsible way, without the influence of the Federal Government in a way that distorts how much money they are going to have to spend for these three particular items.    So with that, we have completed this hearing. I want to thank you all again; Mr. Pinto, Dr. Smith, Dr. Spriggs, and Dr. Lindsay for your time today. The committee has received your statements, and we will allow each member to notice that they may submit written questions to be answered later in writing. Those questions and your answers will be made part of the formal hearing record, and any member who wishes to submit those questions or extraneous material, for the record, may do so within 7 days. Thank you all so much. This hearing stands adjourned.