    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thanks to all the Commissioners for their testimony and appearance.    A couple years ago, I was in a middle school in my district, which is Louisville, Kentucky. And it is a school that is not atypical in an urban setting. Ninety-five percent of the kids were on free and reduced lunch. And I asked the principal what percentage of her students she would estimate had access to the Internet at home. She said probably 10 percent. And, you know, that breaks your heart because you know those kids are lost, particularly if they are already in middle school.    So what we have been trying to do in Louisville is--broadband, expanded broadband is great. Wireless technology is great. But there are families who can't afford $10 a month for whom broadband means nothing because they don't have a computer, whose only access might be through the phone, and so forth.    So we have been trying to do a local initiative to try and just create in some neighborhoods public WiFi, free WiFi, so kids could at least be able to have it, whether they have a tablet or a phone. And AT&T and others have been very helpful in trying to accomplish that.    So I would just throw that out as--I know some of you are sensitive to this. But as you consider expanded access, that is a critical consideration.    Secondly, earlier this year, I introduced the Keep Our Campaigns Honest Act, which would require the FCC to use its existing authority to require disclosure of those who are funding campaign spots.    We just concluded a campaign in Kentucky in which the vast majority of all the ads run for both gubernatorial candidates were run by outside groups. Nobody knows who they were. Nobody still knows who they were. I would say that my constituents' reaction was that, if there were a lot of Styrofoam bricks available, they would have bought as many as they could have afforded. The outrage was palpable.    So, once again, I would request that the Commission consider that. We are going into a campaign that has already started with anonymous ads. And this is something that I think is a high priority for Americans, and it is certainly for, I think, the benefit of democracy that people know who they are being influenced by.    I know Chairman Walden has a problem with the KOCH Act, as we call it, because he says it would require too many donors to be listed. But I think the Commission could do something; say, anybody who funded more than 25 percent of the ads, so, at the most, you would have four people identified in the ad. But, again, I think this is critical, and I would urge you to proceed on that.    And, finally, a question that I have to ask because the person I live with would not welcome me back unless I did. And I am new to this subcommittee and relatively new to the committee, so I may have missed something, but where does the implementation of the requirement on volume of ads in television shows stand? Because, anecdotally, it seems that it has not been implemented very extensively.    I would throw it open to anybody. Chairman?    Mr. Yarmuth. No, I am not talking about the frequency, the number of ads. I am talking about the sound volume.    Mr. Yarmuth. The sound volume.    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you.    Mr. Yarmuth. Sure. I yield.    Mr. Yarmuth. And I actually notice that there are some commercials, actually, where the volume drops. And I don't know whether that is intentional, somebody trying to get people to pay more attention or not. But I am just curious as to where the enforcement mechanism is or whether it is being enforced.    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.