    Ms. Graham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank my colleague Mr. Scott for including me in this legislation. I am proud to be an original cosponsor as I am ending my term in Congress and leaving Congress. My district was redistricted too, Congresswoman Adams.    There is nothing that I could be prouder than to be able, in some of my last days, to be here advocating on behalf of HBCUs. And I want to recognize Dr. Robinson, who is the interim President of Florida A&M University in Tallahassee, and I am so proud to represent the Rattlers. Strike, strike, strike again. I am still working on the wrist action, still working on it.    The 1890 land-grant universities, they have the important task of recruiting, educating, and ensuring that future generations are excited about, and prepared for, careers in agriculture. This is an immediate need. And I know that we must do all we can to support these wonderful universities in that effort.    This bill would make an education in agriculture more accessible and affordable. And I know in north Florida that what Florida A&M is doing is helping young people get into the field of agriculture, and it is such a critically important area. As the age of those that are in agriculture goes up, we need to encourage young people to get into this wonderful field. Again, I want to thank you. It is such an honor to represent Florida A&M.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Rick Allen, 5 minutes.    Ms. Graham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, again, I want to recognize Dr. Robinson from FAMU University. I am so proud to represent FAMU. Every time I come on the campus the students are so kind to me. They even dance with me. And I love to dance and they just put up with me. They show me some new moves.    My family would not be in Florida but for agriculture. My grandfather moved to south Florida and started one of the first dairy farms. This is something near and dear to my heart. And I really know that we need to encourage, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we need to encourage young people to get into the field of agriculture.    Mr. Scott took my question, but I forgive you, Austin. I was going to ask about veterans because it is so important. And I appreciate, Dr. Jones, your comments on that.    Last summer, I had the first ever annual north Florida farm tour. We went to 14 counties, and I was honored to be able to have a panel discussion at FAMU. And we brought together just a wide variety of people, young people, veterans, people interested in agriculture. And it was such a great experience to get out all the wonderful things that were going on at FAMU. And I am curious if the other universities represented here have taken the opportunity to brag about what is possible and, also, hopefully this legislation that I am so proud to be an original cosponsor of, will allow many others to have an opportunity to take advantage of all the great things that are going on at your universities. This is your chance to just brag a little bit. Thank you.    I yield back. I yield to the panel.    Ms. Graham. Thank you, Doctor.    Mr. Chairman, I think Dr. Robinson would like to say a couple of words from FAMU, I would appreciate that opportunity. Thank you.    The Chairman. Be brief. We are trying to get everybody in, so be brief. RESPONSE OF LARRY ROBINSON, Ph.D., INTERIM PRESIDENT, FLORIDA     Ms. Graham. Thank you, Dr. Robinson. You are also producing great hand cream as well.    Okay. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Benishek, 5 minutes.