    Mr. Walz. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here. I appreciate what you are saying in representing a rural district. Also, as a geographer, I understand that location is everything many times. And your states are blessed with, and our nation is blessed with resources that we can use to make ourselves energy independent, and that is not only good economically, it is good national security-wise.    I would take it just one step further. In my district, in southern Minnesota, we too are blessed with the ability to produce energy, and that comes in the form of wind, and solar, and biofuels. And I bring this up only because the issues you are talking about and the positive returns to the community are exactly the same things we see in that. And the cautions that some of you said, Ms. Root, about policies that infringe upon that, we need to be careful of.    We should not be in the business of picking winners and losers, and we should make sure that these industries have the opportunity. So I say that to my colleagues that I am appreciative, and we want to see your states thrive, but I also think we need to make sure that we are talking about the impact to rural communities from a variety of perspectives.    And I know this is not your area of expertise, but I am assuming you see some of these other energy sources also in Pennsylvania, Mr. Causer. If you can tell me, is it the same type of situation?    Mr. Walz. I think that is the message for all of us. Because I agree with you on this, that the issue all of us share, transmission, whether it is transmission through pipelines or transmission through power lines, talking to the public about how we have common interests in this. Because whether you produce that energy with fossil fuels or you produce it with renewables, you still have to move it at some point in time.    There is a commonality here. I appreciate all of you, this advocacy for rural America, I would be remiss if I didn't have a little chip on my shoulders when the RFS gets hit all the time, because those are jobs; those are communities growing; those are things that are being created there. And you do compete, I get that. But that is a healthy competition. But, for all of us, that recognition that if we are producing energy in America, regardless of where it has come from, that is a good thing. If we are producing it in rural areas, that is a double benefit, because these areas are hardest hit.    So I am grateful for your advocacy. What you find is that there are a lot of commonalities here. And for most of us, striking that proper balance--and I don't think it is an either/or choice, that none of us want to see environmental damage or species extinct, but we also want to strike that proper balance so that we can produce our energy. And I believe those solutions are out there.    So, Mr. Chairman, I thank you for holding this hearing, and I am grateful that you recognize how important this is to rural America.    The Chairman. Thanks, Tim.    Mr. Scott, 5 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Causer, I want to ask you about the drilling on the National Forest land, and what challenges, if any, have the oil and gas industry experienced, and have those challenges always been there, or have they changed over the last several years?    Mr. Walz. No.    The Chairman. Mr. Ashford, did you come up with anything?