    Mr. Steinbach. So certainly, I would not be truthful if I told you that we knew about all the returnees. We--like Nick said, we know what we know. There is a number that we don't know about.    The ones we know about, the numbers of foreign fighters that have returned from Syria, from the conflict zone, every single one of those is a predicated FBI investigation run on the Joint Terrorism Task Force. Regardless of the intelligence or the information that we started with, we go to build the case to disrupt, whether that disruption is in the form of deportation or whether that disruption is in the form of prosecution.    Every single one of those known foreign fighters is an FBI investigation, and we seek to determine the root cause of their travel, what they did in Syria, and then ultimately, if it was in support of a foreign terrorist organization such as ISIL, we look for prosecution or some other disruption.    Mr. Steinbach. Yes, I am concerned. We will have to take a look at those lists and go through all of the intelligence holdings and be very careful to try and identify connections to foreign terrorist groups.    Mr. Steinbach. You have to have information to vet, so the concern in Syria is that we don't have systems in places on the ground to collect the information to vet. That would be the concern is we would be vetting--databases don't hold the information on those individuals, and that is the concern.    Mr. Steinbach. Yes, we have.    Mr. Steinbach. Yes, just one note on context. So, you know, part of is--a part of this message has to be pushed down at the local level, just like parents have to watch their children on the internet and on social media for pedophiles and financial criminals. We have to have that same message. You have to have interaction. If you look at the case in Denver that was highlighted, you look at other cases, we see a lack of understanding by parents and guardians to what is going on, and that tool needs to be monitored. It is a powerful tool and it provides quite a bit of reach. So, that is a part of it at the local level.    Mr. Steinbach. Sir, I agree with you, the threat--first of all, is diffused, it is evolving, and so I think sometimes we focus too much on the other end versus the threat. Whether it is a complex attack, a coordinated attack such as Paris, or a more simple use of a vehicle as we saw in Jerusalem.    We need to focus on the threat and the commonality in many of these threat streams is the internet, is social media. I think it needs to start with an education. I think there is probably a little bit of a backlash from Snowden, but there is also the TV version of it, what they think is doable and how simple it is. In the reality of lawful intercept, there is a very structured process in place that is reviewed by judicial, either on the criminal side or in FISAC--in the court.    So, I think there needs to be an education piece that we are not looking to snoop where we shouldn't be allowed to snoop, but we have to have the lawful ability to intercept. Whether you are talking about a on-going criminal matter, a dangerous criminal matter, or you are talking about a terrorist communicating over the--either overseas or within the United States.    So, I think it needs to start with a public message for all of us to explain exactly what it is. Then we need to go back and provide legislative tools, much like there were with Kahlea, that apply to not just a small number of telecommunication providers, but apply to the majority of those providers who serve as communication platforms. I think that is an issue that needs to be resolved and head-on immediately.    I know from the FBI's perspective, we are engaging with the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the major city sheriffs and the chiefs, the USIC and others to explain our position and to show them very much that we are not crying wolf. This is a problem and in a closed session we can show you the numbers of how we are going dark. But it is a grave concern, and your point is right on. Without that lawful tool, we risk an attack.    Mr. Steinbach. Sir, I don't care what you call it. It is a threat to U.S. citizens here and abroad, so it is people trying to conduct violent attacks, whether you call it global extremism, al-Qaeda, AQAP, it is a threat. I am not going to--I don't care about labeling. I worry about their intent.    Mr. Steinbach. Sir----    Mr. Steinbach. If you are asking me if I consider the Muslim Brotherhood a concern, I do.    Mr. Steinbach. If you look at the founding of the Muslim Brotherhood, what it stood for, where it began, absolutely. There is, at the core, there are concerns about their ideology and their radicalization.    Mr. Steinbach. Absolutely, There are historical investigations that at the root, the individual was radicalized by Muslim Brotherhood entities. We don't focus on the group. The individual has to have an intent, and that is where we focus the effort.    Where is the radicalization come from is important for us, but it is not where I can hang my hat, and it is certainly not what I can build a case on.    Mr. Steinbach. So I will just add, sir, that, you know, social media, when you look at the volume and numbers of companies, it is hundreds of companies. So we do have direct engagement with those companies that are U.S.-based, but when you look at the totality of what the terrorist groups are using, many of these are small social media companies that reside offshore, who flaunt their lack of cooperation with law enforcement. So that is the problem.    There is a--you can go to Twitter or many other companies, but there is just a large number out there that, unfortunately, it is difficult to get our arms around. So there needs to be thought towards, how do we affect the totality of the social media platforms that are out there?    Mr. Steinbach. So we have had on-going continual dialogue. I think we have a team there now on the West Coast talking to the companies. I would say they understand our viewpoint. I don't think those companies and the individuals who work in those companies want to see bad things happen. They balance the right to privacy versus their diligence and the requirement to keep people safe.    But it is a volume thing. So it is not--they try to follow the terms of agreement, and certainly, if they see individuals violating those terms, those service agreement contracts, they shut them down. But when you are talking with that volume, it is a challenge for them. So I would say they understand our problem. We continue to work with them to get them to develop process technology to help us out. But that is just one part of it.    Mr. Steinbach. Really quickly, sir? Can I make a comment to that really quickly?    Mr. Steinbach. So I think it is important to note that the subject-matter experts, whether you are talking about organized crime or terrorism, they are subject-matter experts. They--we spend a lot of time training towards, we hire towards subject-matter experts to understand. You have to be a subject-matter expert to engage in this fight. We have robust training programs that talk about the ideology, that talk about the background and the culture, the history of the radicalization and history of terrorism. So those programs, those training programs are in place, and they are very important for my folks, and I am sure the other agencies, to work the threat.    Mr. Steinbach. Sir, I didn't say we didn't have a process in place, I said that there was a lack of databases. So, we learned our lessons with the Iraqi refugee population. We put in place a USIC-wide background and vetting process that we found to be effective.    The difference is, in Iraq, we were there on the ground collecting, so we had databases to use. The concern is in Syria, the lack of our footprint on the ground in Syria, that the databases won't have the information we need. So, it is not that we have a lack of process, it is there is a lack of information.    Mr. Steinbach. I just don't think you can go and get it. You are talking about a country that is a failed state, that is--does not have any infrastructure so to speak, so you--all of the data sets, the police, the intel services that normally you would go and seek that information don't exist.    Mr. Steinbach. Yes.    Mr. Steinbach. No, I would say that is not true. So foreign fighter travel, travel to a conflict zone in support of foreign terrorist organization, is against the law. So the FBI has the lead on that.    The question is: When you look at the broken travel, as Mr. Hurd brought up earlier, when you look at the ways to--legitimate citizens traveling abroad is not something that we choose to curtail. So if you take travel to destinations like Europe, where you can then take--Schengen--down to Turkey.    So it is more about identifying the multitude of ways that these individuals in the United States are committed to travel using good investigative processes. Are they going up to Canada? Are they going down to Mexico? How are they getting to--how are they using lawful process, lawful ways to get to these locations?    So it is not a function of not having the tools. It is--you know, they are--they have just as much creativity as we do and they have got a lot of support. So they reach out on social media, on platforms, talk to people who have done it and made it, and then follow the travel routes.    So we have got to stay on top of that and use tripwires, the intelligence community, the 17,000 State and local and travel law enforcement agencies to develop an understanding of what the landscape is.    Mr. Steinbach. We don't have it under control. Absolutely, we are doing the best we can. If I were to say that we had it under control, then I would say I know of every single individual traveling. I don't. I don't know every person there and I don't know everyone coming back. So it is not even close to being under control.    It continues to be a challenge. We have to creatively, as Frank said, think outside the box to figure out how to combat this. We spend a lot of time figuring this out, looking this over, trying to develop processes and databases, automated searches to work this problem.    Mr. Steinbach. Absolutely, ma'am. I think there are a variety of ways, both methods we can talk about in open session, as well information we can talk about behind closed doors in a Classified setting.    I think it starts to go back--we have to understand the path to radicalization and mobilization. It starts with intellectual curiosity at some point, and there are lots of community-based efforts that can be made to turn people away.    Once an individual gets to the point where he or she has an intent to conduct an attack, then it turns into an enforcement or a disruption piece. All along that spectrum, all the way through disruption, there are efforts that can be made both from a counter-radicalization narrative, both from a disruptive and an intervention perspective--and it is a multi-pronged approach that involves the State Department and the counter-messaging piece. It involves a community-based counter-radicalization piece. Of course, it involves the use of tripwires and disruption to prevent acts of terrorism. So it is a wide-spread approach that we have to utilize all of those.    Mr. Steinbach. First of all, sir, I am certainly not going to argue with Director Comey, so he is, of course, right. It is a concern. I think, quite frankly, it is irresponsible for companies to build products, have software updates that allow for no lawful capability to unlock their devices.    So to make the argument that it is on the cloud and so you don't need to have access to the device itself is disingenuous because, as we know, not all of the information is on the cloud. We have to have the ability, whether we are talking about gangsters or organized crime or terrorists, with lawful abilities, court orders to look into and take content, store communications, whether it is a child pedophile, whether it is somebody involved in narcotics trade or somebody trying to conduct a terrorist act. We have to have that ability.    So we have put this message out. I know that the director and his staff have gone out and relayed this message on numerous occasions. We have pushed it out. We have had interaction with the State, local, and Federal levels of law enforcement, as well as had direct contact with those companies and tried to explain to them through use of examples that this is a dangerous precedent to go down, to not have the ability at any means--whether it is an on-going kidnapping or some other event, not to have the ability to get in there and look at that content or that stored communication.    Mr. Steinbach. So I can't speak to specific interaction between the State Department and the Latvian government. I will tell you that Ask.fm is but one of many social media companies that we have seen in our intelligence collection efforts USIC-wide that is being used. It is just one. There are many other platforms that reside overseas that, again, like I said earlier, have shown an unwillingness to work with either our government or the host governments.    Mr. Steinbach. So the companies themselves have terms of service agreements that in many cases, violence, criminal acts, violate those terms of service agreements, and as I understand, they have got automated processes, once they see that, to take those down.    We are not looking at it from a terms of service agreement, of course. We are looking at it from the threat. So when we identify a communication, a radicalization node or some other piece that is being used, we look to, quite frankly, exploit that node and do that through lawful means, whether it is collecting the information to see what they are communicating about or to look at on-going communications.    So we have an overlapping, I guess, mission when compared to some of these companies, but at the end of the day, the result should be the same. We want to stop the communication through various social media and internet platforms.