    Chairman CHABOT. Good afternoon. This is the Committee on Small Business, and we will come to order. The topic of the hearing this afternoon is ``Overcoming Challenges to Exporting for Small Businesses.'' We want to thank our panel members for being with us here in Forest Hills for a timely and important discussion on international trade and how small businesses and small firms can benefit from increasing their global footprint.    Before we begin, I sincerely want to thank our ranking member, Grace Meng, for inviting me to be with some folks in her district and some expert witnesses here today. Grace has been a very valued member of the Committee since she joined Congress back in 2013, and we are really lucky to have her on our Committee.    We are also lucky to have the ranking member of the full Small Business Committee, Nydia Velazquez, who is also here and we have had an excellent working relationship for many years now. She has been the chair of the full Committee for a number of years, and I was her ranking member. We have worked together in a bipartisan manner, which does not always happen in Congress, but it does on this Committee. We do not agree on everything, but we actually agree on a whole lot, and with respect to small businesses, we agree with each other on most things.    Always an active participant in our Committee meetings, Grace has been a staunch advocate for small business concerns at every turn. And she works together with all the other members of the Committee really in a bipartisan fashion as well. Again, we want to thank you, Grace, for inviting us to your district today.    As a long-time member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and current chair of the Committee on Small Business, international trade has continued to be one of the topics that I am very passionate about. One of the most important functions of our Committee is to look for solutions to help entrepreneurs gain access to global markets. Very often our Committee discusses ways to grow the economy, and increase the number of jobs being created, and sell more goods stamped ``Made in the U.S.A.'' All these goals would help the American workforce, and all these goals are attainable through trade.    Simply put, trade means opportunity for small businesses. After all, 95 percent of the world's customers live outside the borders of the United States. Yet of the 28 million small businesses in America, only 1 percent of those small businesses sell their goods internationally. If we tear down trade barriers, we can make it easier for small business to participate in the global marketplace and unleash our Nation's most powerful economic force.    One of the barriers facing small businesses looking to export is confusion about how even to do it, and the maze of Federal resources only add to the confusion sometimes. The Committee recognizes that challenge and is working on solutions to better coordinate Federal resources so they are more efficient, streamlined, and better able to help entrepreneurs navigate the export process.    The importance of robust international trade for small businesses simply cannot be overstated. We must do everything we can to help them succeed, and hearings like this allow us to learn from those of you on the front lines about what works and what does not. I appreciate your taking the time to help educate us on what is faced every day by small businesses around the country, and I look forward to working with our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to keep the doors to trade open for small firms.    I might add that we also had another hearing in Ms. Velazquez's district this morning down at City Hall, and it was a very interesting hearing. And we were talking about small business manufacturers and how to reinvigorate that sector, and try to learn around the country what New York is doing right. There are an awful lot of things that are occurring right here in the small business manufacturing area that hopefully we can replicate around the country without taking jobs away of course. We want to create jobs all over the country.    At this point I would like to recognize the ranking member, Ms. Velazquez, for the purpose of making an opening statement.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady yields back. I would now like to recognize the gentlelady from this district, Ms. Meng, who is the ranking member of the Agriculture, Energy, and Trade Subcommittee, which is one of the more significant, one of the more important Subcommittees that we have on the Small Business Committee. She is a lead Democrat on the Committee.    Chairman CHABOT. Very much. Very much.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much for your statement. And I will just take a moment to kind of explain how the Committee process works here and the time rules. We operate under what is called the 5-minute rule. It is pretty simple. It means each of you get 5 minutes to testify. We will keep track. I guess, Joe, who is keeping, you got it over there? Okay.    The lighting system will be on. The yellow light will let you know you got a minute to wrap up, and the red light will come on, and that means that you have gone through your 5 minutes. We will give you a little flexibility if you need to wrap up, but, you know, try to keep it close if possible. Then we operate under the same 5-minute rule. We will ask questions. We may go into a second round if we still have more, or maybe not if you have answered our all our questions.    I would now like to yield back to Ms. Meng for the purpose of introducing our distinguished panel here this afternoon.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Okay, Mr. Castano, we will begin with you, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. I appreciate your testimony.    Ms. Corsini, you are recognized for minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    I would like to yield to Ms. Meng to ask the first questions since we are in her district.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Chairman CHABOT. Yeah, we will get to a second round if you have some more questions. I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes. I will begin with you, Ms. Corsini, if I can.    Now, you are with the SBA, the Office of International Trade. The SBA, of course, is the Small Business Administration, so you are the government. You are the entity within the Federal government that this committee has most direct oversight, interaction with, and works with. And one of the principal things that you all do is guarantee loans. You mentioned access to capital and that being a big challenge. That is one of the most important things that you all do through the 7(a) Program, and the 8(a) Program, and the 504 Loan Program, and all those types of things.    My question, again, keeping within the confines of the purpose of this hearing on international trade, of all the business in the area that you have oversight over, which you mentioned is the State of New Jersey I guess, right?    Chairman CHABOT. Plus a lot of places in New York. Of all the businesses that sell their products overseas, what percent would you say of those businesses that you all actually directly interact with in working with them on their trade deals?    Chairman CHABOT. I did not directly mean the businesses that are doing it. I meant through the lenders. The point that I am getting at, would it be accurate to say that most of the businesses that do do their trade internationally do not work necessarily through the government. They find ways of dealing with the private sector?    Chairman CHABOT. I assume it would be a very high percentage that do not go through us. They do it on their own.    Chairman CHABOT. Probably 90 or more probably do it would you say?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Mr. Castano, just for the folks that are here, anybody this might be exposed to beyond the room and the folks that are here today, could you kind of explain what a SBDC is and what they are for, that sort of thing?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Either one of you, and Ms. Meng already touched on this, but could you go through some of the most significant challenges that a small businessperson has if they decide that they do want to trade internationally? What are kind of the roadblocks? What are the things that you see that can be most frustrating to them? Either one of you that wants to answer the question.    Chairman CHABOT. Okay.    Chairman CHABOT. By ``demystify,'' you mean basically they have this idea of what it might be like, but they really do not know.    Chairman CHABOT. What you do not know is pretty scary.    Chairman CHABOT. Why deal with that at all?    Chairman CHABOT. Ms. Corsini, did you want to take a look at that?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. When we talk about SCORE, we are talking about people that are basically retired from their business and want to give back to other folks who are maybe going to start their own business up.    Chairman CHABOT. They do not have to reinvent the wheel here. Somebody else has already kind of done that, and that is who these folks are.    Chairman CHABOT. Okay, thank you. I would now recognize the gentlelady from New York, the ranking member of the Committee, Ms. Velazquez.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady from New York again, the ranking member is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back, and I yield myself for 5 minutes. Following up on a couple of things that Ranking Member Velazquez said, and I thought they probably deserve the other side at least getting, because some of our colleagues look a little differently about, for example, the Ex-Im Bank, which has been around a long time. Some of our colleagues would argue that it was corporate welfare, and that when we reformed the welfare programs for lower income folks and welfare reform under President Clinton years ago, that, we really did not touch on the big guys, so to speak. This is one of those programs.    It does affect small businesses as well, and that is what we are about here. But, large companies, for example, GE Aviation which is headquartered in my district in Cincinnati, was a big fan of this program. I can remember having many discussions where we were not on the same side on this particular issue.    Some of our colleagues would argue that if the Ex-Im Bank went away, the private sector would ultimately find ways to adequately determine what the true costs should be of loans that are being made so that they could move forward in other countries. Right now they do not have to do that because the Ex-Im Bank is there, and so it artificially changes the true atmosphere and the cost of doing business, et cetera, et cetera.    There is another point of this. The ranking member's point of view prevailed in Congress overwhelmingly, I think 300, 140 or something like that, so the program was continued, and so the funding was there. There was a period of time when nobody knew for sure how this was going to play out, and a lot of people were quite concerned about that. And a number of things were not moving forward. But it did pass, and that did happen.    The gentlelady also brought up the fact that we are talking about a pretty significant trade deal with a dozen or so of our Pacific Rim allies, and it is a very controversial agreement. Everybody is kind of looking at the United States and what are we going to do about this. Some of the major candidates on both sides have come out pretty strongly against it, including Donald Trump on the one side and Hillary Clinton on the other side, have both come out against it.    I think it could be a big deal, but certainly there are many points of view on this whole thing. I spoke at the National Press Club to the Kaufman Foundation last week. During the course of that made some comment because they had asked about trade. I said that I doubt if this is going to move forward in this Congress at this point. Maybe next time, but I am not sure about this one.    I tend to be for free trade overall personally and think that it does means jobs in both the U.S. and the other countries, it raises all boats. It helps everybody although there are some people in this country that do lose their jobs, no question about that. The argument is do we create more jobs here than we lose, and I would argue yes, but others would say no. It is a very challenging thing for us to do. TTIP is another deal that we have, and that is with Europe.    I do not want to throw a grenade out there to you all, but did you want to comment on either TPP or TTIP?    Chairman CHABOT. That is really wise. Mr. Castano, did you want to----    Chairman CHABOT. My time has just about expired, so I will yield back the balance of my time. Would either Velazquez or Ms. Meng?    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Back to Ms. Velazquez. You are recognized.    Ms. CORSINI.--my colleagues that are in other geographic areas where there is more manufacturing, obviously it is tipped a little bit heavier there than it would be here. You have small light industry in Queens. You have light industry in Brooklyn. Those areas would be serviced. But as far as, say, the larger ones, and even in northern Jersey there are manufacturers there where I have in my portfolio, the $4.5 million export working capital line of credit and things of that nature.    Here in the metropolitan area, it is a little bit different because you have these little niche industries or these little niche companies, if you will. I have had several of those in Long Island. I had one in West Chester. It was a small company, husband and wife, only with a few employees, and they got a large contract. It took them 9 months to get a bank that would approve them using our export working capital deal, and I worked closely with them. You can have a baby in 9 months, you know? So that is the challenge.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady's time has expired. I have had enough if you have all have unless you want some more, another go-round?    Chairman CHABOT. I do not mean that in a bad way.    I just mean I have run out of questions. You answered all my questions.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Well, we appreciate the panel's testimony here this afternoon. We will take back to our colleagues in Washington on our Committee and beyond that what we have learned here today, and follow up on this. Thank you very much for sharing it with us.    Trade is absolutely critical to the American economy, and that is one of the things we have tried to address this afternoon. We want to thank Ms. Meng for welcoming us to her district here today, and look forward to working with you in a bipartisan manner as we continue in the Congress.    If there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. Thank you very much.