    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you witnesses for being here.    One size does not fit all. I come from Mississippi, very close to Alabama there, Ms. Shea. And we have a rural district, and I can tell you, if you make $72,000 a year in my district, you are not the poor people, you are the rich people. That is a fact of life. $72,000 a year in my district is an extreme amount of money.    The other point I would like to make is one of the frontline managers in an entry level position, I started at $20,500 a year with McRae's many, many years ago in retail. But now our second lieutenants in our Army and the Marine Corps and our ensigns in our Navy are the frontline entry level leaders, the brightest, most committed, most dedicated members of our entire nation, and they make as a second lieutenant, in a managerial position, $34,862.40 a year in salary. They work a lot of overtime. I can tell you they do. They work 18 and 20 hour days because they are committed to this nation, and they are committed to their business, the largest, or one of the largest employers in this nation. And I know that it does not apply to them, but I am saying that is entry level, the brightest of our bright, our managers, who we are training to be the leaders in the future which is what our small businesses do.    Can you tell me, Ms. Shea, how this proposed rule will impact you on who you hire or what you have to do with your staff and your employees that you currently employ?    Mr. KELLY. Mr. Settles, either you or Mr. Brady on this. $50,000 is quite a bit of money in Mississippi to be anything below that--or above that to be salary. That is a lot of money. And quite frankly, I am also a lawyer. I do not often admit that freely, but I was a prosecutor before I came here, and there is an inordinate amount of people coming out of law school who would give anything in my area to make $50,000 a year as an attorney, as a professional with an advanced degree. Do you find that in your areas--because they are different than my region--that $50,000 is an excessive wage to bring in to say you are salaried if you make or you are hourly if you make less than $50,000?    Mr. KELLY. Thank you. I yield back the balance of my six seconds, Mr. Chairman.