    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for allowing me to go in his place.    Ms. Leonhart, how do you hold people accountable if you are not able to discipline them?    Mr. Lynch. You're not answering my question.    Basically, very briefly, because I only have a couple of minutes, how do you hold people accountable when you cannot discipline them when they do, like, OK, so we have got 15 to 20 sex parties, 15 to 20. We have got all these allegations. A lot of these agents admitted to prostitution, to soliciting prostitutes, having sex with prostitutes. We don't know their ages because there's been nothing disclosed here. We have them taking weapons. We have got foreign individuals, parts of terrorist groups complicit in this. We have got national security at risk, and you don't have the ability to discipline these people.    You know, when I came to this hearing, I thought my problem was that we weren't disciplining these people. I think the problem here, now after hearing you testify, even though you've said you were not happy, even though you said you were very disappointed--this is a prostitution ring--15 to--they are using taxpayer money to solicit and pay for prostitutes. And you're very disappointed; you're not happy. I think we're at different levels here. And I find completely vapid the Statement that we are not going to let this happen again. We're not doing anything. We're not doing anything.    We haven't--I think the problem now is we're protecting these people. That's what's happening in your agency. You're protecting the people who solicited prostitutes, who had 15 to 20 sex parties, went through this whole operation, used taxpayer money to do it and, I believe, compromised the national security. And you're not happy. You know, that's not what I would expect from your department. I really wouldn't.    I worked with DEA in Afghanistan, and those folks did a great job. And I think this is a disgrace that their reputation, I see--and they were in some dangerous, dangerous places in Afghanistan, down in Helmand Province trying to deal with the opium exportation there, doing heroic work. Those are the DEA agents that I know that worked hard and upheld the dignity of this country and worked with the local families down there, the farmers, just to try to protect them. I'm proud of those DEA agents. They're doing wonderful work on behalf of our country. And this is a blemish. You know, this is just disgraceful that they should be associated with this activity.    So I actually feel your system is protecting these people. So there's these 15 or 20 sex parties and then--and by the way, it says here sexual harassment and misconduct. It should be sexual misconduct upfront. That's what we're talking about here. This is a very serious issue, and you've done nothing. You've done nothing.    How about disclosure? If you can't even--if you can't prosecute them, if you can't bring justice to the situation, why are we stopping the inspector general from looking at this? Why do the American people do not--why do they not have the names of these individuals?    Mr. Lynch. You do? You do? You take offense that someone who runs 15 to 20 prostitution parties, abusing women gets a 3-day, 2-day, 1-day, you're offended by that? You're offended by that?    Mr. Lynch. I don't see it, though.    Mr. Lynch. How about just naming them, name and shame? How about that? You get--there was some discipline here. It's laughable. It's laughable, but you did suspend some people here with pay for--1, 2, 3--10 days. One guy got 10 days, conduct unbecoming and poor judgment.    It's just--you know what I think? You know and I appreciate the gentleman's earlier comments about we've got to give you power. I don't think that's the answer. I think there's a mentality here that needs to be extricated root and branch from the DEA operation. I think we have to have an independent agency that actually goes in that's not part of the old good ole boy network, that actually goes in and, with sunlight, with disclosure, goes after these people who--like I say, you know, when I think of the DEA agents and the jobs they're doing in Afghanistan right today, today and trying to protect the homeland, you know, this is a real--this is a disservice to those good agents.    I'll yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I'm not sure if the memo from Attorney General Holder has been admitted into evidence, but in case it hasn't, would you without----    Mr. Lynch. OK. Great.    Ms. Leonhart and Mr. Horowitz, in the Attorney General's memo for all department personnel, dated April 10, 2015, subject, ``Prohibition on Solicitation of Prostitution,'' it says that solicitation of prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking victims and a consequent increase in the number of minors and adult persons trafficked into commercial sex slavery.    Do you agree with that? Do you agree with that assessment?    Mr. Lynch. Do you agree with that?    Mr. Lynch. Yes. OK. And also in--you know, under the Department of Homeland Security regs and a couple of the statutes we have, what we're talking about here, the solicitation of prostitutes for 15 to 20 parties, is clearly within the definition of human trafficking. And--and yet the DEA is actually charged--I know that Mr. Farenthold and Mr. Gosar and myself and Mr. Issa were down in Central America recently, and that's a big part of the DEA's mission is really to combat human trafficking. And we actually give grants to the department of--to the DEA and to the FBI and to State Department as part of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act and the Violence Against Women Act. We give--we give grants to your agency to prevent human trafficking. Prevent prostitution. And yet the very people--the very departments that are getting this money, in this case, are engaging in human trafficking, and it just brings me, you know, back to the unbelievability of what has happened here. It is really--it is really unbelievable.    Under the Douglas Factors that we use in determining discipline, one of the factors is the seriousness of the offense and whether the offense is--is in direct violation of the agency policy. And the notoriety of the offense and whether that offense prohibits that individual from doing their job.    So, in this case, we have DEA agents that are still on the job that are receiving Federal grants to stop trafficking who have already engaged and admitted to trafficking, and I don't see the end of this. I don't see the end of this if we leave this situation the way it is. And so, Ms. Leonhart, you know, I wouldn't believe this would be necessary, but we may need to amend Title V. We may have to put in a provision that says that--that holds you accountable because right now you could pass it off to somebody below you. You don't have to accept responsibility, and you haven't, and that's--you know, that's clear. But if we adopted an amendment to Title V that said outrageous and/or criminal conduct in direct violation of an agency's mission would give you the ability to fire somebody, that would solve this, I think, in part. And also the failure to report because that's where this has started, where the managers at the lower levels did not report, did not kick this up the chain of command, and so we need to hold them accountable too. And there should be a provision that says refusal or failure to report an offense like this will give the agency and the government the ability to claw back pensions, claw back salary that was accepted by those individuals who were violating the law. It's a shame that we have to get to this, but, you know, I actually think that that may be where we're at right now.    I'll yield back the balance of my time.