    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Comey, thanks for coming to testify, and I just would comment that I appreciate your response. So when you use the reference ``the lens of history,'' there is a different set of values that applies today than applied back in those days. But I'm looking at our values today, and I'm watching as there is a fairly strong push here for sentencing reform in the United States. And I've watched as the President or the Administration, at least, has directed that thousands be released onto the streets before they serve their terms and that we've seen that some of them have been charged with homicide and found guilty of homicide. I think that number is around 121 or so, but I thought I saw the number 36,007 felons released and then a subsequent number.    I'm actually blurred by the parade of releases that we've seen, and now I see it appears to be a group of legislators that believe we can save us some tax dollars by releasing more onto the streets.    Are you aware of any studies that would help us quantify the impact of these releases in terms of either prospective crimes that are likely to be committed or perhaps even quantifying it in terms of the dollar value as that's suffered in great huge whopping chunks by crime victims?    Mr. King. They're very hard to find. I've searched a long ways back. I'm only going from memory. It occurs to me that in 1992 there was a Justice Department study that did quantify numerically the cost of crime, but you have any studies that show statistically whether there would be more crime or less crime that would take place because of the releases, the early releases?    Mr. King. What would be your professional estimate? I don't need a number. Would we have more crime or less crime?    Mr. King. Mandatory sentencing statistically shows to have had a positive impact on reducing the crime in the streets of America?    Mr. King. And some time back I sat down with a very impressive chief of police of one of our major cities who remarked to me about the high, the very high homicide rate in the inner city of his city, and his response was that the Black-on-Black homicide rate in that city was roughly 98 percent of the homicides that took place.    I don't know that we discuss these kind of statistics, and I'd be hopeful that we could find a way to do this and alleviate this situation that we have. I'd just say we've done into a void on this for a politically correct reason, but are you aware of any data that would reflect what I represented to you?    Mr. King. And that 98 percent number, that wouldn't be shocking to you if that were proven out to be true by a legitimate study?    Mr. King. Yes, thank you. Is there an investigation of Planned Parenthood currently taking place in the FBI?    Mr. King. Has anyone from the Administration, to your knowledge, ever sought to influence you or any of your subordinates on whether or not to investigate a crime?    Mr. King. And specifically not Planned Parenthood either would be included in that?    Mr. King. I thank you. That would be consistent with your competent, independent, and honest characteristics of the FBI. I'd just pose this question that--let me quickly go another way. USA FREEDOM Act, you're implementing it now, and do you have access to more or less information than you had before the USA FREEDOM Act was passed?    Mr. King. Okay. Do you expect more or less?    Mr. King. That would be interesting to follow up on if I had another minute, but I will yield back and thank the Chairman.