    Mr. Fitzpatrick. I thank the chairman for holding this important hearing.    Today, this subcommittee is going to hear testimony from yet another Federal agency about an investigation into improper behavior. This week, it is the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, whose own Inspector General found evidence that senior employees may have circumvented the hiring process to appoint politically connected lobbyists to high-level positions.    Furthermore, this subcommittee will be following up on the Government Accountability Office and HUD OIG reports that officials violated Federal law by asking employees to contact United States Senators to ask for their support on pending legislation.    Last Congress, it was the IRS, the Department of Justice, and most tragically, the Veterans Administration. In every case, the American people saw high-ranking officials within these agencies destroy evidence, skirt the law for their own benefit, and adhere to a personal agenda. Over the course of the testimony, I hope this committee is able to determine if this type of behavior is an isolated incident of just a few bad actors, or if it stretches across the entire senior leadership. But what concerns me more is that my constituents have come to expect this type of behavior from the Administration.    Finally, this is not a hearing about the good work HUD does for struggling families across the United States, including in my district back home in Pennsylvania. And for the great number of HUD employees who work hard and who serve, I thank them for that.    In fact, this is a hearing about behavior that has occurred at previously-mentioned Federal agencies which tarnishes the good work that many Federal employees, including those at HUD, are doing for the taxpayers. So, Mr. Chairman, I look forward to the important work of this subcommittee in the 114th Congress to hold accountable Federal agencies and Federal employees.    And I yield back.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. I thank the chairman. And as I said in my opening statement, this hearing is not about the important work that HUD does, or the need to provide adequate resources to HUD. I think we can all agree that is important. This hearing is about waste, fraud, and abuse within the agency which, hopefully, we all agree we need to get after. And, Mr. Montoya, I want to thank you for what I would describe as your great work within the agency.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. The investigations you do--we have met in my office, we have met here in public forums and hearings, and I have always found you to be very direct and very prepared. I want to go back to the issue of the Council for Large Public Housing Agencies. Was this organization ever a registered lobbying organization with the Federal Government, the Council itself?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. What was the timeframe?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. So they were registered Federal lobbyists up until 2009, then they terminated that registration?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. So you are saying that they either terminated their registration or they let it lapse and didn't renew it. Nevertheless, the individuals within the Council for Large PHAs continued with the same course of conduct. Would that be communicating with HUD and attempting to influence their policy?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Would that be acting as a lobbyist without being a federally-registered lobbyist?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. So effectively, you are saying that the Council is continuing to act as a lobbyist today.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Was Ms. Gross herself ever a federally-registered lobbyist?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. The President's Executive Order 13490 bars individuals who have been federally-registered lobbyists within the past 2 years from working in Federal agencies in the specific areas in which they lobbied. Is that correct? Is that your understanding of that--    Mr. Fitzpatrick. --Executive Order? If appears as though Ms. Henriquez and Ms. Hernandez violated this Executive Order when they hired Ms. Gross then. Is that correct?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Now, Ms. Gross was--how would you describe that relationship? Like a contracted employee? Not a direct employee of HUD, correct?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. Was she qualified to hold that position if she had applied as any American would apply to HUD for a position--as a job description, with requirements and qualifications? If she had applied directly, was she qualified to hold that position?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. So it would appear to an inquiring independent investigator that something was up here. We would call that a clue.    Mr. Fitzpatrick. On the issue of compensation, as a contracted employee was she actually compensated more than the direct position would have paid?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. As a contracted employee, was she required to file financial disclosures with the Federal Government?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. And did she do that?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. So you are saying that HUD hired a position for Deputy Assistant Secretary--    Mr. Fitzpatrick. --hired a person who wasn't qualified, paid her more than the position otherwise would have paid, and then she failed to file financial disclosure forms. Was anybody disciplined within the organization for this course of conduct?    Mr. Fitzpatrick. My time is up.