    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you having this hearing. We share the concern of Mr. Cleaver there, that if we are going to do something, we remember the rural areas. Mr. Hurt mentioned that he represents the largest rural district in Virginia. My district is almost twice the size of all the State of Virginia. I represent more dirt than anybody here. And so I just want to keep you aware that we watch for the rural piece of this.    Mr. Hernandez, you had mentioned that quite possibly there are some best practices in your agency which other agencies should come and take from you. Could you give me two or three of those?    Mr. Pearce. I am just asking for the program, not the full explanation on it.    Mr. Pearce. Okay. Any other ones, sir?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. In your testimony, on page two, you talk about Rita Fincher of Park Hills, Missouri. Do you ever track how much you invest in--and I appreciate the story you are telling here of helping someone out of homelessness--any of those projects? For instance, what was the total expenditure on that one, since you mentioned it in your testimony?    Mr. Pearce. Just roughly how much?    Mr. Pearce. Up to $20,000. Okay. And for that, what did you actually do?    Mr. Pearce. On this case. You brought it up in your testimony. So what were you actually doing?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. But you are saying in here that you got her out of homelessness. So what did you actually do? It sounds like you did more than safety. I am just trying to let you tell your story here.    Mr. Pearce. Okay. By giving her cash assistance?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. And also in your answer to one of my questions, you mentioned that your agency is constantly looking for ways to streamline. Could you give me a couple of those ways?    Mr. Pearce. Okay. Just to put it in context, you mention in your statement that in 2014 you helped 146,300 families, and 870 built their own homes. And keep in mind there are 46 million people on food stamps. So I don't know exactly how many of those are in the rural areas. But in my rural area, our average income is about $30,000, $31,000, $32,000. So we have a lot of need there.    And so when I sit here and I see that our kind of bragging point is that we helped 146,000 people, that feels like a small number, sitting up here listening. I don't mean to diminish it, but just so that you would understand.    Now, the GAO had suggested in 2010 or 2012 different changes. Have you all looked at those? And what have you done?    Mr. Pearce. Have you thought about converting your 521 program to just a voucher program?    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cleaver mentioned how long he had been on the committee. And I have been here almost the same length of time. And Mr. Hernandez, I just had to make the comment that I have heard a lot of witnesses, but I think you just outpreached the preacher. And we will watch the instant replay to see if you actually finished ahead of him. But you gave it a good run.    My question for you, sir, Mr. Hernandez, is in the whole definition of ``rural'' that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) came up with, did they approach you when they had that definition? Because my State was severely impacted. We have one county that just has one road going north and south and it is kind of a square county and the town sits right in the middle of it. So you have about 2,500 people or something in the town and about 10,000 square miles. And they put them in the same category as New York City. And so I thought that maybe wasn't slicing the pie quite well enough.    And so, Mr. Cordray and I dusted it up quite a bit. But did they ever approach you?    Mr. Pearce. Did you approach them? In defense of your customer base, did you write a letter and say hey, this is crazy? That is what I said, but you might say it in better terms.    Mr. Pearce. I guess my question is, did you try to get into that discussion? Because it was a fairly significant disadvantage into at that rural areas because they got defined completely differently.    When you describe your customer, who is your customer?    Mr. Pearce. I don't need all of the definitions. The customer is, in your mind, the one who is receiving help from you?    Mr. Pearce. Yes.    Mr. Pearce. Yes. But as a person who represents 600,000, 700,000, which we all do, I would just encourage you to pencil in to your definition of customer those people who pay the bills.    Mr. Pearce. Oh, you do?    Mr. Pearce. I haven't detected that in your testimony. I have been on your side on a lot of stuff today here. But I really think that it is a one-dimensional look. And as somebody who is just trying to find the best, most effective way to govern--    Mr. Pearce. --it is not as effective when you sit here and say that the recipient is a total consuming view that we have.    Now, my last question is--and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for indulging me through this--are there disadvantages in the programs? Have you found harm done in any of the programs where you try to help people and instead harm results?    Mr. Pearce. Let me help you out. And I will finish up with this. Because I really do think it is important for you to think about this other thing. And I think it was one of your programs. The first year I was in Congress, in 2003, we went down to Las Cruces, New Mexico, went about 40 miles south of there and gave a check to a woman. And it came from USDA, about $4,000. She had the downpayment.    About 4 years later she came up and said, if it hadn't been for you--she said, I had a home before but I was encouraged to buy a home that I could never pay for. And I only could do it because of the government guarantee, and now I have lost everything.    So just as we are running down that pathway--and I appreciate the prose that you use when you talk about your programs. But understand that there is a downside to that when we are encouraging people to do something they cannot do.    So I thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the--