    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for joining us today as we look at the JOBS Act 4 years later and examine the benefits it has brought to small companies and their ability to raise capital and grow their businesses.    As President Obama even said himself, this bill has been a game-changer for startups and for small businesses. We have seen this especially in my home district, where recent reports have said that St. Louis has the fastest-growing start-up scene in the country. This is exciting news. But as many of you have stated today, there is still more work that we can do to build on the success of the JOBS Act and in helping small businesses reach their full potential.    So in that vein, Mr. Griggs, you mentioned that--and it has been mentioned before--in the 4 years since the JOBS Act, there have been 865 IPOs with 86 percent being emerging growth companies. Can you talk a little bit, in some specifics here, about the most important steps that should be taken to build on the success?    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you very much. And my colleague, Mr. Hurt, kind of touched on things we were all looking at at the slowdown at the end of 2015, beginning of 2016, in the IPO period.    Now, you talked about market conditions being really the driving force there, but there was still demand. And you have touched on it a little bit, but can you talk about some of the regulatory impediments that are perhaps chilling the IPO market?    Mrs. Wagner. Good. Let's hope so.    I would like now to turn to the market for private financing for those companies that haven't gone public yet, which is a very important source of funding for startups and early-stage businesses.    In following up, again, my colleague, Mr. McHenry, Mr. Keating, you stated that angel investors--investment is sluggish. And you pointed to regulation and the over-regulatory burden.    Can you expand on some of the specifics of that? You mentioned it in a broad, overreaching sense, but what are those impediments, those regulatory impediments that exist regarding this kind of investment?    Mrs. Wagner. Thank you, Mr. Keating. I have run out of time here, and I would say that fourth branch of government, that over-regulatory nature that we have that has been created here, which are the regulators, the agencies, the departments, is not just here in financial services; it is overarching in many different areas across our jurisdiction. So I thank you very much.    I yield back.