    Mr.  Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Ranking Member, for your hard work and dedication to these issues throughout the efforts of the task force. Over the past five hearings, briefings, and roundtables, we have gained important insight into the threats facing our Nation, how they are funded, and the many obstacles we face in intercepting those funds.    Just last week, the chairman, my friend, Mr. Meeks, and myself had the chance to meet with officials in Europe and the Middle East to further understand these threats and those obstacles. The theme of my discussions was Iran and the $100 billion it will receive as part of this Administration's deal. Preventing those dollars from funding terror should be a major priority. The delegation visited FATF in Paris, Turkey, Qatar, and Kuwait. We got a chance to see firsthand the challenges that they face.    While I oppose this Iran deal, it should be a diplomatic priority for this Administration to reach out to those countries and others in the region to ensure that they utilize their resources, capabilities, and incentives to fully enforce their counterterrorism finance laws within their sovereign borders. But this hearing is on the challenges we face domestically. Over these past few months, we have often heard about information sharing. And increasing the information we have and use will give us a better opportunity to stop the flow of funds to terrorists. Our hearing today will focus on exactly that, the steps we can take to better ensure that we are cutting the funding to terrorists, and protecting the security of America against our enemies.    I look forward to the testimony from the witnesses before us and the opportunity to strengthen our efforts. And I look forward to working with my colleagues on this task force in a bipartisan manner to implement the ideas before us today.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr.  Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Rosenberg, in your testimony you talked about the necessity for information sharing, those obstacles that exist. When David Cohen testified last year, when he was with Treasury, he said that we are looking to do our part to improve the sharing of information by exploring changes to the rules governing information sharing among financial institutions and between financial institutions and the government. This included the flow of information from the government to financial institutions and between financial institutions themselves. Are you aware of any changes that have been made since that time? And what changes should we make to achieve this goal that would give us an increase in information?    Mr.  Pittenger. Thank you very much. As a result of the Iran deal, there are 46 banks in Iran that will be lifted in their sanctions and be able to transmit funds through the SWIFT authority. The Administration says it will impose sanctions on these banks if they continue to transfer funds for financial terror. How can the Financial Services Committee and the Congress enforce this statement made by the Administration? And what support would you give of congressional efforts to remove the Administration's waiver authority to lift sanctions from Iranian banks?    Mr. Modell, we will start with you.    Mr.  Pittenger. Dr. Shelley?    Mr.  Pittenger. Thank you.    Mr. Larkin, quickly?    Mr.  Pittenger. All right.    Ms. Rosenberg?    Mr.  Pittenger. Thank you very much.    I yield back.    Mr.  Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would just like to probe a little bit further with data integration. We have had discussions with Secretary Lu, as well as those who are involved in our border control, and find out that we have limitations in terms of data sharing there, albeit FinCEN has very sophisticated software in great capacities. We, as well, have had discussions with the major banks and how their capacities could be enhanced with closer integration with our systems. What structures would you recommend potentially with the private sector, and/or what oversight legislation or regulatory change would you recommend considering the privacy issues that would enable our data capacities to be better shared among agencies and among the private sector?    Mr. Larkin, we will start with you.    Mr.  Pittenger. Your response, Ms. Rosenberg?    Mr.  Pittenger. Thank you. How can FinCEN better track trade-based money laundering with our Customs data?    Mr.  Pittenger. Thank you.    I yield back my time.