    Mr.  Sherman. Thank you.    We can all agree on the importance of the East Asia-Pacific region. It is a diverse and dynamic region. We have seen significant progress there politically. We have seen democracy in Burma or Myanmar move forward. But keep in mind, democracy is not touted as a system that necessarily protects minority rights. And the Rohingya continue to suffer, whether it is from the military or even from some of the democratic leaders in Myanmar/Burma.    The economic progress has been more than significant. World Bank says extreme poverty in the region has dropped from 29 percent in 2002 to 4 percent in 2014.    While we all agree that the region is important, I think we are going down the wrong path because we are being war hawks about some islets that remain uninhabited to this day. That is how useless they are. And we are incredibly doves when it comes to jobs for the American people. You would think that the American Government might have lost touch with the citizens it claims to represent, which I think is obvious to anyone looking at our current political system.    Looking first at these maritime disputes, we have to be careful about how we deploy our limited resources. Pivot to Asia should mean we send a trade delegation to Tokyo to say we have got to deal with this trade deficit rather than sending aircraft carriers to defend islets for Japan that they are unwilling to defend at their own cost.    Let's look at these islets. There is no oil. If there was any oil, it is not our oil. And the countries who say that it would be their oil are unwilling to increase their defense budgets but are banking on their ability to redirect our defense budget because, while our defense budget may not increase, our allocation of it to protect their islets, which have their oil but there is no oil is their best investment.    And Japan, for example, continues to have a 1 percent GDP ceiling on what they spend for their own defense.    The chairman brings up the trade agreement, as our witnesses do in their opening statement. This is a trade agreement so manifestly against American interests that everyone running for President swears they are against it even those who may think otherwise. The American people will see this agreement become law only through chicanery and trickery like ratification during a lame-duck session.    I hope that we can put enough light on this so we not only ask candidates for President where do they stand on it, but we get a clear statement from every candidate for President will they withdraw from it if chicanery is used to ratify it during the month of December of this year.    This agreement is so terrible for American working families that it is being sold as good national security policy. Suffer for your country; your country needs you. This is terrible national security policy.    First, it is a Trojan horse for China to bring its imports into the United States, goods that are admitted to be 60 percent made in China. In reality, 80 or 90 percent made in China get fast-tracked into the United States with no supervision and no tariff, a one-way free trade agreement for China.    Second, this deal puts the U.S. Government's stamp of approval on the idea that trade agreements don't control currency manipulation. So the idea that we should be so proud that we wrote the rules, no, these are Wall Street's rules that have mutilated the American middle class. We shouldn't be proud for passing them, and oh, by the way, the one rule China wanted we wrote for them even though they didn't even have to show up for the negotiations. And the key thing, the most important part of this agreement is the part that is not in it, nothing on currency manipulation.    As to North Korea, we clearly have a problem. What worries me most is that North Korea will sell fissile material or a nuclear weapon. In 2007, Israel destroyed a nuclear facility, a nuclear bomb facility in Syria. What is less well-known is that it was all North Korean equipment and technology.    North Korea was only willing to sell technology and equipment in 2007 because they didn't have very mean weapons and they needed nuclear weapons in their own belief to defend themselves from us. They now have 12 nuclear weapons. They will be developing three a year or at least enough fissile material for three a year. I don't know whether the next one goes on eBay, but I do know that the amount North Korea would demand would exceed the resources of ISIS or any other terrorist non-state actor, but Iran and other state actors would have enough money to really interest the North Koreans.    Finally, as Washington warned us, we have to avoid the tendency of many countries to go looking for dragons to slay--funny that he used the term dragon--looking for enemies we don't need.    China has domestic political problems, so they fan nationalism over islets. We do the same thing perhaps for our own political reasons. We were told that these islets, for example, sit astride trade routes involving hundreds of billions of dollars of trade. Yes, it is all trade in and out of Chinese ports, and if China had military control of these islands, they could blockade their own ports.    So we exaggerate the importance of these islets in order to meet domestic political needs. What the Pentagon needs politically most is a worthy adversary. They don't like focusing their attention on non-uniformed, asymmetrical opponents. China offers the only hope of a worthy uniformed opponent. We don't need another opponent. We need to calm down and realize these islets are islets that remain uninhabited even though they are off the coast of the most populated continent for a reason.    And I realize that our hearing today is about the State Department and a USAID budget, but the Pentagon budget follows foreign policy or at least it should, and that is the big budget we have got to worry about.    I yield back.    Mr.  Sherman. Thank you.    Mr.  Sherman. I can't possible match the chairman's level of niceness. I will comment, however, that I have and will continue to vote for the higher levels of tax revenue that will be necessary if we are actually going to be spending the money that you have recommended to us and that you would recommend to us if the resources were available.    I see that we are providing significant aid to Myanmar/Burma. How much of that is going to help the Rohingya and other ethnic minorities?    Mr.  Sherman. I note that our aid to Vietnam will include almost $22 million to help them participate in the TPP. What will that money be spent on?    Mr.  Sherman. But if they don't get the money, are they going to be in compliance?    Mr.  Sherman. Right.    Mr.  Sherman. Will this money----    Mr.  Sherman . Be spent to help their exporters comply with standards to export to the United States or will it be spent to help our exporters import to Vietnam? How would you spend----    Mr.  Sherman . $21.75 million to help us export to Vietnam?    Mr.  Sherman. I will just point out to go to my district and say you are going to have to compete on a level playing field with 60-cent-an-hour labor, with places where if people organize unions, the party just plants drugs on them and arrests them, claims they are drug dealers, and that we have to spend $22 million in order to help them sell us stuff for 60 cents?    Mr.  Sherman. It will help--yes. And we will be dealing with the budget before we deal with TPP, so if we are not members of TPP, would this money still be spent or would you reprogram it?    Mr.  Sherman. State and DRL have declined to pursue distributing physical media such as hard drives and CDs to North Korea because of the risk to our partners. What can we do to get information and make it accessible to the people of North Korean, Mr. Russel?    Mr.  Sherman. I point out that all over the world we help people who want to risk their lives to make their countries better. Congress has said, for example, that we are going to provide weapons to the right Syrian forces, and so we don't fail to provide those weapons on the theory that whoever uses them will expose themselves to danger.    It seems like you are saying we won't provide the thumb drives in northern China to patriotic North Koreans who are willing to risk their lives and bring them into North Korea. Is there a reason why we are unwilling to help these patriotic North Koreans?    Mr.  Sherman. I hope we do thumb drives as well. Thanks.    Mr.  Sherman. Thank you.    Mr. Stivers, I see we are reducing our aid to Mongolia. Any particular reason?    Mr.  Sherman. The chairman of our full committee had field hearings in Los Angeles, as you remember, to focus on the rule of law in the Philippines and particularly the seizures of land by politically connected individuals. Mr. Russel, have you followed up on that and can you report to us that the abuses we learned about in that hearing have been at least partially addressed by the Philippine Government?    Mr.  Sherman. I hope you deal with the chairman's staff on that and see if we can be specific because there were specific items brought to our attention of that filtering.    Mr. Stivers?    Mr.  Sherman. Yes. Even if you have got land title, if armed thugs with political support can deprive you of the use of your land, force you to sell, there is a problem. But I am going to move on to another issue.    Mr. Russel, our trade deficit with Japan is enormous. It is often not talked about because it is smaller than the trade deficit we have with China. Part of the reason for that deficit is explicit, direct, open currency manipulation by the Japanese. Are we doing anything, and do you predict that next year the trade deficit will be lower than this year? So are we doing anything, and is it going to be successful in reducing the deficit?    Mr.  Sherman. But you are willing to advocate for the role of the U.S. trade representative but you won't go on the--okay. Please proceed.    Mr.  Sherman. But wait a minute. I do want--how can you possibly advocate for a trade deal on the one hand and have no opinion on currency manipulation on the other? I mean, I could see you saying you are not going to talk about trade and you are not going to talk about currency, but you are talking about currency and you are not talking about currency.    Mr.  Sherman. But your----    Mr.  Sherman . Testimony has been that this is a good trade deal for working American families, and yet you have no opinion on--I want to go on to just one last thing as my time expires, and that is we will sanctimoniously and with great hubris tell everybody in Asia that we are going to teach them about democracy, and yet you know and I know that the plan of the administration is to sneak this trade deal through the United States Congress during a lame-duck session. And I would hope that you would respond just for the record as to how it is going to undercut our ability to be an example of democracy if we use chicanery to pass the one thing through our democracy that Asian countries are looking at. They will watch us as we sneak it through in the dead of night and then next year, the State Department will be lecturing them about democracy. So I would hope you would respond for the record on that because I see my time is expired.    Mr.  Sherman. Well, if the assumptions are wrong, can you promise me that the administration will not use the lame-duck session to try to pass a trade deal that they can't pass through a democratic body in any other way?    Mr.  Sherman. Mr. Russell, if I can interrupt----    Mr.  Sherman . And reclaim my time----    Mr.  Sherman. Mr. Russel, you love this agreement so much that you are part of an administration that will use chicanery to pass it, and then you tell us that is okay because it is a really loveable agreement. That is no way to show democracy to the world. It is not----    Mr.  Sherman . Like you can use underhanded chicanery to thwart democracy but only for a really, really good purpose.    Mr.  Sherman. If we use----    Mr.  Sherman . Underhanded chicanery to pass this trade deal, which is the one most visible thing America will do in affecting the Pacific region, they will watch what we do, they will watch how we do it. And if we use chicanery to pass it and then tell them that democracy should be skirted around if you have a really good reason, then I do not think we will be effective advocates for democracy in Asia.    Mr.  Sherman. I hope we can be proud of the process through which it is submitted to Congress.    And I yield back.    Mr.  Sherman. Mr. Chairman, under the Trade Promotion Authority Act, it is the President who determines the entire schedule. He submits it, and then we have to vote on it within 90 days. I believe it is 90; it could be 60. So we have, through legislation, which I opposed, given the executive branch control of our schedule when it comes to voting on this agreement, and I fear--and I have given the administration a chance to douse those fears--that chicanery will be used in the timing of the voting on this deal.