    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, Chair Comstock and Ranking Member Lipinski, for holding this hearing.    To our witnesses, the SBIR and STTR programs have helped universities and small businesses not only in my State of Oregon but of course across the country. TomegaVax is one example, an Oregon Health Science University-based startup that's received funding from the programs. They are developing vaccines and immunotherapies for chronic and recurring viral infections and they're now based on this research recruiting the first human volunteers for a clinical trial on a promising HIV vaccine. So great programs, but I had a conversation recently with our institutions of higher education and some innovative small businesses, and a couple things came up, and I'm going to ask you about those.    First, I heard about a woman who has a Ph.D. in cancer biology, decided not to go back to work after her kids were born because science funding is complicated and tenuous. I also heard from a small business--a creative small business owner, very innovative, who said that they don't even look at the SBA for funding because application process is complicated and time-consuming. This is someone who's a patent attorney with an MBA, so if it's not user-friendly to somebody like that, the first issue is, what is being done to address the complication and the, I guess, tenuous nature of science funding in general?    The second issue that came up that I'll ask you to address is the funding gap between Phase I and Phase II, and we heard about up to 6 to 9 months can go by between Phase I and Phase II, and if it's a small business with just a couple of employees, they don't know what to do for that time, and they're really--it's really killing some efforts and what could be some very innovative products.    So I guess I'll start with Dr. Khargonekar, if you could discuss the whole process and how complicated it is and uncertain and the funding gap, please, between Phase I and Phase II. Thank you.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you.    Dr. Lauer?    Ms. Bonamici. Great. Thank you.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you.    Ms. Garton?    Ms. Bonamici. And are you sensing the same sort of discouragement that I heard from a couple of people in this conversation about it's so complicated and tenuous? And for the record, I was not in Congress when the Budget Control Act passed, not part of the sequestration and those, you know, across-the-board budget cuts, but are things getting better out there or----    Ms. Bonamici. He did. We got that message clearly in Dr. Lauer's testimony.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you.    My time is expired. I yield back. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. LaHood for five minutes.