    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Borio, as you mentioned in your opening the FDA is currently considering an application for a field trial with genetically engineered mosquitoes that would take place in the Florida Keys. Can you update us on where it stands today with your agency, and when you expect the Florida field trial to start? And I'm going to leap forward in an attempt to save a little bit of time because you know we're limited. Does the FDA have sufficient legal authority to expedite the review process for this product given the current Zika emergency? And if not, what additional authorities are needed?    Mr. Griffith. Do you have the ability since there's an emergency to truncate or eliminate the public comment before you do the field trials, particularly in light of the fact that the particular modification of the mosquito has been tested in a number of countries in tropical environments?    Mr. Griffith. In light of the concerns in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, is it possible to expand, do you have the authority to expand and maybe look at a field site not only in Florida, but also in Puerto Rico? And since you have not yet opened the public comment you're going to go through that process, have public comment there, as well?    Mr. Griffith. As I understand it, it's been a multiple year, I want to say 4 but don't hold me to that, years in getting to this point. Would they have to go through that same process in Puerto Rico, or is there some way that we could shorten that time period up extensively so the tests could be going simultaneously?    Mr. Griffith. All right, I do appreciate that.    Dr. Fauci and Dr. Frieden, you all have been involved somewhat in this with the genetically engineered mosquito. How is your agency assisting the company that's developed this novel technology? It looks like it's trials of 5,000 people, lots of mosquitoes. Looks like it's been about 90 percent effective in some of the areas it's been tried in.    Mr. Griffith. And while it could just be other factors. I do know in one situation some of the disease that they carry was knocked down substantially, but there may have been some other factor involved. It's hard to eliminate all the other factors, as well. I do appreciate that, as well.    I do think it's something we ought to look at. It's pretty exciting stuff, and it's got to be a whole lot easier to release millions of mosquitoes than it is to go door to door with pesticides. Did you have something you want to say, doctor?    Mr. Griffith. Yes.    Mr. Griffith. And I have a follow-up question for you that's off subject, but U.S. Pharmacopeia is looking at allergy injections for folks and trying to change some of those rules, and they may have some right. But have they consulted with you about that?    Mr. Griffith. Nothing to do with Zika. But since you're involved with the Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, I thought I'd ask.    Mr. Griffith. But they have not consulted----