    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the panel.    I've just got a couple of questions. Certainly, in the past, whether it was dengue fever or West Nile, the threat was there, but nothing like what we potentially have here with Zika and the link to the microcephaly. So if a woman is tested and she tests positive, I'm trying to--is there a treatment today? There isn't, so for a pregnant woman to be diagnosed with Zika is a very bad, stunningly bad day for her, her family, and the potential of which----    Mr. Collins. So here's a question. We do know, there's been some studies done that there's some women that have a history of breast cancer in their families, and some women will decide to forego the test for fear of what the test will show, especially if there may not be a treatment. So if you're a pregnant woman and there is no treatment if you test positive, there are women who just for their own sanity would opt to not be tested.    Mr. Collins. Well, I know, but----    Mr. Collins. So to lead to that, now I'm assuming the rapid tests that people are looking at are all antibody tests pretty much.    Mr. Collins. What was your----    Mr. Collins. That's correct. So I'm assuming the industry is looking at the rapid tests, are in fact antibody tests. They're not going to pick it up pre-antibody but----    Mr. Collins. I'm assuming that's what's being done.    Mr. Collins. All right. So like in HIV where you've got some false positives, there's the Western Blot that will look for P24 protein or something like that.    Mr. Collins. Is there such a protein in Zika?    Mr. Collins. But I was hearing from GAO or others that some of these confirmatory tests, they are not widely available.    Mr. Collins. So now one last question in the last few seconds. If somebody has antibody, they progress to that state, they do a PCR test. Wouldn't the PCR test still identify the----    Mr. Collins. Interesting. All right. Well, thank you for that update, especially on what we ultimately need is--I mean, if there's possibly some treatment if someone tests positive. Appreciate the information.    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the panel as well. Maybe following up on Ms. Castor's comments.    I think what a lot of us are worried about is there is no vaccine, and if somebody does test positive there's no treatment, and it's somewhat disturbing but Dr. Sheffield, that some women would even choose to terminate the pregnancy. But picking up on that, education to me, because we're not going to have a vaccine tomorrow or next week, and we'll have better diagnostics before we're going to have vaccines and treatments. So I'm thinking education, guidelines, pamphlet, with a sense of urgency into the physicians' offices. I don't know how many typical doctors right now have this information in their waiting room, but a lot of times we think we're invincible, from what I'm hearing. So a couple of questions: do we have even an idea, a 25-year old woman who--she's got 15 years or longer to be in her childbearing years. How long if she's infected, so she gets the Zika virus, she's not pregnant. She waits X period of time. Is that 1 year, 2 years, 10 years, never? Do we have any idea?    Mr. Collins. Yes, but what I'm getting at is, OK, she's tested positive. She's not pregnant. How long would a woman who knows she's had the Zika virus, she was infected. Should she wait to consider having children? Is it never, or is it 1 or 2 years? Do we have any guidelines in that area?    Mr. Collins. So even though someone may be antibody positive, the virus, like you're saying with dengue, has cleared the bloodstream. You're saying then at that point it's to the best of your knowledge they would no longer be infecting a fetus?    Mr. Collins. That's very good news, actually, if there's such a thing as good news here.    Mr. Collins. Yes. But if it clears, which is the difference in HIV and some others, because it doesn't clear. Yes, sir?    Mr. Collins. So if there is one absolute, I'm assuming the one absolute is a pregnant woman should not travel to those areas, because you're saying they could be third trimester and we don't know. So would that at least be a fair absolute; you're pregnant. You just stay away?    Mr. Collins. Well, sometimes you need absolutes.    Mr. Collins. That would be a nightmare.    Mr. Collins. Total nightmare.    Mr. Collins. But thank you for your testimony. This education is absolutely critical for us, as well as the public. And I want to thank the Chairman for holding this hearing, and thank the witnesses for your testimony. I yield back.