    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I, too, want to welcome the panel of distinguished witnesses, the first panel.    I have a question for Congressman Pierluisi. Some pro-statehood advocates in Puerto Rico argue that Puerto Rico already voted for statehood in 2012, and should not have to vote again. You have pointed out the following: when Alaska and Hawaii were territories, they each held votes sponsored by the local government in which voters expressed a desire for statehood. Ultimately, Congress approved an Admission Act for Alaska in July 1958, and an Admission Act for Hawaii in March 1959. Those Acts of Congress provided for admission to occur once a majority of voters affirmed in a federally-sponsored vote that they desired statehood.    So you are essentially proposing the same procedure for Puerto Rico as was used in Alaska and Hawaii, right?    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I too want to welcome the panel of very distinguished public servants. I see Governor Romero, who was a colleague of my dad when they served together as Governors of American Samoa and Puerto Rico, respectively; Governor Luis Fortuno, a former Member of this body and a colleague on the RNC. Warm welcome to all of you.    When I spoke in this committee room at a hearing earlier this year, I used the term ``colonialism by another name.'' Well, a three-judge panel gave it another name: ``Cultural imperialism.'' That Federal court of appeals just rejected the argument lawyers made in a case claiming the national citizenship clause in the Constitution applies in American Samoa and all other unincorporated U.S. territories.    So once again, the courts have confirmed that U.S. nationals in American Samoa and U.S. nationals from Puerto Rico and the three other unincorporated territories are required to relocate to a state of the Union to secure full and equal rights and duties of U.S. citizenship. That means full and equal rights of national citizenship, including the fundamental right of government by consent through voting rights in the Federal elections are guaranteed only through citizenship in a state, rather than a territory.    So, for residents of all five unincorporated territories who don't move to a state, the status of a U.S. national in American Samoa and a U.S. citizen in a territory is constitutionally the same, with only those rights under the Constitution and Federal law confirmed by Congress and Federal statutes enacted under the territorial power.    I have a question for Governor Fortuno. Given the predicament for the territories and for Congress due to the twisted saga of unincorporated territory status, do you agree that the best path forward is for Congress to support self-determination for each territory, based on status options that are legally valid, politically feasible, and compatible with the freely expressed wishes of a majority in votes held whenever each territory decides to seek a change of status?    Also, would you care to comment on the consistent Federal court rulings that confirm full and equal rights of U.S. national citizenship that include that Federal voting rights are attainable only through state citizenship, and what it means for those citizens in Puerto Rico who democratically have expressed a desire for new status with equal rights of national citizenship that includes Federal voting rights?    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.