    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, panel, for being here today.    FERPA was changed under the leadership of Secretary Duncan, allowing anyone that has even a mild interest in education to see personal records. Would you support the elimination of access by third-party vendors? And that is for whoever would like to take that on.    Mr. Russell. Okay. As a follow on to that, you know, Mr. Reidenberg, you have correctly pointed out in your previous comments about these unique identifiers that are attached that never go away. They are attached to personal level student data. It follows the data no matter where it goes. So disaggregated data is really a myth. So how do you protect that?    And then you are also willing to give it to third-party vendors, because it is all for the children. Well what about the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States that says we have a right to privacy of our papers? What do we do with that? And I would like to hear someone from the panel address those issues.    Mr. Russell. Well, and to that point--and I agree with that. But take the Federal government, for example. They are asking for data from states to fill out such initiatives as the prevention and intervention programs for at-risk youth. They provide grants for the SLDS, the longitudinal data system. Do you think that data from the National Assessment Educational--you know, NAP, do you think that would provide the very things that they are asking for with less specificity on individual students? Why does the Federal government need to drill down to that level?    Mr. Russell. Well, and I appreciates that. And my last question, I mean, if FERPA no longer protects personal student data and we can give no assurances that we can't reverse engineer and find privacy factors, and yet we are still willing to give it to third parties, what makes any of you on the panel believe that the Federal government has a right to do that instead of states?    Local schools, local communities owned by their school boards, their parents, their teachers. Sure, we all accept that.    What gives the Federal government this right that none of you today by your statements, you realize that there are ways around all of this and it can be breached. So why should the--    Mr. Russell. That would be great if I could. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.