    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for allowing me to participate in this subcommittee. Appreciate it and thanks for holding the hearing.    The Zika outbreak like global issues especially pressing in Florida and other Gulf States given that these locations are vulnerable to the spread of Zika. In Florida we already have two cases in Hillsborough County, one of the counties that I represent.    A question for Dr. Borio. You mentioned innovation strategies being proposed to help suppress virus-carrying mosquitoes. It is my understanding that FDA is currently considering an application for a field trial with genetically engineered mosquitoes in Florida. The question is, could you update us on where the field trial application stands today, and when the earliest starting date could be?    Mr. Bilirakis. Well, give me an estimate.    Mr. Bilirakis. Well, I'm sure there's a great deal of interest based on what my constituents tell me.    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. Next question. You mention FDA's emergency use of authorization referencing diagnostic tests. Would FDA be able to use an emergency use authorization to advance the use of this technology should the Secretary declare a public health emergency? So if you can answer that question.    Mr. Bilirakis. OK, next question. Are there other innovative products or strategies being proposed that you're aware of, and able to discuss at this time?    Mr. Bilirakis. Please, please, please.    Mr. Bilirakis. Anyone else wish to comment on this? Thank you.    Right now there are three tests I understand for detecting Zika during different stages of infection. It is my understanding that Florida and a few other jurisdictions are able to utilize the RT PCR test to detect infection. However, given that those who are infected often don't show symptoms, it seems crucial that we are able to disseminate diagnostic capabilities such as the antibody testing to state and local authorities. So what hurdles do we face in increasing access to these diagnostic tests nationwide?    Mr. Bilirakis. Yes, go ahead.    Mr. Bilirakis. All right. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it. I yield back.