    Ms.  Shelley. Thank you. It is a great honor to be here and address this task force. I think we need to broaden our concept away from terrorist financing and focus on the concept of the business of terrorism. Why do I believe this? Terrorism financing looks at what has been done and is being done to fund a terrorist organization. It is reactive, rather than proactive. But terrorist groups function like multinational businesses and are always looking for future opportunities to stay in business. Therefore, the business of terrorism examines more broadly the way terrorists generate funds and solicit personnel for future activity, just as we have seen with ISIS and its sophisticated recruiting schemes. The business of terrorism looks at marketing strategies, targets of opportunity, and other methods that they use. And terrorist financing fails to address the fact that terrorists are acting like businesspeople and need to be countered as business competitors. That is why it is very useful to partner much more with the business community, as I will be talking about.    Almost all terrorism these days is funded by crime, although much of transnational crime remains independent of terrorism. Therefore, we need to stop stovepiping the separate responses to crime and terrorism and to analyze them together and have countermeasures that work in this way. This is being done successfully by the New York and Los Angeles Police Departments, integrating local efforts with Federal efforts. And it needs to be expanded to other jurisdictions. We need to focus more on the drug trade and concentrate not only on the drug trade but concentrate on the smaller scale illicit trade that supports so much terrorism in the United States, Europe, and North Africa. One of the Kouachi brothers responsible for the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris traded in counterfeit Nikes and cigarettes. Similar crime is found as crucial support to terrorists by NYPD.    Terrorists use corruption to execute their business activities just as organized crime always has. Therefore, we need to integrate analyses of corruption into crime and terror analyses. Public-private partnerships are key in addressing the business of terrorism. Businesses have insights on how to combat business competitors. And these insights need to be shared with governmental personnel who have less experience with business. And I also give illustrations in my written testimony of concrete examples of successes. And I am sure we will hear more about this in the cyber area. We can hear about this in the energy sector.    And we need to collect intelligence on terrorist financing derived from diverted and counterfeit examples of commodities. But I should also add that I think we need to also be focusing on money laundering by terrorist groups into the real estate sector. We have a hole in the PATRIOT Act in reference to real estate. And I believe it is being exploited not just generally but even in the Washington, D.C. area, talking to real estate agents. So I think that this is an area that needs much more focus.    What do we need to be doing? We need to be focusing on terrorist business rather than just financing, looking at trade and products, targets of opportunity, use of technology, as we are going to hear, and recruitment of personnel. We need to establish working and advisory groups with sectors of the business community whose products are likely targets of terrorists. I know there have been good working relationships with the technology sector, but not as much with those in manufacturing goods, pharmaceuticals, cigarettes, and oil, that need to be integrated into this. As I mentioned previously, we need to be using terrorists or antiterrorist models based on LAPD and NYPD. And we need to develop more controls over crypto currencies such as bitcoin and many other emerging Web-based currencies that are hard to trace and are key to the financing and the trade of terrorists that is going on both in the real and the virtual world. Thank you.    Ms.  Shelley. I would also add that I think we need to have more funding of research. Just as Mr. Larkin was talking about having graduate students at CERT and how helpful this is, I think to help locate some of these new areas of financing, we need analysis.    To give an example, on ISIS, working with my former graduate students, I had the identification of Captagon, which is a drug that is produced synthetically in the Middle East, and seems to be used extensively as a funding source for terrorism, but is not cropping up in our research and analysis. So part of this is we need to have financial support and authorization in different government agencies to help fund cross-national research in this area that allows us to see things that other people are not identifying.    Ms.  Shelley. The problem that you are describing with ISIL is in large part a problem of trade-based money laundering and fundraising. And I think there are things that can be done other than military action. For example, the Captagon trade, which is being taxed and has become a much more important revenue source according to colleagues in the Middle East, has precursor chemicals. And we could be following much more in cutting off some of the precursor chemicals that are leading to this production.    We could be working with some of the problems of corruption that have been identified in Kurdish Iraq that have helped move the oil into Iraq. We could be working more in Turkey trying to follow the initial financial flows. So there are things that business does, an analysis of what is going on in anomalies in their market that would be extremely helpful in trying to identify and target their opportunities.    Ms.  Shelley. I don't have Mr. Modell's specialization on this. But I will add that there is another component other than foundations and their use that he enumerated, which is the problem of Iranian involvement in criminal activity, such as trafficking in women to Turkey as a way of generating funds. This has been written about and researched in Turkey. So what we are looking at is not just an overt network, but a criminal network that will be generating funds that needs to be watched of how that money moves and how it integrates with the financial system.    Ms.  Waters. Thank you very much.    I wish we had a lot more time to talk about the agreement in Iran because it has been stated so many times that when we lift the sanctions, over $100 billion will be available to Iran. And some say that much of that would be used for terrorist activities, et cetera.    However, I think I better go to Dr. Louise Shelley. In your prepared remarks, you wrote that the New York and Los Angeles Police Departments are particularly effective at following the money connected to terrorism. And you suggest that the model they employ where resources for combatting crime and terrorism are shared could be replicated across the country. That is very impressive. And since I am from Los Angeles, I would like to get a sense of how that works. And what kind of systems do they have to track the financing of terrorism?    Ms.  Shelley. Thank you for this very good question. In my book, ``Dirty Entanglements: Corruption, Crime, and Terrorism,'' I provide an illustration and quite significant detail of how the joint activities between the crime and analytical branch of the police and the terrorism branch are coordinated so that literally the police are going out and doing their undercover work, undercover work on the crime. And that often leads to hints of terrorist activity. And then they have regular meetings where they integrate their observations and their insights from their informants with Federal law enforcement.    So, in this remarkable case, they found a linkage between a Chechen funding cell that was working with an Armenian organized crime group through a front charity that was shipping hundreds of cars out of Los Angeles to raise money that were going back to support Chechens in the attack in Beslan that killed hundreds of children and family members. And recently we had a joint French-American meeting, which we called Track 1\1/2\ Diplomacy, and we had a presenter from LAPD present to this group because the French have had so many tragedies lately by not having this integrated analysis. And they thought this was one of the best lessons learned and hoped to bring this over to inform the French government soon.    Ms.  Waters. So given that information and that fine example that you just shared with us, can you see any possibility of Federal legislation that would incentivize or inspire police departments across the country to develop those kind of integrated systems where they would have those working on crime talking with those working on terrorism, sharing that information, and making it work to be able to identify money laundering and terrorism, et cetera? Do you have any thoughts about possible legislation that could help?    Ms.  Shelley. I think that is your bailiwick is to come up with the legislation. But that is exactly why I wanted to bring it to your attention so that there would be efforts made in this. Thank you.    Ms.  Shelley. Yes. I would be happy to.    I see that in many areas, what I would call emerging areas of terrorist financing such as wildlife, our research is showing that the trade in this is going through key facilitators, some of whom are linked to terrorist organizations.    But we have such a segmentation of the way we are looking at drug issues, illicit wildlife trade, trafficking in animals, movement of money, that we are not coordinating and seeing that the same networks are doing them. And then, we are are not targeting the individuals who are doing this properly in terms of denying them visas to the United States, denying them access to American financial institutions and, particularly, American real estate.    And so we are much better with looking at banks and looking at financial institutions, but many of the areas of trade that intersect with this have links to the United States, and our institutions are not working together to help cut this off.    Ms.  Shelley. I am not sure that it is necessarily a failure to pass information. I think it is a failure to have adequate coordination among different branches of the U.S. Government that never thought that they were dealing with the same crime and terrorist networks so that you do not have the enforcement arm of Fish and Wildlife working in the past with DEA, working with the Defense Department.    And so it is not so much a problem in this case that I have given you of lack of information--of technology, but of absence of coordination within our structures.    And as the point has been--and I have tried to make is that we also have linked it between this trade-based money laundering that is funding terrorism and our own economy. And we are also not making those connections either.    Ms.  Shelley. I would be delighted to.    What you can do to move this money is that you can set up a company, and then you have the money moved from overseas into the front company that is going to buy the real estate for you. And then you buy this piece of real estate that is quite expensive. I believe this happened in the house next to me. And nobody ever commented on this buyer. He was buying massive amounts of real estate in Washington, and nobody had to report this. It was a person of, I want to say, but from the Middle East, whom if you did a search on Google, you would find him linked to many charities that are marked by our law enforcement community and intelligence community.    And so you could move this money through a front company very easily. I have had real estate agents telling me the things that are going on in Georgetown where money has moved out of Yemen and some of the purchasers are even dead people who have been buying property. I brought this to the attention of people in Treasury, and no one ever went and followed up with these real estate agents to find out what these anomalies were in our financial markets.    Ms.  Shelley. That is absolutely an essential part of it. And I think we have to tighten up the requirements on the real estate community. We have to have seminars. We have to have much more responsibility because from what I have been observing, it seems to be a central target. Just as we are having many corrupt officials, many transnational criminals moving money into real estate, a piece of this seems to be supporting terrorist groups as well.    Ms.  Shelley. Exactly.    Ms.  Shelley. Yes.    Ms.  Shelley. I think that the laundering of money is significant, and I wanted to add that there has been money traced through from the car industry, the used car industry, into our financial system, and this is a very significant amount of money, probably estimated at least $100 million and probably a multiple of that linked to just that element of terrorist financing. So we have a lot more that we could be doing looking at this trade-based money laundering and how it turns up in our financial system.    Ms.  Shelley. I think that is a great question. I think we have to do a lot of very careful analysis and make sure that we are not throwing the baby out with the bath water. And so--    Ms.  Shelley. In the past, we have done some superb--Treasury has done some superb analysis on when remittances are not being used for their intended purposes. That is that people are generating too many remittances based on their income, which leads to a geographic targeting order. And that is why I put this emphasis on research and analysis in that if a few individuals are sending $400 a month, that should not be restricted. But if you are finding that there are nodes that are being abused where people are sending much, much more and that can be identified, then you have a problem, but it is not that hard to identify.    Ms.  Shelley. I am not as concerned about the individuals being trustworthy, but much of what goes on behind illicit finance are facilitators. And so we need to be focusing on the facilitators, and when we see that they are being abused and go after them rather than the small fry who are sending their money.    Ms.  Shelley. Well, thank you for your kind words, but they also captured my enormous concern on this issue. And I am very thankful for the support that is here, I got from the Andrew Carnegie Foundation, to go out and be a public intellectual on these issues and write more on this.    I cannot think of a more burning issue than the need to get out of this stovepipe way of thinking about it, and we have, all of us contributing to this discussion, where Mr. Modell was talking about Hezbollah and its involvement in the Captagon and the drug trade, and Mr. Larkin, what they are doing on the computers. And there is a whole thing that we haven't mentioned much today of the dark Web in which we cannot even be following very easily, except through undercover law enforcement, what is going on in this illicit trade in the virtual world, which is something that you need to be looking at much more in the future.    But I think we need a reconceptualization of this, and any advice or support that I can provide or way we can work together to change this mindset is of paramount need for our country.    Ms.  Shelley. I think a it is a huge amount, particularly in the Middle East. As I say, it's a cultural tradition that goes back thousands of years. You go back to Hammurabi's Code in Mesopotamia, and they were already dealing with fences and how to prevent illicit trade through stolen goods.    And so, particularly in that environment, we are dealing with trade issues, and that is the financing core of it. But what we haven't also talked about is how some of this massive illicit trade that we have in illicit markets in Europe is being used to help fund people's passage to help join ISIS, and also the money that they are bringing with them. It is a global illicit trade.    Ms.  Shelley. Or ivory tusks.    Ms.  Shelley. I couldn't agree with you more. The Overseas Security Advisory Council (OSAC) at the State Department has helped them. I think we need that in this area as well with many, many corporations feeding in information and sharing and giving insights.    Ms.  Shelley. I think that they could help take the model that has been developed in New York and Los Angeles--that face so many threats and have had so few acts of terrorism--and put this together and have lessons learned, handbooks that we would do, and generally a much greater operational effort to change the culture in many urban areas and regions of the United States.