    Ms. Lofgren. Well, thank you. This has been very interesting, and I appreciate the insight shared by all the witnesses to the Committee.    You know, I think that we are in for a very tough time, actually long term, in trying to reconcile very different approaches to freedom, essentially. If you take a look at what the European Court of Justice did, they basically said that the 2000 Commission had erred by failing to take into account the interaction of U.S. domestic law and U.S. international policy and the framework; in other words, it didn't take in the whole picture, and it's going to allow the data protection agencies in each country to investigate violations. Well, where does that lead us?    I mean, you've got a situation in Europe, and I--as Ms. DelBene mentioned, many of us meet with the parliamentarians from Europe, who feel that their decision on right to be forgotten is extremely important to them and very valuable. And when you get into it with them, you say--I mean, recently, an agency in France ruled that links in content removed under their right to be forgotten has to be removed worldwide. And when you talk to them about, Hey, we have a First Amendment. Even if we agreed with you, we can't agree with you. I mean, we can't allow elimination of First Amendment rights.    So when you talk about data, I think it's--it depends on which kind of data you're talking about. I mean, if you have a database that is the product of the health study, and it's completely owned by, you know, a university, it's possible to control the sharing of that data in a very different way than a posting on Facebook. You know, I think we're looking--we're looking down the road at some very severe--and I'm not sure how we get to a situation that's going to be suitable. But getting to that, I'm wondering--you know, Mr. Black, you mentioned the right to be forgotten and others have talked about it, is a major barrier to data flow. How do you see this ending up when you've got the First Amendment that protects Americans' right to free speech, and a Europe that has no equivalent respect for speech, but has an equivalent right to--to sensor? How are we going to resolve this?    Ms. Lofgren. Right.    Ms. Lofgren. Well, what I see, I mean, going--I'm sorry Mr. Marino had to leave, but we have Safe Harbors in the DMCA, and we have section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. We have some provisions that is would allow the Internet to flourish. They don't have that in Europe. And so I think that's part of the reason why they don't have an Internet economy. They have crippled their tech sector in that way and maybe a few others.    And to think that you can control the flow of data and have an Internet, that's not how the Internet works. So I--I think that we have a fundamental misunderstanding with some of our colleagues in parliaments across the world. That's not to say there aren't countries that are just using this as an excuse. I mean, you take a look at countries that want to have localized data; Russia, China, Turkey, these are not companies that--countries that are, you know, wallowing in free speech. They have a different agenda.    I just want to make one final comment on--or maybe even a question, on copyright. Because, you know, we've also got a problem there, and it's a crossover with free speech. We recently had a situation where European book publishers are saying that you can't actually index their books, and that if you index their books, there would be an index tax. Which is--I remember when people wanted to do an email tax. That's not going to happen. And so I've been telling the parliamentarians, if they look ahead in Europe, they're going to be like China, because we're going to have to cut them off, because we're not going to lose our freedom because they don't value theirs.    Do you see it going in that direction?    Ms. Lofgren. Mr. Chairman, could I just have 1 second more to make a comment?    When Spain said you can't link to news articles, and Google just withdrew, and then none of the newspapers could find readers. So I think to some extent, there's a role for the government to play, but I think, also, companies are going to have to take actions themselves, because they can't live with some of these rules. And I think when the European public can't actually access information, there's going to be reaction among the public themselves.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.