    Mr. Allgeier. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, and Members of the Subcommittee for allowing me to participate in today's hearing.    The global economy today is in the midst of two revolutions that are inextricably linked: The digital revolution and the services revolution. And the United States is in the best position to define the courses of these revolutions, and to benefit from them if we follow appropriate policies, especially in international trade.    Now, the services revolution is evident from the fact that service is, by far, the largest source of jobs, of GDP, and of job growth. And more importantly, they are the enablers of all other sectors of the economy, including manufacturing, agriculture, and energy.    At the center of the service's revolution, however, is the second revolution, the digital revolution. And all services, indeed, all parts of the economy, depend upon digital communication within their own businesses, with their customers, and with their suppliers. And the Internet, of course, is emblematic of the digital revolution. This revolution has enabled services to be delivered digitally across borders to a degree that was unimaginable two decades ago. But, the international rules and provisions governing trade and services and digital trade have not kept up with these developments. So they urgently need to be updated and brought into line with the realities of a digitally-connected world.    Now, as a number of the members already have said, many countries do not share our entrepreneurial and technological aptitudes and seek to get advantage by imposing legal restrictions on the ability of a firm to manage and move its own data across borders, or they impose requirements to store data on local servers. A common measure by such countries is for the government to require that foreign firms establish facilities for storing and processing their data in the jurisdiction that they are serving.    This tendency is particularly pronounced in regulated sectors such as banking, insurance, and telecommunications.    These localization requirements essentially make cloud computing services impossible. Examples of local data storage and processing requirements abound, just, for example, in Greece, in China, in India, in Russia, in Indonesia, and in Malaysia.    So it is essential that our government oppose attempts, in all sectors, to impose localization requirements on local businesses. The opportunity to do so lies in the various trade negotiations that are occurring now. The Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, the Trade in Services Agreement in Geneva, and also work in the World Trade Organization.    These negotiations should set the standards for digital trade by, one, ensuring parties can transfer, access, process and store data across borders; two, prohibiting parties from requiring the establishment or use of local servers; three, ensuring nondiscriminatory treatment of digital products and services from other parties; and four, allowing parties to regulate cross-border data flows for legitimate policy reasons, but only within the accepted standards that are included in the World Trade Organization in the GATS, the General Agreement on Trade in Services.    So how are we doing with respect to using these trade agreements? The TPP has made important progress in advancing the objective of freedom for cross-border data flows and prohibitions on localization requirements. However, it includes one very disturbing exception to the prohibition on localization requirements, and that is that financial services, including banking and insurance, are excluded from the localization prohibition. Every other business has that prohibition in this agreement. But most disturbing is that this exception was at the insistence of the U.S. Government, and this misguided position gives our trading partners the perfect political argument to impose such requirements on our businesses.    What we need to do, in addition to fixing that, is to ensure that we don't repeat that mistake in the negotiations that are taking place elsewhere in the transatlantic negotiations, and in the Trade in Services Agreement.    I'll just make one point about Safe Harbor, because that also is something that is extremely important. Everybody knows that that decision was just handed down by the Court of Justice in Europe. Our member companies are very eager to work with the Congress and the Administration to find a solution that preserves our companies' ability to move data across the Atlantic, but with appropriate respect for individuals' privacy.    So thank you, Mr. Chairman and members. We very much appreciate the opportunity to be part of this today, and congratulate you on the attention that you are paying to this issue. It's extremely important to the service industry, but also to the economy more broadly. Thank you.    Mr. Allgeier. Well, our understanding, from having met with various agencies in the U.S. Government, is that the Treasury Department wants to maintain the flexibility that sometime in the future, it might want to impose a localization requirement. We do not understand that because the issue is, will data be made available for prudential reasons, security, for law enforcement. And in this world, it doesn't matter where the data is. You can get it instantaneously, as you know.    Mr. Allgeier. Well, that certainly does add an element of additional cost to the operation, and so in that sense, they're not happy--wouldn't be happy about that.    Mr. Allgeier. Well, certainly, it is an improvement in the sense that it's limited. But I guess the question again I say is, first of all, these businesses, insurance and banking, are highly regulated. If they don't provide the data, they can lose their license, and so----    Mr. Allgeier. Well, they have to make it available. The question is if the server is in Singapore and the IRS or the Fed or anybody else comes and says I want this data, how long does it take them to get it from Singapore? It doesn't take them any faster----    Mr. Allgeier. Well, there is a structure in place already in the WTO, the World Trade Organization, and the agreement there on trade and services. And what it says explicitly is that governments may put in various restrictions on data to achieve certain ends.    And one of them, specifically, is to protect the privacy of individuals in the processing and dissemination of personal data. And so, all of the countries are obliged to recognize that. And so, if a country does put in place certain privacy rules, that's legitimate.    Mr. Allgeier. No. Thank you very much.    What we find, of course, is that the digital technology has opened the world to small businesses. I mean, in the past, let's say a small business wanted to go overseas, well you'd have to find an agent, and you'd have to have a presence overseas. Now you put your product up on the Internet, whether it's a good or a service, and it's called random exporting. You don't know whether your next customer is coming from Boise, Idaho, or Bangladesh.    And then with the combination of express delivery and electronic payments, you're in the international market. And so it's extremely important that the movement of data remain open, and that people be able to have access to the Internet, and particularly small businesses or people in poor areas.    Mr. Allgeier. Well, thank you very much.    Yes, it is very important for all of our companies, because they're all dealing with cross-border data flows, that there be a successor to the now invalidated Safe Harbor. And I think it goes a lot back to what Rob Atkinson was saying, is that there's going to have to be a workable way of recognizing some of the differences in privacy laws, but also make it viable for companies to actually comply with it without making it completely chaotic.    I'm not a lawyer, so I don't have specific suggestions on how do we work that, but I think that--as Victoria said, that once there is a successor, there needs to be sufficient time for companies to come into compliance.    So I think there should be a recognition that, all right, if we've reached agreement, we leave the existing system in place for a reasonable period of time. And then these 4,000 companies--and some of them are small companies, a lot of them are--need time to then show that they can meet the new requirements of Safe Harbor 2.0, or whatever it's called.    Mr. Allgeier. I thought your metaphor was very interesting, because the free trade zone, as you say, the products are in there and you can do all sorts of things with them. But once they leave that zone, they are subject to whatever the duties are and the regulations are of the markets they are going into. So I don't know if it's perfect, but in a sense, the cloud is where it resides, and then only when it leaves the cloud for a particular reason does it become subject to, well, whatever the jurisdiction is of whatever is being used. It's an interesting thought.    Mr. Allgeier. Thank you very much. Well, these issues that we've been talking about, cross-border data flows, localization, open Internet, and so forth, should be subject to rules that are multi-lateral, and the place normally to do that would be the World Trade Organization.    The World Trade Organization is not operating at this point in a way that we can do that. And so our second best alternative is to get these issues right in each of the negotiations that we're undertaking, whether it's the TPP, the one with Europe, the one on services, bilateral investment treaties with China. At least try to get a cohesive and right approach in all of those to create de facto the template. The advantage of the WTO, if we can get it there, is that there is dispute settlement. It's legally binding, and so, for example, if there's a dispute about whether somebody is using a--a health reason or a prudential reason for protectionism, you can at least battle it out within a legal framework there.    So I think that's what we should ultimately be looking for, but in the meantime, we need to get it right in the other negotiations.