    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you Ranking Member Scott and Secretary King. I thank you for joining the committee again and congratulations.    I am very proud of the work that was done to get the Every Student Succeeds Act passed into law. The reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act was long overdue and we owe it to our students and families around this country to update this important legislation. And now as we work toward implementing the act, I believe it is appropriate for us as members of Congress to monitor its progress, but I am absolutely opposed to efforts to undermine the Department of Education and the spirit of the law. We had our chance to write the law and now we should let the process move forward. Additionally, the Federal Government has an appropriate role in education policy and I believe that the Department will move it forward to fully realize it.    In States like my State, North Carolina, Federal policies are essential to protect our students from a number of State policies that in my opinion are ruining a State that has once been a leader in education. Since Republicans took over the General Assembly, we have passed a number of bills and I was there during the time that in my opinion would dismantle public education and that has been some of what I have seen.    We need to value our educators more and we have some questions in North Carolina about whether or not we do that. We pay them less than the national average and we are ranked as one of the worst States in per pupil spending and so provisions like supplement not supplant are really imperative. So without it I am sure that North Carolina might make even deeper cuts to education and we are very concerned about that.    If you can just expand a little more on the importance of Federal funds being used to supplement instead of supplant State funds, I would appreciate that.    Ms. Adams. Yeah, thanks. So oftentimes students attending Title I schools are students of color. These same students also make up consistently underperforming subgroups. And so having said that, do you truly believe that allowing States to choose how to determine the success of subgroups will actually result in the improvement of subgroup outcomes?    Ms. Adams. So thinking about these same subgroups of students without requiring specific summative ratings, how will we hold schools accountable for improved outcomes for our lowest performing students?    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.