    Mrs. Blackburn. I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for yielding. We are appreciative of the Commissioner's time in coming here before us this morning. There are concerns, as you have heard from some of the policies that you have moved forward with, net neutrality, municipal broadband. The actions that were taken in North Carolina and Tennessee in muni broadband were so radical that even DOJ didn't support what you were doing.    We also have concerns pertaining to AllVid and lessening of the protections that are there for patent holders and copyrights.    So, lots to discuss today. So, we thank you for your time and your preparation in being here. And I yield to Mr. Cramer.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I wanted to first raise an issue involving a consortium of schools in Tennessee, USAC has denied millions of dollars in E-Rate funding to the Sweetwater Consortium and many rural schools could be detrimentally impacted. And the school districts stand to be financially crippled by the denial and, of course, the education opportunities limited and suffer significantly with such a decision.    The Sweetwater Consortium just received a final decision from USAC on Friday denying their appeal and my office is continuing with other offices to gather information from the interested parties and we expect that this is going to end up with you all before very long.    And Mr. Chairman, the Tennessee delegation wrote the FCC last year and received a response on July 21, 2015. We appreciate that. I understand that USAC needs to be a thorough watchdog of the taxpayer dollars and that the commission is not yet in a position to offer an opinion on the merits of USAC's review and you have noted that in your response to us. However, I am concerned about the amount of time that the process has taken and I know Chairman Wheeler, you also expressed that concern in our reply and I will just say that we look forward to working with you to find a resolution to this.    Commissioner O'Rielly, I want to thank you for your letter or it was your statement of dissent on the choices in the AllVid issue. And I agree with you that it is regulation by speculation.    And Mr. Chairman, you just said you know that hundreds are seeking a way to get on, talking about some of the independent producers and the content producers that are seeking an avenue for the content they produce. And I have to tell you you don't create equal opportunity by not paying people for what they have created.    And Chairman Pai, coming to you, I will have to tell you, a lot of my content producers that are there in Tennessee, they are very concerned about the set top box proposal and about honoring copyright. The text of the proposal is something that has caused them tremendous concern and they talk about it and they bring it up to me. The chairman had said oh, we are going to honor those copyright laws but then they are reading this and they are saying I don't see how this matches because it would mandate that pay TV providers transmit to third parties all the programming the pay provider's license, allowing third parties to use that without obtaining the permission of the copyright holders or of compensating them.    And you know one of the concerns is the way the proposal explicitly declines to prohibit third parties from replacing or altering advertising or manipulating the content.    So, I would like for you to respond to me. Doesn't the proposal exceed the FCC's authority and create conflicts between commission regulations, and copyright, and contract law?    Mrs. Blackburn. I thank you for that. I would hope that the Commission will look very closely at what some of these innovators and content creators are pushing forward to the marketplace and protecting their copyright laws.    To do this where you are looking at the set top box proposal that is out there, I think is a dangerous step. It diminishes the value of content. It diminishes the ability of those who have created this to be appropriately paid. It undercuts and undermines contract law. And for people who are innovating in this space, as we have more delivery avenues that are opening up to us, I think that the proposal that is out there is a dangerous proposal when it comes to the validity and the value of contracts.    And I yield back.