    Mr. Mesko. Chairman Fitzpatrick, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the task force, I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here today. I want to dive deeper into the real-world example of Hezbollah terror financing through TBML. It was referenced in the opening statements by the Members.    I want to do so in order to illustrate some of the challenges and opportunities in targeting these schemes. 2011 is part of a larger sanctions package. U.S. regulators and law enforcement identified a Cotonou Benin-based group of import-export companies known as the Alissa Group that dealt primarily in used-car imports into West Africa from the United States, Canada, and Europe.    Treasury data from the original 2011 action indicates that at least 6 of the sanctioned companies shared an address in Cotonou. Several also shared the same phone number and key personnel.    We went to the public records in the Chamber of Commerce in Cotonou and Benin, and found that another company co-located with the Alissa Group at the time of the original 2011 designation was Ramadi SRL. And further, that a new company, Abou Merhi Lines began to use the same shared address and phone number shortly after the 2011 sanctions designation.    It took 2 more years to identify the Ramadi SRL as a participant in the original scheme. And 2013 FinCEN 311 designation. It took another 2 years on top of that to identify and sanction Abou Merhi Lines in 2015. These entities were operating for years out of the same location in Benin, with the same address, and the same phone number, by the same key people.    What I haven't mentioned so far is that in addition to the Ramadi SRL and Abou Merhi Lines, public data shows that at least five other companies and two individuals were and possibly continue to be active at the shared Alissa Group address in Benin, in some cases listed in care of Alissa Group on their public documents and operating in the used vehicle trade.    I share this example because it illustrates several key points about detecting and deterring trade-based money laundering.    First, that sanctions, 311 actions, and indictments are a starting point and not an endpoint in the government's efforts to target money launderers and terror financiers. Networks change over time but they rarely go away, and TBML networks in particular often leave a large footprint companies and individuals as a result of their efforts to seem legitimate.    Working in our favor, more often than not there is a trail leading back from these seemingly legitimate entities to already known and already identified illicit actors. The data to help us draw these connections is often publicly available. It may not be easy to find, but it is out there.    Working against us, however, is the fact that the types of relationships that we should be concerned about within a network don't always comport with the types of relationships that regulators have told banks, insurance companies, and the transportation sector that they need to be concerned about.    This is an area where I think the task force could have real impact, and the clearest example in my mind is that of the singular focus on majority ownership by Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) when they guide financial institutions in their dealings with related parties, especially designated nationals such as those identified as part of the Alissa Group sanctions package.    OFAC has stated that banks need only block transactions related to parties on 50 percent or more by an SDN, but only ``urges caution when dealing with parties where an SDN has a significant minority interest or may exercise control by means other than majority ownership.''    Never mind the lack of clarity on what regulators mean in practical terms when they urge caution. But what about an entity in a terror financing network that is 49 percent owned by a narco-trafficker working with Hezbollah? What about entities that share key personnel, identifiers, and selectors with a group of SDNs and operate in the same industry segment, in the same place as those SDNs?    Do we really want to allow financial institutions, transportation companies, insurance brokers--whomever it is, to service these clients? It strikes me that especially in the terror financing context, and doubly true in the case of the complex webs of relationships that characterize TBML, clarifying and expanding the scope of what the private sector needs to be concerned about is long overdue.    I thank you for the opportunity to be here today, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Mesko. I will defer to my colleagues on where this thing should be housed, but I think what I would say is that I would encourage whatever form it takes to properly include open source data and better integration with the private sector.    Mr. Mesko. One thing that I think I can offer here is--as we just heard from Mr. Cassara, the typologies of trade-based money laundering are notoriously difficult to detect, which for someone from my perspective means that we should be focused not just on typologies but on the actual networks. The data to help map these networks and relationships is far more easy to access--    Mr. Mesko. Whether it is the TTUs or whether it is the financial sector or whether it is the transportation sector, they all have pieces of the puzzle to bring to the table.    Mr. Mesko. I think it is absolutely normal and it just shows that all it takes is incremental adjustments to the networks for these schemes to continue to operate. Now what I do want to say though, is that I don't want to fault law enforcement and regulators necessarily for the time it takes to build cases.    What I think is potentially more important here is that in order to get law enforcement and regulators the best intelligence, and particularly the best financial intelligence available, from the financial sector, from the transportation sector, from insurance, wherever it may come from, there needs to be a better focus on intelligence, true intelligence, within those institutions and knowing how to use data to better target the people that we really care about, that we know we care about, rather than the mom-and-pop money laundering, the $10,000 in structured cash deposits here and there, which sort of dominates the money laundering space within financial institutions.    Mr. Mesko. I can only really speak from the position of the financial sector at this point.    Mr. Mesko. I think one thing that could be potentially very useful, and I think that it has been discussed several times here today, is we talked a lot about the question of stove-piping on the government side. But within financial institutions, and between financial institutions, there is a tremendous amount of this stove-piping as well.    A local regional branch, say, of a money-center bank that operates in Mexico has a tremendous difficulty sharing adverse information on clients or customers with global headquarters, whether that is in New York or London or wherever. That is to say nothing of banks sharing information in between different institutions.    So I think that one way that this task force could have a tremendous impact is clarifying the guidance on what--at the very least in the United States--information banks can share with each other on the compliance side. They do it every second of every day on the commercial side. That is how the global economy works. But there is very, very little information-sharing on the compliance side.    Mr. Mesko. At the high end, hundreds of millions.    Mr. Mesko. I will let them speak to the TTU question. But I think one sort of illustrative way of thinking about this is, let's say that all of our different banks are stove-piped. They are not sharing their compliance data with one another. We have five top banks in Mexico, and we go in and we say, ``Look, one of them says I used this open-source data. I found that there were some relationships of concern with this party. He has been transacting with a known Hezbollah operative,'' whatever the case may be.    That account gets closed down. Without information-sharing between those banks, he just goes around the corner to a peer institution and opens another account. I think that is the problem I am trying to--that I am trying to address in that testimony.    Mr. Mesko. Excellent question. Unfortunately, I don't think there is necessarily an easy answer to it. Our financial sector and the financial sectors in our partner nations, friendly nations, are always going to be at the mercy of the controls that their downstream--that their correspondent partners have, their banking partners in emerging markets and frontier markets have in place.    Mr. Mesko. Right. And I think--I have obviously spoken a lot on open source today, and the use of open-source data, and how you can map these networks and identify bad actors. I don't want to leave you with the impression that you are going to necessarily find to some degree--some evidentiary standard that some transaction coming out of Lebanon is linked to Iran, or whatever.    I think the point is that, as Dr. Passas said as well, we need to refine our understanding of what the actual typologies are of these new threats, so that banks, whether or not they can put the full picture together, can get better information to law enforcement, and to regulators, to be able to pursue--    Mr. Mesko. Certainly. A better term for that might be ``un-Googleable,'' not available on search engines.