    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Osuna. I'm sorry I was late. I was at a meeting also on an immigration matter.    I would ask unanimous consent to put my full statement in the record.    Ms. Lofgren. I would just note that we have ramped up expenditures on immigration enforcement over the past decade substantially. We have increased the funding for the Border Patrol and for ICE that's more than quadrupled the expenditures there. But our funding for the immigration courts has lacked far behind. We've got a 70 percent increase for courts and the quadrupling of expenditures at the border.    And, I think no system is perfect, I'm not going to say, having worked as a lawyer in this system many, many years ago. But you can't just keep jamming more into the system. You need to ramp up the capacity in the immigration courts. And we're making some baby steps forward on that now, but I am concerned, given the demographics of the immigration judges, we're facing a tidal wave of retirements among the ranks of immigration judges.    Now, those are funded positions, but we're going to have to go out and hire people and train people. So I think that we've got a picture that is going to be very problematic to manage. Mr. Osuna is an old hand at this. He was here during the Bush administration, during the Obama administration. He knows what he's doing, but I'm hoping that he would let the Committee know if he needs additional assistance, because it's in everybody's interest that this work well, and that the immigration judge system and the court system works well.    I just want to mention one other thing. And I know it's not entirely--actually, it isn't up to you, but I have continuing concerns, and I raised this issue when the Attorney General was here, about the due process implications of children appearing in immigration court without counsel.    I don't see how an 8-year-old, who speaks no English, can appear without counsel and possibly represent themselves and meet the due process expectations in our Constitution. So I throw that out there. I know that efforts are being made to coordinate with pro bono lawyers, but I think ultimately litigation will resolve this issue for us. And we need to be prepared to respond.    If I may, Mr. Chairman, perhaps in addition to doing my opening statement, I can go directly to my questions, and we will be able to expedite the conclusion of this hearing.    Ms. Lofgren. I had a question about the asylum application, the 1-year filing deadline because of the backlog. And I think the rocket docket actually aggravated that, because every and all resources were put forward and all of the other cases ended up being delayed. We've got a problem.    And it's my understanding that in August of this last year, Human Rights First, and the law firm of Akin Gump, requested a hearing memorandum to instruct immigration judges that administrative delays can constitute an exceptional circumstance to the 1-year filing deadline. And I'd like unanimous consent to enter this letter in the record.    Ms. Lofgren. Doesn't it seem to me, and doesn't it seem to you, that if the delay is not caused by the applicant but by the administrative delay in the courts, that that shouldn't be an adverse finding for the applicant themselves?    Ms. Lofgren. Right.    Ms. Lofgren. Two other questions. I think when we want speedy resolution of matters, but you can go so fast that you end up causing delays. And I'll give you an example of a young person who fled gang violence in Honduras. He got death threats. He fled. He has an asylum case to be heard. He was released from detention, placed with a family. But it moved so fast that the notice was sent to where he had been. He never got it. And so by the time he lined up with a pro bono attorney, he had been ordered removed in absentia, but he never even knew about the hearing. So now there's a motion to reopen the hearing. It causes more work for everyone.    And I am wondering if you've given some thought to how we might ensure that there's actually notice received by people when we've accelerated these cases, not only in terms of fairness for the individuals involved, but also for the system because you've got to spend a lot of time and effort on the motions to reopen as well that could be resolved.    Ms. Lofgren. Final question. EOIR lags behind other court systems in terms of filing documents electronically. Now, all the Federal courts and all the courts in California, you can file your documents electronically. It's a convenience not only to the bar, but it's a convenience for the court. You still have to get paper filing. I assume that's a resource issue. But what steps can be taken to bring EOIR up to modern standards in terms of electronic filing?    Ms. Lofgren. Do you have a timeline for that?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just a couple of follow-up questions if you can get back to us if you don't know now. I would like to know what failure to appear rate is on various categories. Looking at some of the data, you know, it's very low if individuals are represented by counsel. There are different outcomes if someone isn't. And so if you are able to make those distinctions, I think that would be helpful.    I would like to know among the 30 who committed homicide or were charged with homicide, how many of them was the Diaz case releases or not, and if they were the Diaz case releases, how many of them were Cubans, and with the change in status between the United States and Cuba, there's apt to be--I mean, the last time we looked at it, the vast majority of the Diaz cases were Cubans. And if they are removable to Cuba because of our new relationship with Cuba, we're going to have a very different outlook in terms of the criminal issues and the Diaz.    And then I just want to clarify for the Chairman and others in terms of notice, because there's no requirement that the person receive actual notice. I mean, what you're looking at in the courts is was something mailed to the person. I mean, that person could have moved. He might never have lived there. We had a case a number of years ago of a legal permanent resident who failed to file the removal condition on her marriage who was active duty Navy, in a uniform, was mailed a notice, never got it, because she was deployed to Kuwait and was found deportable in absentia because it was something she never heard of. So I think it's important to note that it's not like the criminal courts or the civil courts, that you're not getting, you know, a server handing you the notice. It's just in the mail. You may or may not even know what's going on.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.