    Mr. Kennedy. I want to thank the ranking member, and I thank the chairman for calling this important hearing. I thank the witnesses for their testimony today, and for your work on an extraordinarily important issue.    This report outlines alarming lapses in coordination at the Federal level. It raises questions about how Federal funds are being spent, and points a finger at our Nation's patchwork mental health system for failing to meet the needs of millions of Americans.    Back home, I see communities on the frontlines of a growing crisis, looking for the Federal Government for support. From substance abuse to at-risk youth, our failure to delivery dependable, affordable, and accessible mental health care is costing lives back at home.    So instead of throwing in the towel, we should see this report as a rallying cry. We must do better, devote more resources to mental illness, invest in our efforts at improving coordination, evaluation, and delivery of care. But for that to work, we need to know the scope of the problem and the range of our response. We must have the commitment of our Federal partners to take on a growing problem. Lasting mental health reforms are long overdue, and I look forward to working with all of you. And I want to thank again the chairman and ranking member for calling this important hearing.    I yield back.    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank the witnesses again for their testimony.    I just want to put the discussion today in context, which I think is an extraordinarily important discussion, and hopefully we can try to find some ways to work together on making sure that these programs are getting to a population that needs some extra assistance.    But, Dr. Frank, I think in the HHS response letter, they put into context that--of Federal Government expenditures on mental health, Medicaid pays for about 27 percent, Medicare is about 13 percent, private insurance is about 26 percent, and all of the other programs that are subject to today's discussion are roughly 5 percent. Is that right?    Mr. Kennedy. So the discussion that we are having here, as integral as it is to making sure the system works better, we are also talking about 5 percent of the overall mental health spending in this country. So if we are looking at a much more systemic approach, one would say we should also focus on the 95 percent of the rest of that funding, and how to reform that delivery system and make sure that care is much enhanced. Is that fair to say?    Mr. Kennedy. When I am back home, Doctor, I hear all the time about lack of beds, lack of availability at doctors, lack of wraparound services. It strikes me that a lot of that has to do with incentives and the way the Federal Government reimburses doctors, hospitals, clinicians that are working in this field. You align those incentives properly, you are going to get the beds, the treatment facilities, the incentives for doctors to treat. Is that fair to say?    Mr. Kennedy. OK, thank you.    So with that as context, I do want to go back to the basis of the report for a quick minute. The report indicates, ``that coordination specific to serious mental illness was lacking among interagencies, committees,'' but it goes on to say that, I believe again, ``staff from 90 percent of the programs targeted serious mental illness reported coordinating with the counterparts in other programs.''    The coordination we are talking about doesn't happen because it is legislated, it will only be enhanced if there is a cultural change at some senior staff level, and a willingness to implement both the letter and the spirit of the law.    Dr. Frank, how can we engage senior staff, and does that interaction at the staff level suffice, or is more senior staff interaction necessary? We will start with you and go from there.    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you, doctor. I will just stop you there because I have about a minute left. And, Ms. Hyde, if you have a response to that.    Mr. Kennedy. So if creating that or strengthening that interagency working group from the senior level isn't the right way, and understanding that you are pushing coordination now, I realize I only have about 30 seconds, but what would you suggest, in 30 seconds, to really push that out to the lowest levels on the ground and try to enhance that coordination even more so? I think it is hard to debate the fact that that is needed.    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you. I yield back my extra 7 seconds.    Mr. Kennedy. Yes, if you don't mind.    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you.    Mr. Kennedy. Please.    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you. Thanks for the extra time.