    Mr. KING. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee. It's an opportunity to be here, and share my thoughts. Five minutes is going to be tough. I'm an academic, but I'm going to do my best. So I guess the main message I have is that we now know a whole lot more about how TANF works. Welfare policies. We know a lot more about what effective workforce strategies look like. We know a lot more about how labor markets operate today than we did almost 20 years ago, when TANF came into being. And I think with that new knowledge, I think we can shape better policies and strategies for dealing with this environment, to help poor families succeed.    That said, I think simply connecting the title of this hearing, welfare parents, with employers, is insufficient to make things work well for them. It probably never was. I think what we need are strategies that basically support parents to get the kind of education, training and credentials that employers are looking for. And we can do that by working together with employers and other public programs, like the Workforce Investment Act and Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act programs.    And we have some slides, which I'm sure--there we go. So first slide. I think the one--next slide.    One thing we do know is that if given the opportunity and given the supports--this is a slide from the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities--that poor moms will step up. Their behavior in the labor market looks no different than other women in the labor market these days. And that's encouraging. Right now, I think TANF does too little to help these families. And if we could tweak our policies a bit, even modestly, I think it could do much more, again, in tandem with connecting to employers and other public programs. And I'll get into some of that in just a minute.    The evidence that we have about effective strategies, really, we're talking about career pathway strategies, that structure opportunities within community and technical colleges, that work for solutions, and other groups out there connect with. Also building in stackable credentials, that poor families can build to get towards better jobs, better pay, better career advancement opportunities. And these are also often connected with sectoral strategies. So focusing on things like health care, advanced manufacturing, high level construction, where we still have career advancement opportunities, and these families can move up.    And I'll move to the next slide. I'll cite one example of an excellent program that's operating in Austin, Texas, which the Ray Marshall Center, that I led for about 25 years, helped design this and other programs. So the top line shows the earnings for those who went through a career pathways sectoral strategy. The bottom line is basically a comparison group.    So this is a rigorous evaluation piece. What you maybe can't see there is that we've got at least eight years of post-program evidence on how these families are doing. The participants, relative to a comparison group. And you can see, that line is getting bigger over time. So again, the message is, a career pathway strategy ensconced in a sectoral strategy and with some bridge program help. Remedial education to help them get the basic skills up, it works. We also have some return on investment evidence that echoes that. Returns are very strong, and I can go into that in questions if you'd like. So that's one.    Two, we also have been working on what are now called two-generation strategies. I see TANF as being potentially an enormous opportunity to work both with parents and their children simultaneously, with quality human capital skills building interventions. We know that when we do that, we get good results over time. And we have research underway that's going to demonstrate that, I think, more clearly.    The next slide is maybe one example. This is a SNS framework from just across town. Different components of what a two-gen strategy could include. I'll go to the next one. This is a framework that we've used in the model that we designed for Tulsa, Oklahoma, working with their high-quality Head Start program there, and lining people up with, the parents up with a career pathway and a sectoral strategy in healthcare, with support from HHS here in Washington.    Next slide, this is kind of maybe a better concept for how all the pieces can be put together. What I will say is that the way TANF is currently structured, it's often difficult to do that. I'll wrap up my points. The thing I would leave you with is that labor markets today are very different than they were 20 years, when we were thinking about TANF. We don't have as many career pathway opportunities. People get a job. If they're not in their right employer--the progressive ones that we have at this table--if they're not in the right high demand sector, they can be left basically moving back and forth and never making progress.    So again, I encourage us to think about structuring our work participation requirements, keeping states from diverting resources, focusing more on building human capitol.    Thank you.    Mr. KING. They can, but it's not going to stick, all right?    Mr. KING. I mean, if we want those parents to succeed in the labor market. Quality childcare is terribly expensive. Even basic childcare, some of the more recent estimates show that that's about like sending a kid to college.    Mr. KING. That's right.    Mr. KING. Absolutely. And I think we should understand that in the context of what many companies are doing, which is using last-minute scheduling software. And if a single mom in particular is trying to get their kid in good childcare, and they don't know when their shift is going to start until two hours before, they are up the creek. Yes.    Mr. KING. Absolutely. I think if we don't do this right the first time, it's like the Andy Granatelli thing, right? Pay me now, pay me later. If we're not serving these parents and children at the same time, we're almost sure to see those kids coming back as future dependents, basically, on public assistance. Whether it's SNAP or it's TANF.    Mr. KING. So we've got wonderful evidence that's come out in the last several years. Burkings has produced a report. Ron Haskins, Sara McClanahan, Irv Garfinkle, did a nice piece on the future of children that shows basically, skills beget skills. To echo what Laurie Larrea was saying a minute ago, if we actually build skills for parents and kids at the same time, we get multiplicative effects. They're larger. They're longer lasting. So if parents are better educated, their kids are going to go on to college. We know there's a strong role modeling effect.    Mr. KING. Correct. So if you're getting welfare mom trained, if she's going through her education, she's at that very moment role modeling for her kids. And if her education goes up and if she earns more money when the children are smaller, we know that's going to pay off for those kids having better lives over time. And we know the social mobility stats in the U.S. don't look so good relative to our OECD competitors. So I think it's something that we, we have at our fingertips if we deployed the resources better, and if we took care of some of the wrinkles that we have. So for example, we don't use outcome standards in TANF. If we could align the standards for outcomes in TANF along the line of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act and make adjustment statistically for the kind of folks we're dealing with, we really could bring those systems together better.    Mr. KING. It's not easy.    Mr. KING. So if we look at the emerging evidence on sectoral and career pathway programs, again we only have about six, seven studies at this point. HHS is actually funding a very large evaluation of the Health Professions Opportunity Grant Program. So we'll have more information in a couple of years down the road. By the way, our Tulsa Career Advance Program, which serves mainly the parents of Head Start, early Head Start kids, is part of that.    But the early evidence we have from random assignment based studies, quasi-experiments, including the Capital IDEA slide that I showed you, all of those programs are showing very strong impacts on employment, on retention, on earnings increases. We also see reductions in TANF receipt, in receipt of unemployment insurance. But we also see that for many of these parents going through, they then become eligible for the first tier safety net, which is their Unemployment Insurance System. And that is, again, a better place to stop than necessarily going on TANF.    So these programs seem to be working the way the theories suggest they should. And again, I--we're going to learn more about that down the road. The other thing I would say is that the return on investment from those looks better than the long-term return on stocks. And forget about the, the recent stock market worries. I'm talking about the long term.    Mr. KING. So it's a good investment. It beats my IRAs.    Mr. KING. All right. I think the way to think about WOTC is it's a complement to other things, not necessarily a replacement.    Mr. KING. So it can be a good add-on at the end, but I don't think there's any replacement for providing a talented employee to take the job first. And what we don't want to do is to basically stigmatize. We have research that shows that in many cases, if a recipient's going out with WOTC, the employers go, ``Whoops, damaged good.'' We don't want to do that. So I think the first thing to sell is talent, and then you follow up with the tax credit.