    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank my two colleagues for their courtesy in letting me speak today.    Secretary Moniz, thank you for being here. It is always a pleasure to have you here in front of our committee. And I want you to know how much I appreciated your visit last year to Pittsburgh. And you didn't get a chance to tour the NETL, so I want to invite you to come back as soon as possible so that you and I can visit the NETL in Pittsburgh and the incredible workforce that is down there.    Let me ask you a question. This is the first DOE budget to distinguish or delineate between the NETL's infrastructure program versus the research and operations program. Can you explain this distinction in a little greater detail and the reason why you have decided to structure the budget this way?    Mr. Doyle. So, as far as the impacts on the workforce and the organizational structure at NETL, you are saying this just helps distinguish funding lines for program management versus     Mr. Doyle. I certainly support increased funding for the NETL that is featured in the budget. But I am a little concerned that the request seems to represent an overall decrease in funding for fossil energy R&D and so, specifically, a significant decrease in funding for CCS and advanced power systems at NETL. Can you explain a little bit the reasoning for this decrease?    Mr. Doyle. So, also, in the budget, you are basically adding natural gas carbon capture under the carbon capture heading that was previously reserved for coal-related research.    Mr. Doyle. Could you just expand a little bit on your thought process for that?    Mr. Doyle. Yes.    And, finally, I was pleased to see the administration's initiative to increase investment and research dollars in clean transportation systems. Can you explain how, under the 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, stakeholders like our universities or companies in the area can work with the administration?    Mr. Doyle. Great. Thank you. And let's get a date to go down to NETL in Pittsburgh.    Mr. Doyle. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.