    Ms. Hubbard. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. My name is Sonya Hubbard, and I am the CEO of E-Z Mart Stores headquartered in Texarkana, Texas. E-Z Mart owns and operates nearly 300 convenience stores in Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana, all of which offer foods that are subject to the FDA's current menu labeling regulations.    I am testifying today on behalf of NACS, the National Association of Convenience Stores. Although more than 60 percent of our members operate single stores, many of these single-store owners do business under the name of a major oil company or are franchisees of larger businesses that are thus covered by the menu labeling requirements that are subject of the hearing today.    The convenience store industry strongly supports H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act, and the efforts to provide customers and consumers with nutrition information that they want and need. Indeed, most of the food sold in the convenience stores is prepackaged, as has been discussed, and already provides this information.    If Congress enacts H.R. 2017, consumers would receive more nutrition information than they do today, and they would receive it in a way that is more useful to them. The food operations of the convenience stores are vert different than that of chain restaurants, yet the FDA's final ruling was geared toward the chain restaurant model. Many chain restaurants sell the same food offerings prepared in the same way and displayed on the same menu at all of their locations. That is not true for the convenience store industry. Convenience stores, even those that are part of the same chain, sell different foods based upon the different locations and the different market demands. Even stores that do sell the same items may offer those items in different ways in stores that are configured differently.    At E-Z Mart, we have different foods in different locations, which would in turn require different menus. Even when different stores have the same foods like a breakfast sandwich, they might have a different calorie count because the supplier that provides the components are different. E-Z Mart deals with more than 50 food suppliers, and it has proved difficult getting the nutrition information we need from them. We expect that some won't get us that information by the December 1 deadline. And there isn't much we can do about it. Nothing in the law or regulations requires suppliers to give us the information that we need. The responsibility is ours alone.    The food we offer changes frequently. At any given time we may be testing 15 or 20 different new products, and some of them will become long-term permanent fixtures in our stores, and others may change and be only temporary. This only adds to the complexity and difficulties of complying with the rules.    We want to provide our customers with useful information, and H.R. 2017 does not roll back the regulations, but instead gives us the flexibility we need to do this.    For example, the legislation would allow us to have one menu board in our locations rather than a scattering of confusing signs throughout the stores that repeat the same information. A basic wall of words. It would allow us more flexibility to display calories in ranges and averages rather than trying to come up with exact calorie counts for all items that may vary. The bill would give us more flexibility for foods that we are testing in different locations.    In addition, the bill would be very helpful in curbing the high punitive nature of some of the enforcement provisions. It simply should be not be a felony if a store does not prepare the food exactly the same way as another store on the exact same day if one of my clerks makes a mistake. We need some recognition of the good faith efforts to comply. And no mistake in this area should be serious enough to charge one of my store managers with a felony.    Finally, we need more time to comply once new regulations are issued. This is a complex regulatory regime, and we must analyze each and every one of our locations differently. We need time to work with our suppliers.    The bottom line is that H.R. 2017 is good sensible legislation that will improve the FDA's rules by helping businesses actually comply, and that will mean more good useful information to consumers.    I thank you again for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Ms. Hubbard. Yes, sir.    Ms. Hubbard. I think the biggest challenge we face is the diversity in not just the industry but within my own chain, our own stores. We are 45 years old. We have acquired a lot of stores. They all have different age and different products in the way they are laid out. If you will envision one store we walk in and the food service is on this end that offers fountain as a bundled piece with something you purchase. The fountain dispensers are down on this end. Coffee bar is somewhere else, as is the hot dog and the pastry case.    The way we interpret this, we have to have all the postings of all the calorie count adjacent to those products and repeated. It would be duplicative throughout the store. I mean, it literally would be a wall of words for the consumer to try to interpret to find what the calorie count is, and how we display that.    And if somebody were to move that piece that displays the calorie count, then is this now a felony? I mean, we are very concerned about, I think, the punitive damages of this and the practicality of trying to implement and have all these in different stores. I mean, we truly would have 300 different compliance plans.    Ms. Hubbard. I absolutely do not think a delay solves our problem. We still have the issues, just as I said, on how do we communicate this to the consumer. If the intent is to provide the consumers with useful information to make choices, don't we need to do that in some concise way that they can actually find it? I think we have all walked into maybe a quick-serve restaurant and been overwhelmed by the menu board. Can you now imagine that 50 times worse with the configurations of all the sodas, and even within the advertising on the store. So a delay does not solve this, no, sir.    Ms. Hubbard. No sir. That is one of the complexities of the bill and of that self-service. It also would entail we list the calorie count for the items in cups without ice. I would also bet your sons also put ice in their cups. So, therefore, even what we provide them, based upon the rules, isn't going to be inaccurate, if I were to get their combination right.    Ms. Hubbard. Virtually everything we serve would have some sort of the ability to--all of the drinks, obviously, have a wide variety of calorie-count combinations that can--some of that is self-service by the consumer. But then on the prepared items even, if I have a clerk that is feeling generous that day and they put, or the cheese sticks together, they slap an extra slice of cheese on there, they don't cut the pizza in exact eighths, I mean, all of those things, and, I think, obviously, you point out the obvious concern, this is a felony now. And how do I protect----    Ms. Hubbard. Yes, sir.    Ms. Hubbard. Yes, sir. And we have already looked into both, having that on our Web site and we have a mobile app. As you point out, I think the millennials and the younger generations do, they live by those. And that would be a way to easily gather. And they can even do combinations. And it could mathematically compute those.    While I will, I agree that most of that generation may need some of that. But what I, along with Ms. Raskopf, I will disagree with her that our locations are similar. If you have ever walked in a Dunkin' Donuts, there is one point of purchase and one menu board. Ours are split throughout the location. I mean, you could have 10 places you go to in my stores and, based upon the rules that are written and advertisements, we would have to post the menu combination on every single one of those pieces.    Ms. Hubbard. Yes, sir. I think our concerns are, and I think Ms. Wootan said that it wouldn't be hard, we wouldn't have to have multiple menu boards. Well, I may need new lawyers because mine advised me I do.    And when I read the regulations, it is anyplace adjacent. So anyplace I offer food and/or advertising combinations, that would conclude even the fountain drink that maybe is over on this side of the building because I am offering it as a bundle here, again, adjacent to that product. So it is the number of menu boards and postings that I would have to have and the enormous combination. And I truly believe it would be information overload for consumers.    Ms. Hubbard. My particular stores do not. We offer limited food offerings. But we operate rural----    Ms. Hubbard. Prepared food, yes, sir.    Ms. Hubbard. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Hubbard. No. We have been in business for 15 years. And we have built some in 1970 that have evolved and morphed. We have acquired many stores and even our construction model has changed.    Ms. Hubbard. None of them.    Ms. Hubbard. No. Because we operate in four States and different markets. And the consumer demand and competition would merit different servings at different stores so.    Ms. Hubbard. Essentially every single location, yes, ma'am.    Ms. Hubbard. I am trying to figure out compliance and how many different menus we have, we think it will easily hit $1 million for our locations.