    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Of course, with all these questions, there is often going to be some degree of overlap.    Mr. Bruno, how many launches has ULA done?    Mr. Brooks. How many has it tried?    Mr. Brooks. 100 percent success record?    Mr. Brooks. As you have noticed in the media over the last couple years with respect to various launch efforts by various companies, there have been failures.    If there were a failure of the kind of launch that ULA does, what is the cost? What is the damage, the loss?    Mr. Brooks. You said how much?    Mr. Brooks. Billions of dollars for one lost launch?    Mr. Brooks. Ms. Shotwell, last year Mr. Elon Musk testified to the Senate Appropriations Committee that, ``No competition will be fair, full, and open so long as the Air Force continues to utilize contract line items to fuel ULA's fixed costs to maintain its launch capability.''    As you are aware, the Air Force currently has the EELV launch capability, ELC, contract in place to meet government requirements. As I understand the situation, the Air Force plans for competition later this year.    Do you think these competitions will be fair or unfair and why?    Mr. Brooks. Mr. Bruno, do you have an opinion?    Mr. Brooks. All right. Next question.    Ms. Shotwell, the Air Force has told us that whoever wins a competition will get a portion of the ELC funding. If SpaceX wins, my understanding is that you will get a portion of that planned funding.    Is this correct? And is that fair or unfair?    Mr. Brooks. Okay.    Mr. Brooks. Well, I am reading it as written. So that is the best I can do right now.    Mr. Brooks. Mr. Bruno, is the ELC contract a subsidy, as SpaceX often refers to it? Please describe the role of this contract.    Mr. Brooks. Ms. Shotwell, I am going to give another shot at a different question, but please bear in mind that each of us Congressmen have staff, both committee and office, that put these things together to assist us. Hopefully, this one you will be better able to follow.    Quote, ``Ms. Shotwell, I am aware that SpaceX was surprised that its Falcon 9, Version 1.1, was not certified by the Air Force at the end of 2014, despite the fact that weekly teleconferences were conducted by senior SpaceX leadership, such as yourself or Mr. Musk, with Lieutenant General Sam Greaves of the Air Force Space and Missile Center.    ``Were all the elements of the cooperative research and development agreement that was signed by the Air Force and SpaceX completed by the end of 2014?''    Mr. Brooks. I see my time is expired. Let me conclude with this one remark.    Mr. Bruno, United Launch Alliance, thank you for your perfect record in servicing our country.    And, Ms. Shotwell and SpaceX, thank you for your company's willingness to engage in a very risky endeavor in space.