    Mr. Santa. Good morning and thank you, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Donald Santa, and I am president and CEO of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, or INGAA. INGAA represents interstate natural gas transmission pipeline operators in the U.S. and Canada. The pipeline systems operated by INGAA's 24 member companies are analogous to the interstate highway system, transporting natural gas across state and regional boundaries.    INGAA testified before this subcommittee last July regarding pipeline safety and reauthorization of the Pipeline Safety Act. In that testimony, I outlined INGAA's safety commitments, undertaken in 2011, and the most recent amendments to the law that specifically affect natural gas transmission safety programs. I direct my testimony today to the specifics of the draft reauthorization bill now before the subcommittee.    INGAA has consistently advocated three goals in connection with the pending reauthorization of the Pipeline Safety Act. These goals are first, establish authorized funding levels for the pipeline safety programs at PHMSA for the next 4 fiscal years; second, continue to focus PHMSA rulemaking resources on the completion of the remaining mandates from the 2011 reauthorization, with one exception below; and third, that exception, create federal minimum safety standards and regulations for underground natural gas storage facilities.    The discussion draft meets these three goals. There is also very similar to the bill, S.2276, approved last December by the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation. That legislation is now pending before the full Senate and may be approved as early as this week. We appreciate that this subcommittee's discussion draft parallels the Senate bill in most respects because this will make it far easier to conference the two bills.    A few quick points. First, the fiscal years covered by this authorization. The Senate legislation covers fiscal years 2016 through 2019. This technically would be a 4-year authorization. As a practical matter, fiscal year 2016 has already been appropriated, and by the time this legislation is enacted, the current fiscal year will be close to an end. For this truly to be a 4-year authorization, INGAA suggests beginning with the fiscal year 2017 authorization or in the alternative, making the authorization effective through fiscal year 2020.    Second, we agree with the manner in which the underground natural gas storage section was drafted and especially the clarification that PHMSA may delegate to a state the authority to regulate intrastate storage facilities. This provision has our support.    Discussion draft, however, differs from the Senate bill in one important respect. Namely, the draft includes a provision that would allow an individual petition a federal district court to enjoin PHMSA in connection with that agency's alleged failure to act. As explained further in my written testimony, INGAA believes that this provision is ill-advised. It would allow the priorities of individual parties and the judgment of a federal district court judge to supplant the pipeline safety priorities and the allocation of agency resources established by PHMSA pursuant to the guidance provided by Congress. INGAA would seriously consider opposing the Pipeline Safety Bill if this provision were included.    My written testimony includes comments on several other provisions in the draft bill which in the interest of time I will omit for my oral statement.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to provide INGAA's views on the discussion draft. I would be happy to answer your questions at the appropriate time.    Mr. Santa. First, as Mr. Black said, I think we have a success story here. As a result of the Integrity Management Programs that were prescribed by Congress, and then PHMSA acting pursuant to that, corrosion incidents on interstate pipelines are down dramatically, as a result of the Integrity Management Program.    As you noted in setting up your question, that corrosion has a lot more to do with the environment in which the pipeline exists and not necessarily the age of the pipeline, the important point here is a pipe, regardless of its age, to ensure that it is fit for service.    As a result of fulfilling the mandates in the regulations on integrity management, in fact, interstate pipelines have tested far greater mileage than that which is mandated just because of the nature of where these devices are inserted and removed from the pipelines.    As part of INGAA's voluntary commitments that were made in 2011, INGAA's members committed to expanding the scope of integrity management practices and we also expect to see the expansion of integrity management addressed as part of the upcoming PHMSA rulemaking on natural gas transmission pipelines.    Mr. Santa. Yes.    Mr. Santa. Let me add to Mr. Bradley's point there that in some ways sometimes that leads to nonsensical results because if you think about the variability of natural gas or oil commodity prices, not natural gas prices.    Mr. Santa. And if in reporting the damage you are reporting the dollar value of the gas that was emitted, well, that is going to be a far greater value when the price of gas is a dollar versus when it may be four dollars. So probably something there to ensure greater consistency to really measure what are the tangible dangers or effects rather than something that depends upon the commodity price that makes sense.    Mr. Santa. Natural gas transmission pipelines, it is over 300,000 miles, about 220,000 interstate.    Mr. Santa. Yes, Mr. McNerney. I would suggest that before the committee amend the law or propose to amend the law to address that that it examine whether there, in fact, have been any instances in which the statutory cost benefit analysis has added to the time and the burden. I would agree that the amount of time that it takes to get a rule through OMB is very troublesome and that that ought to be addressed and that that often seems to reflect the priorities of a particular administration that is in office where some rules go through very, very quickly and others get terribly bogged down.    Mr. Santa. Mr. Latta, INGAA's members strongly support 811. One of the significant causes of pipeline incidents is excavation damage and so we very strongly support 811 and strong programs to ensure that all excavators are subject to such programs.    If there are specific proposals on how via using technology, the effectiveness of those programs can be improved, I think we would be very interested in hearing that.    Mr. Santa. Well, PHMSA has dollars in its budget that it can use at its own discretion for research and development. Also, there is the ability to do cost-shared research and development with the industry since we all share the goal of improved pipeline safety and developing technologies that can prove that.