    Mr. Garamendi. I am just trying to figure out what help that might be in this context. But moving on.    First of all, Secretary Votel and, excuse me, Secretary Whelan and General Votel. General, congratulations on your new assignment.    I want to focus on ISR for a few moments, and whether the requirements are being met or what you might need. We will soon be writing a new authorization here. And this seems to be one area where there is great demand and not enough supply. So, General, let me start with you specifically about ISR requirements, manned, unmanned, any other thing that you might need.    General Votel. Thanks. Thanks, Congressman. Let me just state right up front you are not going to meet many military leaders that are going to tell you that they are satisfied with the amount of ISR that they have.    We have an insatiable appetite for it. It has changed our operations, the way we conduct things, significantly. And so you are not going meet many people who are going to say, yes, I have everything I need.    With that, having said that, we, of course, make a fairly significant investment within our SOCOM authority here for SOF unique capabilities both manned and unmanned to meet some of our requirements.    That meets a portion of our requirements. But we are, again, to the earlier conversation, we are dependent on the services to do that. So one of the things that I am very happy for this coming year is that there is good work at the Department level to address the broader ISR requirements out there.    And, of course, as you look at ISR it isn't just about platforms in the sky. It is about those platforms. It is about the sensors we put on them. It is about the ability to transmit that information across the network. And then it is about the ability to exploit that information so we understand what we are looking at.    And so all of that, I think, really requires a very comprehensive Department look. And so I am very pleased that the Department is approaching it in that manner. And so we will continue to press our requirements for that. And I think the Department has heard us and others here on this particular topic.    Mr. Garamendi. So as we develop the National Defense Authorization Act nothing special for you, but a great deal special for the overall Department.    General Votel. I think that is right, Congressman. I think it is. I think we have to support that because we all depend on it. ISR isn't just unique to us. Everybody depends on that.    Mr. Garamendi. Fair enough. I would like now to move to Ms. Whelan. The 1208 authorization, it is up for reauthorization. We are starting to work on it already. The question, apparently it speaks to terrorism. Is that geographically eliminated or terrorism wherever it might be outside of the United States, I suspect?    Mr. Garamendi. So the authority to conduct operations, SOF operations, in Syria is from 1208?    Mr. Garamendi. We have been debating here for some time whether we have the courage to do an AUMF .    Mr. Garamendi. So the current Afghanistan authorization use force has gone from Iraq to Syria to Libya. Next stop is?    Mr. Garamendi. I am out of time. But perhaps you can list all the places where ISIL now has declared itself to be in the world?    Mr. Garamendi. So could I.