    Mr. Shimkus. Would the gentleman yield? Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you. I just want to take this time to welcome Congressman Rothfus from Pennsylvania and especially on this piece of legislation.    Congressman Doyle mentioned it. I also have a lot of sites that could be recycled. I think Keith proves to be a sound political mind and does due diligence and we are glad you finally get a chance to air this bill before the subcommittee and we want to welcome you.    Likewise to my colleague and friend, Bill Johnson. He's right. The brick industry is really mom and pop businesses that have operated and survived for many years. I would just remind my friends that the biggest damage to the health of our individual citizens is unemployment and no jobs.    And so our fight is to make sure that we can continue to provide good-paying jobs with health care benefits to our citizens before it is too late. With that, I yield back my time.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It's a great hearing to have and it's unfortunate we have two different--same but two different because I would like to get in depth on both of them and I want to try to.    First, to Mr. Henry and Mr. McAvoy, thank you for creating jobs and livelihoods. Mr. McAvoy, what's your payroll approximately? I know you probably don't have those numbers in front of you.    Mr. Shimkus. How much taxes do you pay?    Mr. Shimkus. Federal, state. Illinois has property taxes.    Mr. Shimkus. And how about health care benefits that you provide?    Mr. Shimkus. Right. And these are bargain--you got--your hourly folks are bargained, correct?    Mr. Shimkus. What's the union?    Mr. Shimkus. OK.    Mr. Shimkus. So, again, those are always important aspects to debate because in my opening statement the greatest driver of health concerns to our population is poverty.    So it's an important debate to have to how much you push on emissions for the sake of health when you drive people into poverty or you cause them to lose their jobs or you put them on the welfare state. So I want to continue. Thank you for fighting for that aspect.    Mr. Walke, and I appreciate you being here and I know the organization and association and you laid out a compelling case on technology in the SENSE Act. But you didn't make another credible defense of technology in respect to the BRICK Act. In fact, you said nothing about the BRICK Act. Can you tell me why?    Mr. Shimkus. OK. Because obviously the brick industry--the debate is also rules, regulations we tried to meet. Now they're changing the rules. Now we may not be able to meet it.    So if you would, that would be helpful to me if you would come because it's just important in this debate, the cost benefit analysis.    Let me go to the--kind of segueing now to the SENSE Act. Back to you, Mr. Walke. I mean, those photos that was put up by I think Mr. Brisini are fairly compelling on reclamation and reuse.    But in your opening statement you also said I am not going to dispute or discuss--you didn't want to talk about those benefits. Why not?    Mr. Shimkus. So that is part of this debate. If there are benefits and you all accept that premise, can't we get to how do we incentivize this that's beneficial to the health and the environment of our citizens based upon those very compelling photos?    I think part of the SENSE Act is let's help each other. Let's help clean up the environment but let's give a benefit for the reuse so that this can happen in an affordable--I think the other compelling thing Mr. Beck had mentioned was the reclamation of this site the cost could have been $60 million and ended up being $4 million. From a taxpayer's perspective, that's hard to argue--the benefits.    Mr. Shimkus. But they have to take from emissions of current operating facilities. I mean, so if there's a set standard and then you penalize--you know, we don't incentivize this and they give them the credits that then the proposals will take away from other operating facilities.    I need to go to, and I apologize because we really don't have much time, I want to give Mr. Brisini a chance to respond to some of the claims Mr. Walke made as far as the litigation--Bush administration and a response. Could you do that for me?