    Mrs. Walorski. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary and General Dunford, for being here.    Mr. Secretary, just following up on Representative Wenstrup's question, but are you aware of any discussions to close the naval station at Guantanamo Bay or transfer it to Cuba?    Mrs. Walorski. General Dunford, same question for you. Are you aware of any discussions to close the naval station at Guantanamo Bay or transfer it to Cuba?    General Dunford. I am not, Congresswoman.    Mrs. Walorski. Mr. Secretary, your department delivered a product in February entitled ``Plan for Closing the Guantanamo Bay Detention Facility.'' However, this document failed to address the specific elements required by the fiscal year 2016 NDAA. Therefore, as this committee has previously stated, the requirement has not been met.    In this document, there were three options outlined for handling future detainees. They were on a case-by-case basis: number one was prosecution of the military commission system or in Federal court; two, transfer to another country for an appropriate disposition there; or, three, law-of-war detention.    Yet, in recent testimony, senior Department of Defense officials testified that--and I am referencing this article in Stars and Stripes--they testified there is a requirement for a long-term detention but, quote, ``they do not know where long-term prisoners would be housed,'' which, I think this is very troubling testimony, Mr. Secretary, considering we currently do have a location.    So my question is, prior to conducting an operation where capturing individuals is either intended or possible, do you have to determine which of these three options is appropriate?    Mrs. Walorski. Sure.    Mrs. Walorski. An existing facility in this country or----    Mrs. Walorski. Oh, I understand. I am very familiar with the law.    Mrs. Walorski. I understand.    Mrs. Walorski. I understand. And I apologize for interrupting. I guess, two things. You and I have talked about this for months. But two things: I think the American people look at this, as I do, as a very dangerous precedent; that we are looking at potentially bringing these terrorists with blood on their hands that have already killed Americans back to this soil, which I think is reprehensible.    But, secondly, we were just reminded again with this bombing this morning in Brussels that there is an active war on terror. And I have been sitting here 3 hours, and the first question the chairman asked was about strategy and things that were supposed to be handed over to the Congress in February, and they still haven't. And I look at this kind of as the same thing, that we are still waiting for some kind of a detailed plan that the President said would be made available and you have too.    My question is this: Is it possible that, due to such factors as bureaucratic obstacles, delays in timing, inability to negotiate with another country, that an opportunity to conduct a capture operation would be lost? Or, in other words, would this issue of not being able to have a place for future detainees--because of the President's desire to close Guantanamo and bring those terrorists here--ever inhibit a question on these attacks that we are doing with ISIL and engaging with them the issue of, like, let's not go there because we don't know, and we don't want these long-term prisoners?    Mrs. Walorski. And what if the answer comes back? Because we know there are long-term situations now engaging. What if the answer comes back and says: We simply don't know? Or GTMO, because GTMO is an operation right now that is there?    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Byrne.