    Chairman Royce. This hearing will come to order.    Today we welcome back the Obama administration's top officials for closing the detention center at Guantanamo Bay. In March, these two gentlemen appeared before the committee to discuss the administration's proposal to relocate the prison and its detainees to the continental United States, as well as the process of releasing individuals to foreign countries.    Much of the news from that hearing surrounded Mr. Lewis' revelation that, in his words, ``unfortunately, there have been Americans that have died because of Guantanamo detainees.'' And, indeed, last month the Washington Post reported that the administration believes that at least 12 detainees released from the Guantanamo facility have since attacked U.S. or allied forces in Afghanistan, killing about a half dozen Americans.    That was startling enough. But it is particularly disturbing that--upon close examination--these witnesses made statements to the committee that are inconsistent with the documents and inconsistent with information that the administration has supplied the committee under the law.    Specifically, the committee asked whether the Department of Defense ever knowingly transferred a detainee to a country that did not exhibit an ability to substantially mitigate the risk of recidivism or maintain custody or control of that individual. Mr. Lewis and Mr. Wolosky assured committee members that it had not. Yet numerous intelligence reports provided by the administration suggest that their answers were inaccurate: In fact, the Defense Department had done so on numerous occasions.    The Secretary of State has the sole responsibility to negotiate transfers, including agreements to monitor released detainees. Under the law, Congress regularly receives information from the intelligence community on the return to terrorism rate of individuals released to foreign countries as well as assessments of a country's ability to prevent terrorists from returning to the fight.    Simply put, many countries just aren't up to the job. And a diplomatic agreement to do the job isn't worth the paper it is written on if a country does not have the resources, does not have the training to keep committed terrorists from returning to the battlefield.    Yet the administration has sent Guantanamo terrorists to these countries anyway. To then deceive this committee and the American people is deeply disturbing, and when given the opportunity to correct the record for the committee, they ignored us.    I appreciate that the administration finally responded on Tuesday. But it shouldn't take the calling of a hearing to elicit a return letter, especially on something as consequential as this. This committee has an obligation to conduct oversight. While we have differences of opinion over Guantanamo policy, I don't think anyone here finds the administration's dismissiveness acceptable.    And should anyone think the committee's concerns are theoretical, and specifically I was pressing on these terrorists who had been transferred to Uruguay, it is not theoretical because now Jihad Diyab, who is an al-Qaeda-linked terrorist, was sent from Guantanamo to Uruguay in December 2014.    We sounded the alarm about Uruguay's lack of legal framework. We explained to you about the critical resources to prevent travel outside the country--that that was lacking in the case of Uruguay. And so what is the result?    The result is last month, Jihad Diyab disappeared from Uruguay. His current whereabouts are unknown, and this was after Mr. Wolosky testified to us in March that ``we are confident that the Government of Uruguay is taking appropriate steps to substantially mitigate the risk'' of this former detainee and others sent to Uruguay. Yesterday, CNN, citing U.S. officials, reported that this terrorist was last spotted in Venezuela. He is believed to be headed back to Syria or Yemen.    We have been awaiting answers to the committee's inquiry. But while I've been patient, the President has been in a rush, seemingly willing to release Guantanamo terrorists to wherever he can.    I wish we were not here today. Holding another Guantanamo hearing this week was not my intention. But he is loose and my patience has run out.    And I now turn to the ranking member.    Chairman Royce. Without objection.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel.    This morning we are pleased to be joined by Special Envoy Lee Wolosky, Special Envoy for Guantanamo Closure at the U.S. Department of State. Previously, Mr. Wolosky served as the Director for Transnational Threats on the National Security Council under President Clinton.    And Mr. Paul Lewis is joining us. We are pleased that he is here, Special Envoy for Guantanamo Detention Closure at the U.S. Department of Defense. Previously, Mr. Lewis served as both the general counsel and the minority general counsel on the U.S. Armed Services Committee. Without objection, the witnesses' full prepared statements will be made part of the record.    Members will have 5 calendar days to submit any statements or questions or any extraneous material they might want to submit for the record and I'd like to remind everyone including our witnesses that willful misrepresentation or false statements by a witness is a criminal offense under 18 U.S. Code Sec. 1001.<greek-l>Listened to video--was cut off deg.    Indeed, that is the case for all of our hearings and Special Envoy Wolosky, please summarize your remarks.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    Mr. Lewis.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Lewis.    The last time you appeared before this committee we asked specific questions about the transfer of detainees to countries ill equipped to handle them.    Specifically, we asked whether the Department of Defense ever transferred a detainee to a country that it knew was incapable of maintaining control of that individual and keeping him from returning to the battlefield. Mr. Lewis responded no, Mr. Wolosky stated that he was not aware of such an instance.    Upon further review of your own intelligence assessments, those answers appear to be false. In fact, it appears that the administration has released dangerous terrorists to ill-equipped countries on numerous occasions.    On May 16, I wrote to your departments asking you to correct the record. You did not. The committee asked the administration to halt all transfers until you explained your testimony. You did not.    In fact, you completely ignored the letter until we called this hearing and that is why we are here today. And I am going to ask you several simple questions and I'd appreciate a simple yes or no answer.    Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wolosky, in your roles do you have access to intelligence assessments of detainees and transfer countries?    Chairman Royce. Do you review those intelligence assessments prior to the transfer of detainees to the custody of foreign governments?    Chairman Royce. Right. And in my May 16th letter I referenced three intelligence reports submitted to Congress pursuant to Section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act, those reports are dated May 31, 2013, July 15, 2014, August 6, 2015. Are you familiar with the content of those reports?    Chairman Royce. Are you aware that those reports contains assessments of each country to which the Defense Department has transferred detainees?    Chairman Royce. And are you aware that those assessments indicate that some countries lack the ability to control those terrorists?    Chairman Royce. I am going to explain to you, Mr. Lewis, that is not what you said here in March, all right. And in light of your familiarity with the intelligence reports and what is in those reports, I am just going to ask you again: Has the administration ever transferred a detainee to a country it knew was incapable of monitoring that individual or preventing him from traveling outside the country or otherwise keeping him from returning to the battlefield?    Chairman Royce. I don't think you can just wish away intelligence reports that raise grave concerns, reports that you chose to deny when asked about them in our last hearing.    But if you're now saying that the intelligence reports are--I assume the implication here--incomplete, then I have to say from what we can tell the President has made a political decision to close Guantanamo no matter what the cost to national security based upon our experience, based upon our discussions which go on for some considerable time now in terms of the warnings from us on this committee about the five individuals who were transferred to Uruguay and their subsequent conduct and now the fact that one of them has been released.    That can be the only reason why these intelligence assessments are being pushed aside, in my judgement. And it appears that the assurances that you got from Uruguay didn't account for anything.    This fellow, Jihad Diyab, walked right out of Uruguay. We have no idea where he is, and if that country is telling you that they won't prevent their travel, which is what I pointed out to you, then we'd better listen.    If they are not going to prevent their travel then it is not a surprise what subsequently has occurred. So Mr. Wolosky, you have briefed this committee several times about Uruguay. You have told us repeatedly that the Government of Uruguay was capable of handling these terrorists.    In fact, you testified on March 23rd that ``we are confident, to your question, that the Government of Uruguay is taking appropriate steps to substantially mitigate the risk associated with each of the six detainees that have been transferred to its custody.'' That turned out to be wrong, as I've pointed out.    Jihad Diyab has now escaped. Now, the other point I would make out may make to you, and this also goes to some of the conversations he's had, is that I am aware this was the third time he left Uruguay and nobody knows where he is.    The media is reporting that he could be on his way to Syria or Yemen. And I would just like to ask: Why did you provide false assurances to Congress? Why did you mislead us about Uruguay's capabilities? Because I made it very clear to you our concerns about Uruguay's capabilities. They were pretty up front.    Chairman Royce. But let me explain this simple fact to you. When a country tells you that they won't prevent a terrorist from traveling then you had better listen if your intention is to release that terrorist into that country.    But my time has expired. I will go to Mr. Eliot Engel of New York.    Chairman Royce. We'll make arrangements to do that. At the same time, at the end of the day, the Uruguayans gave them the travel cards. Gave them the travel card to travel. At the end of the day, he walked right out of there three times and this time nobody can locate him to get him back into custody and he's an al-Qaeda-linked terrorist. Anyway, I'll go to Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen.    We go to Mr. Brad Sherman of California.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Duncan, could you yield for a minute?    Chairman Royce. I did want to put something in perspective for our witnesses here and it has to do with why the chairman of the Western Subcommittee would be upset here. And the fact is that the chief of intelligence in Uruguay explained to our committee, gave us the information that they were not allowed to monitor or surveille these six terrorists and the decision you made was to transfer them anyway.    He made that observation to this committee prior to the transfer. You made the decision to transfer these six despite our warnings.    The second point that is upsetting to him is that the intelligence chief was then dismissed from his position after warning us of that and subsequently warning us that they were casing--that they were outside our Embassy after their release and, again, that they were not allowed to monitor or surveille.    Now we find ourselves in the situation--despite Jeff Duncan's admonitions and concerns and despite what we brought up at the prior hearing--we find ourselves in the situation where one of these six terrorists has indeed been able to walk out of Uruguay and no one knows where he is but we do know his attitude and this is the reason for our concern.    But I thank Mr. Duncan for his trips and his work on behalf of the committee.    Chairman Royce. We go to Mr. Matt Salmon of Arizona.    Chairman Royce. We go to Mr. Joe Wilson of South Carolina.    Chairman Royce. Okay. We go to Mr. Dana Rohrabacher of California.    Chairman Royce. I thank the gentleman. We go to Mike McCaul, chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. Mike McCaul of Texas.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. Thank you.    I want to get back to the issue of what you told this committee in March, just in closing here. We asked specific questions about the transfer of detainees to countries ill-equipped to handle them and specifically we asked whether the Department of Defense ever transferred a detainee to a country that it knew was incapable of maintaining control of that individual and keeping him from returning to the battlefield.    And Mr. Lewis responded no and Mr. Wolosky stated that he was not aware of such an instance. Your written response to the committee's letter, though, sent just this week states that the law doesn't prohibit us from sending detainees to countries that have partially derogatory intelligence assessments.    Now, partially derogatory in common terms means can't contain or at least are seriously challenged in containing those terrorists. So why didn't you cite the law instead of suggesting to the committee that detainees were not being transferred to countries that were incapable of maintaining control of them when it is so clear that they are?    That's the point I wanted to make. That is why this seemed to me like misleading the committee. And while I appreciate the witnesses' willingness to speak to us in a classified setting, which we'll take advantage of, that can't hide the fact that these issues can and have been discussed very productively here today.    As you can see, we have serious concerns about this policy and we'll continue the conversation.    But I do want to thank the witnesses and thank the members of the committee. The committee is adjourned.