    Mr. Newhouse. Well, I appreciate that, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much.    After listening to the testimony that I was able to hear today--first of all, appreciate you guys being with us this morning--I certainly would not agree that this is just a pat-on-the-back hearing, but I think it is a very important session that we are having this morning. I appreciate that this is a necessary look at where we are today, how we could advance needed energy production, while at the same time being as certain as possible to have requirements in place so that industry meets and follows safety requirements for personnel, as well as the environment.    So, along those lines, just a couple of questions, if I may. And certainly this could be for anyone, but I was thinking perhaps Ms. Hopkins and Mr. Coatney first.    First of all, there are timelines involved throughout the offshore energy process, from leasing, to exploration, to drilling, production, and more. But in the last couple of years, the industry has had to adhere to an ever-growing number of regulations meant to help ensure that production is conducted in the most safe and environmentally responsible manner possible, a goal that, clearly, everyone shares.    Industry, for its part, needs to be certain that it is feasible to meet all the regulatory deadlines before embarking on something as capital-intensive as offshore production. Without that certainty, it seems the industry will decrease operations in the long run, which would hurt production and have a negative impact on America's energy security.    Do you think the timelines contained throughout the statutes still give industry enough time to do its job, even in view of the ever-growing number of boxes that need to be checked before operations can happen?    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you very much. Mr. Williams and perhaps Ms. Hopkins as well, the Department has just proposed a well control rule that would incorporate the latest industry standards for blowout preventers and to Federal regulation. It seems the Federal Government has recognized industry has made some serious changes since the incident in 2010.    Can you talk a little bit about what some of those changes are that will be included in the new rules, and how they have made systems safer?    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you.    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Appreciate the opportunity.    The Chairman. Thank you. Appreciate that.    Mr. Grijalva.