    Mr. Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our witnesses.    Dr. Volz, if the government has weather or climate missions that you could catch a ride on a commercial satellite to the benefit of all parties, it would seem to me to be a cost-effective and sustainable option. Has NOAA taken advantage of these hosted payload options for weather or climate missions? If so, why or why not?    Mr. Babin. Sure. Okay. Thank you.    And again, since the President's fiscal year 2016 budget request transfers responsibility for developing climate instruments and climate satellites from NOAA to NASA, will NOAA funds that were meant to pay for such instruments and satellites stay within NOAA for use in gap mitigation efforts or will they be transferred to NASA to offset the cost of their development? And what effect would such development have on NASA's budget? Please provide the Committee with a funding breakout of how this arrangement would look.    Mr. Babin. Okay. Then Mr. Powner, you seem to have major concerns about NOAA's transparency and openness with Congress. What are the key issues that drive your concerns here?    Mr. Babin. Okay.    Mr. Babin. Absolutely.    Mr. Volz, would you like to comment on that?    Mr. Babin. Schedule performance.    Mr. Babin. Okay. And once again, Mr. Powner, one of NOAA's challenges is that it needs to obtain more and better weather data with less money. One way to do that is to buy data from the commercial sector instead of trying to launch satellites by themselves, but NOAA satellite division, NESDIS, has also been delegated the authority granted by Congress to the Secretary of Commerce to regulate these new commercial providers, and they're having trouble granting licenses on a timely basis. Isn't it a conflict of interest for a bureaucracy to regulate the industry that is competing with its traditional satellite programs, and should the authority to regulate and promote this new innovative and money-saving industry be moved to the Office of the Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere instead of being buried inside NESDIS?    Mr. Babin. Absolutely. Okay.    Thank you, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.