    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz and Ranking Member Cummings. My name is Guy Williams. I'm president and CEO of Gulf Coast Bank and Trust Company in New Orleans, Louisiana.    My bank was chartered in 1990, at the beginning of a recession, with $1.5 million in capital. Over the last 25 years, we've grown into a $1.4 billion community bank serving southeast Louisiana. We are the largest small business lender in our State, specializing in helping to establish and grow new businesses, and we are also one of the area's largest mortgage lenders.    ABA appreciates the opportunity to testify on the dearth of new bank charters. New entrants into any industry are a sign of economic vitality. New banks provide more choices of competitive products and services for business and consumers, which translates into greater economic activity and growth in local communities.    The lack of de novo banks is strong evidence that the economics of new community banks don't work. Investors have options. If the impediments to starting a new bank are too great, they will invest elsewhere.    Sadly, the forces that have acted to stop new bank charters are the same ones that have led to a dramatic consolidation in the banking industry: excessive and complex regulations that are not tailored to the risk of specific institutions. This, not economic conditions, is often the tipping point that drives small banks to merge with banks typically many times larger and is a barrier to entry for new banks.    There are only seven de novos in the last 5 years. More troubling is that there are 1,500 fewer community banks than 5 years ago, a trend that will continue until changes are made that will provide relief tor America's banks.    In April, the FDIC announced some welcome but small supervisory changes to help prospective de novos through the process. Unfortunately, they do not address the underlying barriers to entry: capital hurdles, unreasonable regulatory expectations on directors, funding constraints, and inflexible regulatory infrastructure, and tax-favored competition from credit unions and Farm Credit System.    If it does not make economic sense, no one will start a new bank. Look no further than the lack of new charters for proof that something is seriously wrong. When you fix the underlying problem, new charters will result.    Gulf Coast Bank started with $1.5 million of investor capital, 4.4 million in today's dollars, and proceeded to create an institution that's helped our community thrive for more than 25 years. The current requirement is that it would take $20 to $30 million to start a bank. That's many multiples beyond what successful banks needed in the past. It's doubtful that a new bank today could earn enough to cover the cost of that capital.    There are many banks like mine that pooled local investment dollars to start a bank and built it into a strong community partner. I doubt seriously that my bank would be granted a charter today due to the capital requirements, the constraint on assets, the restrictions on funding. Couple these factors with a suffocating regulatory blanket, and I doubt that our investors would have made the investment.    To ensure the broadest possible range of financial options to our communities, we must think creatively to find solutions that simulate new bank entrants. The changes that FDIC has made are a good beginning, but much more can and needs to be done. It's time to think differently--to encourage new banks by requiring less capital, reducing regulatory burden, permitting greater flexibility in business plans, and lifting funding restrictions.    Each and every bank in this country has a direct impact on job creation, economic growth, and prosperity. Our slow recovery from the recession is partly a result of the shrinking pool of community banks. We urge Congress to act now and pass legislation to help turn the tide of community bank consolidation, create an economic environment that encourages new bank charters, and protect communities from losing a key partner supporting economic growth.    Thank you. I'll be happy to answer questions.    Mr. Williams. Regulations cost time and money and hurt both the bank and the consumer when they are overburdensome. And a good example is the new TRID regulation. We are one of the largest mortgage lenders in southeast Louisiana.    When TRID came in, all of the service providers raised their cost because, under TRID, if there is a change in cost, you have to redisclose and it resets the time period, so every cost went up. When TRID went in, the closings were delayed, and when TRID went in, the realtors, in particular we have some markets in New Orleans right now, Uptown and the Marigny, where they are very active markets. Realtors would say to consumers, if you don't have your financing either all cash or locked in, we're going to tell the seller not to take your offer because the TRID delays are just too cumbersome. So it's a triple play.    The consumer now has a slower closing, pays more, and has less ability to shop. But when CFPB harms the consumer like that, there's nowhere to go because there is no oversight of CFPB. So that's a regulation that cost us money, cost the consumer money, and hurts everybody.    Mr. Williams. It does. And I mean, it's counterproductive. It doesn't help the consumer, it doesn't help the bank, it was--and it's unfortunate, but that's an example of an overburdensome regulation that's unhelpful.    Mr. Williams. Well, I was a little scared listening to Mr. Browning talk about spending so much money to apply. We put up all the money we had, which was a million five. We couldn't have afforded all the consultants that were necessary, and it just wouldn't be possible.    And I think of what would be missed. You know, there is a charter school in New Orleans that funds--that has students that are all inner city, but yet all 400 students graduate and go to college. When that charter school started, they went around the city looking for a line of credit. We were the only bank that would provide it. They think that they wouldn't be open absent our bank. I'm an honorary member of the Warren Easton Hall of Fame because of that.    Well, how do you measure the things that don't occur when you don't charter banks? We're missing an awful lot of success because we want to prevent a small potential failure.    Mr. Williams. Oh, my goodness, yes. When we started the bank, we actually didn't have a compliance officer, and we treated the consumer better than we do today. Now we have a number of compliance officers, we have an unbelievable regulatory burden, and essentially all of that cost has to be passed onto the consumer, it's passed onto the investors, but it's not a productive cost.    The fundamental factor about compliance is complexity favors the large. I'm going to say that again because it's important. Complexity favors the large. The regulations from Dodd-Frank would fill several phone books. Just paying an attorney to read them is a significant expense. That's not a problem for Bank of America, but for Gulf Coast Bank, it is a big deal    Mr. Williams. A billion 450.    Mr. Williams. It is, but it's more difficult. It's a challenge, and the more regulation you have, the larger you have to be to succeed. And we've raised the level of complexity to the point that it's very challenging for the very small banks, the 100- to 200- million to make money. And unfortunately, we don't go back and relook at the regulations.    We say that we will, but we add 16,000 bricks to the wagon, we take away three, and as a banking industry, we're supposed to applaud that effort. The regulations never decrease. They only increase.    Mr. Williams. The factors have been the same factors for a number of years. The dilemma is the application where at one time it was relatively easy to start a new bank. Now it is incredibly difficult, and I think we've use the pendulum example. It's gone too far. If you prevent a single bank failure, you'll also prevent an awful lot of success. You know, in my other life I'm a pilot, and I fly medical patients to get treatment. Well, over the 20 years I've done this, we've noticed a significant improvement in cancer treatment. It's because they've tried a lot of things that didn't work.    Well, new banks will fail, but they present a trivial risk to the system in the fund. But if you stop new banks from failing, you also stop banks from succeeding, and a bank like mine doesn't exist, the community is weaker. And in a small town, if you don't have a hometown bank, you really don't have a vital economy.    Mr. Williams. Yeah, and I think we've struck--we've gone too far the direction of no failure.    Mr. Williams. Sure. Yeah. I mean, will all respect, the unfortunate consequence of the trickle down is that the regulations like Basel that were intended for the most complex banks are pushed down to community banks like ours. And then you have the pernicious effect of best practices. It becomes a best practice, and then we have to do it.    So it may not be a regulation, but then it becomes a best practice, and then it gets pushed down to a billion-dollar bank, then to a 500 billion, and then things that don't make economic sense and weren't intended for banks like ours become realities.    Mr. Williams. Just to further your comments on Basel III. I was in Europe this spring. The Europeans are shocked that we apply Basel III to community banks. They said it should really only apply to the 12 or so banks in America.