    Mr. Ross. I thank the chairman.    And I thank the panelists for being here.    Over the several months that we have had this task force and we have had our hearings, we have learned of various sources of funding for terrorism financing. There have been the black markets, prostitution, human trafficking, and just theft. And now we are looking at trade-based money laundering.    This is a general question to the panel. What is the most common form of trade-based money laundering that is out there today that is benefiting the terrorist organizations? Whomever?    Mr. Ross. Anybody else? Mr. Cassara?    Mr. Ross. It was exempt, wasn't it, as a form of currency, from some of the sanctions?    Mr. Ross. And how do we track that? Through the TTUs? Or can you do it through the TTUs?    Mr. Ross. Right.    Mr. Ross. Right. And I guess my concern is this, first of all, we just released over $100 billion in assets to the central bank of terrorism, which is Tehran. We know that they give money to terrorist organizations such as Hezbollah and Hamas, and then down to the Houthis. We feel confident they are going to continue to do this even at a greater level.    How do we prevent, or at least be able to follow through TTUs, if necessary? Is that what we are going to need, are we ever going to get them with Iran? How do we go about now making sure that trade-based money laundering isn't becoming a predominant factor and a source of funds with Iran?    Mr. Ross. And that is done with the TTUs, as I understand it, correct?    Mr. Ross. Dr. Passas?    Mr. Ross. And that is the point that I think I want to get at here, is regardless of how well we can do in tracking, including the relationships that we have with our trading partners through TTUs, and Mr. Cassara you hit upon this in your opening statement, it is all about enforcement.    Prosecutorial discretion--whomever it may be. Mr. Bock, as you explained when dealing with Colombia, one side doesn't speak to the other side but at least they are speaking to us. But when it comes time to find where the source is, what do we do? Is not enforcement probably the biggest hurdle that we have to overcome, and how do we go about enforcing? Mr. Cassara?    Mr. Ross. I agree.    Mr. Ross. It is the rules of engagement. We are not able to engage. So if we have somebody from Treasury in Qatar, we are still not able to do anything about it.    Mr. Ross. I agree. And I appreciate all of your testimony. My time has expired.    Thank you. I yield back.