    Mr. Calvert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First and foremost, thank you for being here today. Thanks for your service to our country. After the fall of the Soviet Union some of the nuclear materials in some regions are still unaccounted for. There have been, as you know, multiple attempts recently by criminal networks with suspected Russian ties that have sought to sell radioactive material to extremists throughout portions of Eastern Europe. These repeated attempts to acquire nuclear materials signal, what appears to be, a potential nuclear black market that has emerged in several former Soviet states.    Investigations have revealed that smugglers are explicitly targeting buyers who are enemies of the West, and those buyers' intentions are to target the West, in particular Americans. Considering the recent breakdown in relations between the West and Russia, cooperation and information sharing on matters have become more complicated.    Some individuals within Russian organized crime cling to a Soviet-era hatred of the West. Islamic extremists groups like ISIS, obviously, share that same hatred. Both organizations have made clear their intent and willingness to use nuclear weapons. This development represents the feared scenario in which organized crime and terrorist organizations, like ISIS, establish a mutual partnership. What procedures and equipment are in place to ensure that if an extremist is able to purchase nuclear materials, that they would be prevented from being smuggled into the United States? Considering that we have lost track of nuclear materials here in the U.S., what is being done to ensure bad actors could not acquire the domestic material?    Mr. Calvert. If the gentleman would yield. That even bothers me more because if you have a number of agencies that are looking at this is there anything being lost in communication between those agencies?    Mr. Calvert. Commissioner.    Mr. Calvert. Well, I just wanted to bring that up. I cannot think of anything more important than keeping nuclear material out of the hands of those who would harm us. One quick question on decommissioning, there is a nuclear facility in California near my congressional district, San Onofre. On the issue of decommissioning nuclear facilities, why does it take so long? I have been told by Edison it is going to take 10 years before they would be able to decommission that site. Any comments on that?    Mr. Calvert. Ten years seems like a lot of time, but thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Calvert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize that I am late. We are having hearings around here everywhere, at the same time, but we cannot help that. But I have a couple of quick questions.    Obviously our grid, our electric grid, and I apologize if this question has already been asked, has become more complex over the years and certainly we have more challenges, extreme weather events, and now we have all these different sources of power, solar cells on everybody's roof, changing the dynamics on how the grid operates.    I hear from the various electric providers that this is causing them all kinds of engineering problems and so they need to make various fixes to it. So I guess the question would be, how is the grid today? Do you look at it as resilient and capable of doing this job in the future?    Mr. Calvert. Ok. I appreciate that. One other quick question, I know we spend a lot of time talking about solar and wind. We have some automobile companies that are, especially in California, moving forward with hydrogen technology, especially Hyundai has some technology that they are excited about, but, obviously, the infrastructure, just as we had with electric cars, is woefully not there. There is no way to power up your Tesla as you are going up the 5 freeway in California. So are there any plans for hydrogen vehicle infrastructure and where do you see hydrogen vehicles going? Do you think that it is a workable technology? I know Mercedes is putting a lot of money into that.    Mr. Calvert. Good. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.