    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Dominguez, since the law was passed in 2011, 5 years ago, everything I have read has indicated that the rate of accidents, ruptures, leaks, explosions, has not decreased. Do you have something to the contrary over the last 5 years of whether we are making progress?    Mr. McKinley. Can you speak a little closer? I am very hard of hearing.    Mr. McKinley. I know that. I understand. It is why you got this job, apparently. You didn't have a lot of background in hazardous material, but you did have a good background in communicative and political skills. So I am just trying to ask a direct question.    Everything I have read is that the rate of accidents are not decreasing and in many respects actually increasing since pipeline safety went into effect. So I know your mission. You want to achieve that, but from what we have read--that is why I was asking you. Do you have evidence that ever since the pipeline safety that it has been an effective tool that you have actually been able to reduce it? Because coming from where we are in eastern Ohio, western Pennsylvania and all of West Virginia, we have a rush of pipelines, and as I said last year to your predecessor, virtually every month there is an accident, a flame, some rupture, some leak, something happening that we weren't experiencing before. So I am trying to find a way to get some sense of confidence for the American public that our pipeline program is worth the investment and the time to do that.    So again, let me try it again with you. Do you have evidence that our pipeline accident rates are decreasing or stay status quo?    Mr. McKinley. Can you get back to me then? I am sorry if I am putting you on the spot. You are trying to play politics. I don't want to play. I just wanted some facts. Are we increasing or decreasing? I would appreciate that.    The other is the lack of not having completed--I think last year we had 16 or 17 weren't completed, and then your statement you said 16 aren't completed. I am missing something. Why aren't they finished? If there was a law passed, is this part of the administration to say we are just not going to do it? We are not going to enforce the law?    Mr. McKinley. Well, you had 5 years to do that. I would think if you were industry, I think you probably would have been fined by now. If you were an industry and violated the law. So I will be curious to see what the consequences are in finishing. I think your answer earlier was you were going to get back to us with some of the answers or what the deadline might be, your time line in getting those. I would sure like to see that as well.    But the bottom line here is we have so much pipeline being constructed in West Virginia for the Marcellus and the Utica, that if we took a poll right now I am afraid a lot of the residents would turn on the pipeline because they see so many problems associated with it. So I am trying to get the confidence. If we are going to be energy independent and we are going to be able to tap into this for our energy sources in the future, they have got to have confidence with that farmer, if there is going to be a 42-inch pipeline across his field, that he doesn't have to worry about it. And right now, I don't think the American public has confidence in government now as giving us that assurance. So I really hope that you can finish your work that you were charged to do 5 years ago and get this thing at a point we can see a marked decrease in the amount of accidents across this country.    Mr. McKinley. My time has expired.