    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. George, good to see you again.    Mr. Graves. Mr. George, I saw in your testimony comments about identification fraud and wanted to talk about that just for a little bit.    You indicated in your testimony that it totals about $5 billion a year, estimated, that is still out there with identity theft.    And just thinking through the process--and I am trying to kind of learn how this happens. Maybe I could just ask some questions and, hopefully, you could help us, as a committee, see through this a little bit.    When is the earliest that one can file his or her taxes in a given year?    Mr. Graves. Right.    Mr. Graves. I am just speaking of individuals.    Mr. Graves. So that would be my second question.    So an individual could theoretically, this year, have filed their taxes the second week of January--so we will just pick a date--by the 14th of January.    And when are the W-2s due to be submitted by employers to the IRS?    Mr. Graves. So there is a period of time, then, in which one can file their taxes and then there is a gap, a delta, until the business owner or the corporation submits their backup data to reconcile that. And this can be done electronically. I assume an individual can file electronically that second week of January.    And then what is the quickest they could get a return, a refund?    Mr. Graves. Okay. Let's stay with electronic, then, for a second.    Mr. Graves. So 4 to 7 days.    Mr. Graves. So on January 14 one who might have somebody else's identity, which could only include a name and a Social Security number, if I am correct, could submit an electronic filing fraudulently and have a return within 7 days without any corresponding information that would reconcile that, and the IRS would deposit that money.    Mr. Graves. I am just trying to get to the $5 billion in improper payments----    Mr. Graves . That still exists out there and why this occurs.    So electronically one can file a return. All they need is a couple of pieces of data to file a return. The IRS will then, without reconciling it, deposit money onto a debit card, if I understand properly, that could have been purchased at a local retail store, a convenience store, or not even had to be purchased. It could have been given to them without any identification required there as well.    So it sort of creates a system that leads me to ask the question: Can an IP address allow an unlimited amount of returns to be filed through one IP address or are there any governing measures on that? And is it domestic only, or can it--throughout the world can electronic filing occur?    Mr. Graves. Right.    A couple more, if I could.    Mr. Graves. One more?    I just have a few questions on my mind about it.    So you mentioned not overseas, though, Mr. George.    Mr. Graves. Okay. So a filing can occur----    Mr. Graves . Outside of our country?    Ms. Graves. Okay. And multiple filings can occur from one IP address, unless captured by this filter.    And you say with certainty, though, IP addresses or multiple filings through one IP address is monitored and filtered?    Mr. Graves. Okay.    Mr. Graves. I thought you just did. I'm sorry.    Mr. Graves. Preparers who put their name on the form.    Mr. Graves. Right.    But I am speaking of those who do not.    Mr. Graves. So I would like to clarify that.    Mr. Graves. And then might I ask, Do you know how many filings do occur during this period where there is that delta in which one can file a return and which the corresponding data that would reconcile that is filed as well? Is there a number that might correspond there?    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, might I note for the committee that the $5 billion in identity theft that the General has pointed out is nearly half of the entire IRS budget for one year.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Commissioner, good to see you. I wanted to follow up on Mr. Quigley's point about fraud and identity theft. You know, it strikes me that the number he cited was $5.8 billion----    Mr. Graves . Which is more than half of your entire agency's budget. And we use the term ``fraud,'' in reference to identity theft. But, in effect, it is your agency sending refunds to people in that amount. Is that not correct? It is $5.8----    Mr. Graves . Billion dollars of taxpayers' money being sent to people whom do not deserve it and who are criminals?    Mr. Graves. And it is permissive in some aspect through this agency and enabled through this agency.    Mr. Graves. And that was my follow up. So what is the percentage of these tax payments or refunds that you are issuing that occur during that window in which one can earliest file and when you receive the corresponding documents that verify the income and the identity of the person?    Mr. Graves. And so, within just a few days of one filing online, they could have this fraudulent payment or refund from the IRS within a few days deposited onto a debit card that they might have purchased at a convenience store without any match of identity whatsoever, and there is no policy that prevents that?    Mr. Graves. It strikes me rather odd--I imagine, also the committee and the American people--that the Internal Revenue Service would, without verification, send out a refund just because they received a submission online through an online portal without verification whatsoever of the person's identity and deposit that money to an unverified account without being able to track it to an individual. But that is what happens, and it amounts to $5.8 billion just in 1 year.    Mr. Graves. So that is not----    Mr. Graves. That is not something that is handled through the agency, but that is actually law.    Mr. Graves. And there is nothing that your agency can do. So it is just a wide open field during that period of time.    If I could add just a couple more questions to this. So you would accept a request for refund in this same time period from an overseas IP address as well?    Mr. Graves. Is there a limit to the number of returns that can be requested through a single IP address?    Mr. Graves. Well, and I wouldn't at all put the blame on the industry. I don't believe it is the industry. I believe that it is an agency that, without verification, sends out refunds very rapidly, very quickly, to folks who are criminals, and have no verification whatsoever and deposit that money knowing that it will never get it back. And, all the same, knowing that $5.8 billion could go to defense. It could go to so many other needs within our country right now. It could go to lowering taxes on hard-working Americans, but instead criminals all across the country, if not across the world, are receiving these tax refunds.    And I will just make one other note. I heard you bring up a minute ago tax preparers as one of the issues. I don't believe that to be so. I know tax preparers from a professional perspective are very respected in their community. They are registered oftentimes with the IRS and other associations and do a great job. It is the criminals who are the problem, not the tax preparers who, from a professional perspective, work very hard and have a small business and are just trying to provide a portal for individuals to file their taxes lawfully in a very complicated tax system.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Koskinen.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just had a quick follow up, if I could, on the topic we were discussing a minute ago about the tax refunds being sent to criminals.    Just from a reconciliation perspective--It has been awhile since I have been in the private sector and thought through all the reports that were filed. But, if I recall, there is a quarterly wage report that is required to be filed--maybe it is the 941--and it is required each quarter, 30 days after the end of a quarter, which indicates the person's Social Security number, his or her name, and wages. Taxes associated with that individual would have been deposited within a banking institution and then forwarded on to the Internal Revenue Service. Is that not correct?    Mr. Graves. It seems like the information from quarterly returns is data. Those are data points which could reconcile, at least in the interim until you get the final W-2, which is required to be filed by the end of March 31st as you indicated--that might provide a little bit of data there to work with. And if I am not mistaken, the fourth quarter 941 was required to be filed by the end of January, which should conclude all four quarters of the previous year. It should be on file with the Internal Revenue Service, I would suspect.    And then just one other comment. If we could just provide a little clarity, you have spoken a few times today saying that your preference would be that there is minimal training for individual preparers, or professional preparers who file returns on behalf of individuals. And that might be your opinion.    And my opinion of that perspective is that when you make that determination, then, maybe the Tax Code is just a little too complicated. And that if it is required of a professional to have minimal training, how can we expect the average, hard-working American to fill out these tax returns as well? But I can tell you this, without minimal training, the criminals have got it figured out, and they are the ones who are filing these fraudulent returns and the ones that are receiving these payments from taxpayers--from the IRS.    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, how about that? Ending on common ground.    What do you think, Mr. Serrano?    Mr. Graves. Yes, sir. Absolutely. Yes, sir.    Mr. Graves. And I understand the gentleman's point. Reclaiming my time.    My point is that those individuals clearly have above minimal training in order to figure out how to evade the tax system. My point is, for all the law-abiding tax preparers, professionals out there that work hard everyday and have a small business and are trying to help folks, I think they are doing it the right way, and their minimal training shouldn't be a requirement of the Federal Government. And if it is required, maybe the Tax Code is just a little too complicated.    Mr. Graves. Right.    Mr. Graves. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, always good to see you and always enjoy having you before us. And it is always a spirited debate and discussion in gymnastics, in some cases. A lot of important issues we are all talking about and just wanted to, I guess, revisit one, Operation Choke Point, that I know that this committee and the Financial Services Committee in the House have been very diligent about getting to the bottom of and its effect that it has had on legally operating businesses that have been unfairly targeted and in some cases have been shut down.    Would you commit to this committee and to the House Financial Services Committee and to the full Committee on Appropriations, myself, the chairman, and ranking member, that we will get to the bottom of this and resolve this totally?    Mr. Graves. Thank you. We would appreciate your assistance in getting to the bottom of this. And I would hope you would agree with us that really the Federal Government has no role in picking winners and losers when it comes to legally operating businesses, but we would hope that the focus would be on those who are committing crimes against innocent Americans and other financial institutions, that the focus would be there as opposed to the legally operating.    As well, later this year, I guess it is in July, all sizes of banks are going to be expected to be in compliance with the Volcker Rule. And in December last year the financial services industry submitted to the five regulatory agencies a proposal that was aimed at safely reducing the compliance burden for them and covered funds for legacy securitizations.    I am sure you are familiar with that proposal. And as the chairman of FSOC, can you give us a little bit of an update on that? And do you think these regulators will respond to these individuals or these organizations and this industry who submitted this proposal?    Mr. Graves. As chairman of FSOC, maybe you could encourage the regulators to at least respond.    Mr. Graves. Okay. Understand. And then just one more question. Again, working with the House Financial Services full committee, you were in a hearing last year. And afterwards Mr. Hensarling had written you a letter in July outlining how overwhelming evidence has shown that overregulation in the corporate bond market has had negative effects on the economy. And I believe in your testimony you downplayed it a little bit and didn't see any adverse effects.    Can you help us today to know what would you be doing as chair or have you done as chair to reexamine those cumulative effects that many would report have occurred and maybe, since you have had a different viewpoint, have noticed something in the market?    Mr. Graves. I understand.    Well, thank you for your explanation. And I agree it seems the economy is doing better. I wouldn't suggest it is because of additional regulation.    Mr. Graves. In spite of the additional regulation is how I might put it.    But thank you, Mr. Chairman.