    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks to our ranking member for yielding to me.    As said before, researchers have found a person in the United States carrying bacteria resistance to antibiotics of last resort, an alarming development that could mean the end of the road for antibiotics. For years, scientific leaders across the globe have been warning if we don't take swift, aggressive action, a post-antibiotic era in which modern medicine we take for granted is no longer safe because we will not be able to control infection from childbirth, in surgery, to dialysis and chemotherapy. Even simple cuts and wounds could be at increased risk of turning fatal without effective antibiotic treatments.    Alarmingly, at a time when resistance is rising, a pipeline for new antibiotics has dried up. Resistance can and must be slowed, but it cannot be stopped, and we need new classes of antibiotics to combat drug-resistant antibiotics.    The public value of antibiotics is difficult to overestimate, yet there is a widening acknowledged market fail when it comes to antibiotics. We need meaningful research incentives, strong public-private partnerships, and flexible clinical trials. That is why not only myself but our committee championed the ADAPT Act. It passed in the 21st Century Cures. It would enable the FDA to work with sponsors and reduce regulatory barriers to antibiotic drug development.    ADAPT offers one tool Congress can enact to address the lack of effective treatments against superbugs. I look forward to hearing more about that proposal and other ideas Congress should consider in the ongoing efforts to address this public health crisis.    And again, I will yield back my 14 seconds.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Antibiotic resistance is a significant public health challenge, and we need think creatively to address it. And I want to hear from our witnesses today about the regulatory and scientific challenge in developing new antibiotics, especially focused on what we can do to tackle them.    Dr. Hatchett, what are some of the challenges facing manufacturers in the antibiotics market?    Mr. Green. But what I was trying to get at is that we have both scientific challenges but we also have financial challenges because vaccines are not the next miracle drug. In some cases it could be.    But, Dr. Woodcock, would you like to add anything on the issue between----    Mr. Green . The economics and the scientific----    Mr. Green. Thank you. Dr. Hatchett, these next questions are for you. Is BARDA exploring any new ways to incentivize development of these new antibiotics and other therapeutics?    Mr. Green. OK. That brings us to the GAIN Act from last Congress and the ADAPT Act in this Congress, both individually but also as part of the 21st Century Cures. Envision a scenario where more adaptive clinical trials may be used to help drug developers seeking to create the next antibiotic drug effective against drug-resistant bacteria. Dr. Woodcock, can you tell me your thoughts on how the pathway laid out in ADAPT might benefit drug companies in the pursuit of the new novel antibiotics?    Mr. Green. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I know I am out of time, but, Dr. Burgess, I have sinus troubles and every once in a while I get an infection. I will not call you for a prescription.    Mr. Green. I already take everything else.