    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    If you could, could you put that up for me? Ms. Hyde, do you recognize what this is here?    Mr. Mullin. It is a screenshot from SAMHSA's Web site. I believe it is called building blocks for a healthy future, is that correct?    Mr. Mullin. Can you briefly tell me what that Web site does?    Mr. Mullin. What is the ages----    Mr. Mullin . For that?    Mr. Mullin. It is for substance abuse----    Mr. Mullin . For young children from the age of----    Mr. Mullin . Three to six----    Mr. Mullin . Which I am sure that is a high number that we have to deal with. I mean I have five kids from 10 years to 4 years old, and I am sure there is a high rate of substance abuse for 3-year-olds, yet do you know how much money we have spent on that Web site?    Mr. Mullin. No, I----    Mr. Mullin. Do you know how much money we have spent on----    Mr. Mullin. Ma'am, you are the administrator.    Mr. Mullin. Ma'am----    Mr. Mullin . You are the administrator----    Mr. Mullin . And you don't know how much that Web site costs. Because I went through that last night, and there is a whole bunch of songs on there which are all knock-offs of Old McDonald and Yankee Doodle, and I have a 3-year-old and I couldn't keep her attention for no time at all on that. And guess what, you have had 15,000 visitors, that is it, to that Web site for an average of 3 minutes, at a cost of $436,000. Now, do you think that is using taxpayer money wisely?    Mr. Mullin. No, ma'am, that isn't what I asked you.    Mr. Mullin. I said do you think that is a good use of taxpayer money?    Mr. Mullin. Going through, ma'am----    Mr. Mullin . The money is already spent. Was it a good use of taxpayers' money? $436,000.    Mr. Mullin. A total of 15,000 visitors. In Oklahoma alone, that would provide 176 outpatient services for the mental ill for a full year.    Mr. Mullin. How long does it take, ma'am, because we are continually putting money in there? We are managing the Web site. And what we want to do is efficient and be more efficient.    We have heard throughout this entire hearing that we are here to help. We understand there is an issue, but what has happened is we are running into a roadblock, and instead of you admitting that there is a problem, what ends up happening is you get defensive about it. That is not helpful. That doesn't prevent anything. All that does is cause a division between us. We are not here to make you look bad, we are here to find out and see if you are being efficient with the money being spent. And so far what I am finding out is no, no, it is not. It is not being efficient.    I have a big stake in this. I have five kids that go to school every single day. These are real issues facing every parent out there, and yet we are wasting money on a Web site, or putting money out here, $436,000, you don't even know how much you have spent, and you can't even tell me if it is being efficient. Instead, you are saying you are going through it and evaluating. We have heard that over and over again today. We are going through it, we are going through it, we are going through it. You know what, as a business owner, if everything I was being evaluated on, I was having to go back and re-evaluate it, I would deem that as a failure. Maybe it is time to relook at the whole program and say is it really delivering the services, is it really coordinating with officials on the mentally ill. So far what I have heard, the answer to that is no, absolutely not.    Dr. Kohn, you had mentioned, let me find it here, you noted that part of the problem with tackling serious mental illness is the Steering and Coordinating Committees that has been established to handle the response to the mental illness over the past decade are no longer active or focused mainly on substance abuse. Is that correct?    Mr. Mullin. OK. I yield back. Thank you.