    Mr. Sherman. Just a few.    First, there is some confusion on the floor of the House as to when I will be recognized to do a special order, this being the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. And so I will need to balance my responsibilities here with that special order.    With regard to these hearings, I will try to be brief, showing up late.    And I do want to point out, Mr. Russel, that I hope that you would be with others at State and the intel community, giving our subcommittee and, perhaps, the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee a classified briefing on the China 123 Agreement that the administration has set forth before us.    I would urge members and those staff members that have classified clearances to go see the reports and classified information on this and particularly focus on two things, first, whether China is doing a robust or even adequate job on making sure that its private and quasi-private entities are adhering to nonproliferation standards.    And, second, I urge members and those staffers with security clearance to focus on whether China is using nuclear technology which they promised would be used only for civilian purposes for military purposes. So I look forward to looking at that issue.    As to the panoply of issues that we will deal with at this hearing, I think other opening statements have covered that. There is no more important region in the world for the United States than Asia, which is why we have all chosen to serve under the leadership of our chairman on this subcommittee.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks for an order of questioning that will allow both myself and Mr. Lowenthal to complete our responsibilities here.    There is talk about whether our aid programs would benefit China. Over in the Ways and Means Committee, they are looking at an agreement that will be of tremendous benefit to China, namely, the TPP and the TAA and the fast-track bill that goes with it in two ways.    First, it enshrines the idea that you can do a free-trade agreement and have absolutely no title about currency manipulation. Second, it will contain the rules of origin so that goods that are 60, 70, even 80, percent made in China can then go to Vietnam for a little additional work, slap a ``Made in Vietnam'' sticker on it, and duty-free entry into the United States while we get no access to the Chinese market.    So I know the chairman wouldn't want to see our aid money go to China, but I think that many, many of our jobs will be going.    I want to thank the chairman for working with me--or I am working with him--on the bill to help Taiwan enter INTERPOL. Who could be against international crime fighting? And I hope very much that the administration--I should actually ask the administration.    Mr. Russel, will you be working in every way for Taiwan to able to be part of INTERPOL?    Mr. Sherman. I have got very limited time. I will ask you to focus on INTERPOL.    Mr. Sherman. That was kind of my opening statement.    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Russel, I will interrupt you. I have asked you to focus on INTERPOL, but I will respond.    These deals are part and parcel of an effort that has destroyed the American middle class over the last 30 years. And to say it is going to benefit the United States when there isn't a single economic study of any merit that says that it will raise wages in the United States and a program that tells us that we count all the jobs that we get from exports without subtracting the jobs we lose from imports, an economic analysis that leaves out the rules of origin that I focused on--I will use my time to make those points and ask you to answer the question about INTERPOL.    Mr. Sherman. Good.    The focus of our hearing is on rebalance and budget, but we are leaving out at this hearing the big rebalance budget effect. And that is what is happening over in the Pentagon, where they are engaged in a reconfiguration of our military, starting with research and then procurement, that will end up costing this country literally trillions of dollars as we over the next decade or two devote a very expensive military not to defending the United States from those who have killed Americans, but, rather, to help fight over a few islets that are of so little economic value that they are completely uninhabited.    And we will be told, ``Oh, but there is oil there.'' There isn't. But if there is, it is not our oil. And we will be spending far more on this than the countries who claim these islets where there isn't any oil that might belong to them. So this is the real budgetary rebalance.    Mr. Russel, I hope you would provide for the record a comparison of Japan's military budget to whatever share your study would indicate is the share of our military budget devoted to the Asia-Pacific region.    Because every time I talk to the Pentagon about training, about procurement, about research that will help us in the war on terrorism, their response is, ``We have limited money and we are gearing up to fight China.'' And it is a very bad idea. Oh. And, by the way, there is no oil. And it is not our oil.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Russel, I thought my time had expired. Because I usually do get to control the time.    And I will simply say MFN for China devastated the American middle class. And now we are going to squeeze what is left of them to be able to finance efforts to confront China militarily while we then figure out ways, without an agreement where China is a signatory, to shift our jobs to China just in case there are pockets of middle class prosperity somewhere in America that haven't yet been devastated by this policy.    So I yield back.