    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rademaker, I am not sure where you are going with that. By the way, the rearmament in Germany in World War II, as a student of history myself, I mean, had a lot more to do than Hitler running circles around inspectors. It had a lot more to do with the fact that the West was just tired and was not going to challenge them. Thus the reoccupation of the Rhineland and the remilitarization, they knew what was happening. He wasn't hiding the fact he was rebuilding an air force and expanding the military with universal conscription and the like, and, clearly, the Ruhr was up and running.    I mean, these were not secrets that were kept from inspectors. It was actually about political will. It was about whether you are going to turn a blind eye to all of that because you were weary of war. And World War I had been so traumatic, especially in France and Britain, that hopefully, wishful thinking would make it all go away, or there would be some modus vivendi we could all accept. They were wrong. Churchill on that one was right. He was wrong on most everything else, but he was right about that.    But what is it you are proposing? Should we therefore say we shouldn't have an inspections regime, we shouldn't have the ability to evaluate, because it is fruitless, people can run rings around them?    Mr. Connolly. I understand. But where does that take us? Does that mean we should give up on--we shouldn't even bother because they can run rings around us?    Mr. Connolly. With skepticism.    Mr. Connolly. Right.    Mr. Connolly. There seems to be precedent for it in the region.    Mr. Makovsky, did you want to comment?    Mr. Connolly. Dr. Makovsky, unfortunately, my time is limited. I agree with you, but I want to come back to Eliot Engel's question. What is the alternative?    The fact of the matter is we allowed this drift for 8 years. The previous administration, we started out with a handful of centrifuges, now we have 15,000, 16,000. They have hardened processing plants. They have significantly increased the amount of enriched uranium and other fissible material. And so we are where we are.    I wish we had done all of that, like Mr. Engel was saying, a long time ago so that we would have stopped it dead in its track. The Israelis could have done it too before things got hardened. Now they can't do it without us, not efficaciously. But if you turn the clock back, Prime Minister Netanyahu thought it was such an existential threat, why didn't he do then what Israel had done in Syria and had done in Iraq? Why did he not take the kinetic option, one wonders.    Mr. Connolly. I will.    Mr. Connolly. Right.    Mr. Connolly. Well, one wonders, because they have had that option before and things got worse, not better.    Mr. Connolly. Let me just ask a final question of you, Mr. Makovsky. You indicated, and it is a perfectly fair proposition, that when you look at the military option versus a negotiated deal that may or may not be cheated against and so forth, maybe the military option actually is better. But we are going to have General Hayden here I think next week who has said if you exercise the military option, all it will do is accelerate the nuclear development in Iran and now you have no leverage, the West has no leverage. And unless you are prepared to do it every 2 years. And, of course, we are not even talking about diplomatic and terrorists and all kinds of other ancillary consequences that may flow from that.    Is that a fair proposition too, that actually, despite what we desire, the opposite could happen?    Mr. Connolly. Yes, but it brings me back--and I will end with this, Mr. Chairman--but it brings us back to the ultimate proposition. We have got many unattractive options in front of us. The question is a negotiated deal that keeps the P5+1 together and that rolls back and freezes in place their nuclear development program for a period of time, we hope it can be renewed, versus exercising, saying, we give up on all that, we are going to exercise a military option and hope for the best.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.