    Mr. Moylan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Madam Ranking Member, Members of the Subcommittee, for the invitation to testify today.    My name is Andrew Moylan. I am Executive Director and Senior Fellow of the R Street Institute. We are a pragmatic, non-profit, non-partisan think tank that strives for free markets and limited, effective government, and it is in pursuit of those goals that I testify before you today regarding concerns that we have about H.R. 707, the ``Restoring America's Wire Act,'' and what questions it raises about the appropriate scope of Federal law.    My testimony today is focused not on the propriety of gambling per se, as is some of the other witnesses, but instead on articulating a conception of limited government and Federalism as it relates to gambling legislation. In such a Federalist system, states carry most of the responsibility to exercise powers that are rightfully theirs under the Constitution, and Federal power is appropriately constrained to genuinely national or interstate matters.    So while my conservative and Libertarian brethren hold a wide range of views on the social implications of gambling, we share a broad consensus that the Federal Government is too large and too powerful, in no small part due to a decades-long trend of ever-expanding assertions of power by Congress and a compliant Judiciary that has validated most of those assertions, and it is this troubling trend rather than the activity of gambling itself which motivates my comments today.    Much of my professional work has been devoted to protecting limited government in the Internet age, including matters on which I have previously testified to the Judiciary Committee, like Internet sales tax law.    The Internet is indeed unlimited in its scope, but government power, even in this modern age, ought to be limited and respectful of borders, both the tangible geographic borders that delineate one sovereign state from the next, and the conceptual borders that delineate truly national interstate issues from state and local ones, and it is in that vein that I note potential concerns with the bill before you today.    While ostensibly expanding the 1961 Wire Act such that it covers all forms of gambling, as opposed to just sports betting, and specifying the inclusion of Internet transmission as prohibited, it appears also to go a step further than that; and also in the plain language of the Wire Act itself and the closely related Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act, or UIGEA. Specifically, its prohibition on all wire or Internet gambling transmissions, including those conducted over the Internet, in states that may have chosen to license and regulate gambling, is at odds with the basic principles of Federalism and the more narrowly targeted language of the original Wire Act and UIGEA.    While there are valid policy-based criticisms of each, both the Wire Act and UIGEA were written to help states in their own law enforcement pursuits and more carefully circumscribed to cover only genuinely international or interstate activity, and they did this by effectively exempting intrastate gambling and transmissions between entities and states where that behavior was legal.    By appearing to extend to wholly intrastate conduct, the Restoring America's Wire Act may well empower the Federal Government in a way that we think is unwise, and it is problematic for two reasons. First is that it impedes upon an area of law that is traditionally reserved for the states, the general police power to regulate conduct within their own borders. And second, it potentially establishes a dangerous precedent in suggesting that mere use of a communication platform like the Internet subjects all users and all activity to the reach of the Federal Government no matter its location or its nature.    So given decades, even centuries of eroding limits on Commerce Clause power, it is incumbent upon Congress to exercise restraint in its application, and I think this could be readily achieved by modifying the language of Restoring America's Wire Act to more closely resemble that in UIGEA, which carefully exempted intrastate payments and those between states with legal gambling. It even went so far as to exempt so-called intermediate routing from qualifying as intrastate, since the path of an electronic signal is incidental to the conduct in question.    There are indeed areas where Congress is properly within its rights to legislate under the Commerce Clause. In my written testimony I refer to several examples of Federal bills that would prevent states from exercising cross-border authority in such a way as to cannibalize interstate commerce, the very problem that led to the downfall of the Articles of Confederation and the drafting of the Constitution.    But there are innumerable instances where the Commerce Clause is cited as granting Federal authority to regulate conduct which is entirely intrastate and even non-commercial in nature. And as written, the Restoring America's Wire Act we think is a problematic use of Commerce Clause power that threatens to substitute the judgment of the Federal Government for that of states, which are the rightful holders of power to regulate intrastate activity.    And so if limited government is to have any meaning in the 21st century and beyond, we believe that Congress must exercise restraint in those claims of power and that in its current form the bill is problematic in that regard.    Thank you.    Mr. Moylan. I would oppose the bill for both Federalism concerns and also some practical ones, which we can get into.    Mr. Moylan. I think it is repairable from a Federalism perspective in the sense that there is a consistent application of Federal power as it relates to Federalism that relates to intrastate conduct, legitimately, genuinely intrastate conduct. When I mention practical concern, my own view--I didn't focus on gambling in my testimony. It is not my expertise. But my own view is that gambling, while a problem, is not something that is likely to bump other priorities from a law enforcement perspective.    Mr. Moylan. I think that states are well within their power to regulate gambling into or out of existence such as they see fit. I have my own preferences in that regard, but it is pretty clear to me that they have the authority to do so, and we have seen a wide range in states' approaches to that issue that bears that out.    Mr. Moylan. Sure. I think that there is a genuine role to be played for Congress to address intrastate transmissions, as we discussed. The original Wire Act was in that vein. It was attempting to help states enforce their own laws. Their powers essentially end at their borders, and so they lacked the ability to enforce these intrastate transmissions, and that is why they turned to the Federal Government for help.    Mr. Moylan. If I understand your question----    Mr. Moylan. I don't have particularly greater concern as it relates to the online conduct that you described as opposed to in-person. I think that wraps it up for you.    Mr. Moylan. It is a good question, and I think that the answer to it is--and first of all, this is a question that we face in any number of areas, not just as it relates to gambling. But states have remedies at their disposal, and there is Federal law at the disposal of prosecutors today to address that conduct. If a state chose to ban gambling within its borders, it could do so on both an institutional level and an individual level. And on the Federal level, the interstate transmission of those bets are, by and large, already illegal under UIGEA and the Wire Act.    So I think that the tools are there to be able to prosecute that. Whether states choose to do that is, of course, a separate question. I am sure they are less eager about doing so with individuals than they are institutional purveyors of it. But the tools are there, in my estimation.    Mr. Moylan. Well, from a sort of broad perspective, discussing Federalism and the Constitution, police powers are reserved to the states. There have been many court cases that have tested this, and it is the reason that we have to assert what is the nexus under which the Federal Government involves itself in an issue.    So in this case, the very clear nexus is to the extent that there are interstate transmissions or issues in-between two states or international issues. But when we are talking about intrastate conduct, and to the extent that it is genuinely intrastate, those are by and large reserved to the states, and in the absence of reserving those powers to the states, I think that we worry, the R Street Institute does very much, about what that implies for the role of the Federal Government and the size of the Federal Government moving forward.    Mr. Moylan. We are going to go four for four. It does not carry the force of law and it is merely their own interpretation of it.    Mr. Moylan. I think states are certainly taking a risk if they are acting in contravention to stated policy of the Justice Department. That in and of itself doesn't tell you what the law is or what courts would say about it, but it certainly puts them at risk of their own institutions, of their own individuals facing prosecution under Federal law.    Mr. Moylan. Sure. I think it is perfectly fair to have concerns about whether or not the laws that are on the books are sufficient to be able to enforce what states' prerogatives are. I think what my contention is is that the laws that are necessary to do that are generally on the books; that we have, by and large, bans certainly as it relates to UIGEA interstate payment processing. The Wire Act itself obviously deals with a class that this bill would attempt to change of intrastate transactions, and states have their own prerogative inside their borders to establish a law as they see fit. So the question is really in these cross-border issues.    Mr. Moylan. Yes. I think that it is a very problematic construction to say that any activity, any conduct on the Internet whatsoever is, per se, interstate. It effectively eviscerates the Commerce Clause as any kind of real limitation moving forward. We see now what the Internet looks like today. Think of what it might look like 20 years from now in the way that it might expand and help people connect in other ways.    So to think that the mere use of the Internet, in and of itself, justifies Federal intervention, whether or not the conduct has any other transmission across state lines of a non-incidental nature, I think is hugely problematic.    Mr. Moylan. Right, that is essentially what underlies it. I mention in my written testimony that there are three words in RAWA itself that make that very clear. When it is adding basically Internet transmissions into the definition of the Wire Act, what it does is it says incidentally or otherwise, and that also makes clear that, for example, what led to that OLC memo in 2011, the states that were attempting to allow online sales for their lotteries that have this intermediate routing of a payment processor that happens to be in another state, but you have a purchaser and a seller that are in the same state, that that would constitute interstate for the purposes of Federal regulations.    So I think that that is a huge problem; and, yes, that is something that underpins at the heart of this bill.    Mr. Moylan. By and large, gambling activity is a state issue, sure.    Mr. Moylan. And there are exemptions that exist in RAWA for several of those things, which I think puts the lie to the fact that all gambling is, in and of itself, pernicious, the fact that we have legislation on the Federal level and at the state level that exempts these kinds of activities that you mentioned.    Mr. Moylan. Yes, I think that is precisely my position, that states have within their power today to determine their own fate as it relates to gambling, and they should continue to have that power. It is a power that is justly reserved to them under our system as we have it today, and this bill is problematic in that regard because it would take from them that ability because of this, as you mentioned, this sort of treatment of any kind of conduct on the Internet as inherently interstate.