    Ms. DelBene. Aye.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I am deeply disappointed that this Committee is holding another one-sided hearing that's more about politics than factfinding.    The attacks on women's health just never seem to stop. Meanwhile, we're ignoring a long list of bipartisan policies that deserve our attention. Right now, we could be talking about the much needed updates to email privacy laws. We could be talking about leveling the playing field for brick-and-mortar stores. Or we could finally get to work on our country's broken immigration system.    But, instead, we're wasting even more time on an investigation that the majority clearly prejudged before receiving a shred of evidence from Planned Parenthood.    It's shameful, Mr. Chairman. This Committee should be focused on facts, not ideology.    And so far, there are no facts to substantiate the claims made by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, no evidence that Planned Parenthood has engaged in unlawful activity, period. So let's talk about what we do know: We know that 2.7 million Americans receive essential health care every year through Planned Parenthood. Seventy-eight percent of Planned Parenthood patients are low-income, with incomes at or below 150 percent of the Federal poverty level. In my home State of Washington, Planned Parenthood annually provides more than 34,000 cancer screenings. And across the country, the services provided by Planned Parenthood help prevent more than 500,000 unintended pregnancies every year.    That last number should give my colleagues pause. If we want to reduce the number of abortions provided in this country, attacking Planned Parenthood is certainly not the way to do it.    But, at this point, it's clear that this investigation isn't about gathering facts at all. It's just part of an extreme ideological agenda to defund Planned Parenthood and take away a woman's constitutional right to choose.    Ms. Fredrickson, your testimony mentioned that Planned Parenthood provides birth control and family planning counseling to 2.1 million patients each year. Could you speak about how women's access to birth control is related to their economic security?    Ms. DelBene. And what would be the impact on women if access to birth control through Planned Parenthood would be restricted?    Ms. DelBene. So you believe that it would be harder for women to plan their families, plan their careers if Congress decided to defund this organization?    Ms. DelBene. And my colleagues have been, across the aisle, have been talking about how if Planned Parenthood wasn't, if Planned Parenthoods were not available in their regions, it would have no impact on women's access to health care. Again, I ask you what would be the impact on women throughout our country if Planned Parenthood was not available for health care?    Ms. DelBene. And I think you referenced a study that says that there are not other community health centers or other places who would be able to serve that same population.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you very much.