    Ms. Whelan. Chairman Wilson, Chairman Poe, Ranking Member Langevin, Ranking Member Keating, and other distinguished members of the subcommittees, I appreciate the opportunity to share information with you about the Department of Defense's counterthreat finance capability.    DOD's counter-threat finance, or CTF, supports both military operations and U.S. Government partners, including our law enforcement colleagues. DOD CTF identifies and exploits the financial vulnerabilities of terrorists and transnational criminals.    Over a decade ago, we built a small but effective CTF capability within the Department through our counternarcotics authorities and appropriations. Counternarcotics is an appropriate source of authority and resources, given that the drug trade remains the world's most lucrative criminal enterprise.    Funds from the illegal drug trade are often associated with other illicit criminal enterprises, insurgencies, and terrorist organizations, including the Taliban in Afghanistan; the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, the FARC; and Lebanese Hezbollah.    Today, DOD has dedicated CTF teams at its combatant commands, at the National Guard Bureau, and at intelligence components. The CTF teams analyze financial intelligence, integrate intelligence in operations, and coordinate and execute CTF activities within the Department and with and in support of U.S. interagency partners.    DOD is not the lead U.S. agency for conducting CTF, but DOD employs unique analytic capabilities to assist other partners in accomplishing the overall CTF mission. For example, DOD analysts help support our Department of Treasury colleagues' efforts to develop designations against individuals and organizations engaged in illicit finance.    DOD CTF analysts help to identify vulnerabilities and to create a comprehensive analysis for U.S. Government partners to target an adversary's financial structure. CTF has proven to be a cost-effective tool against threatening forces and transnational criminal organizations, whether through law enforcement actions, designations, sanctions, or, as in the case of ISIL, through military actions against economic and financial targets.    DOD CTF supports the Department of State and the Department of Treasury, which are the coleads for the U.S. Government's effort to disrupt ISIL's finances. Over the past several months, ISIL has lost financial capability and revenue. Coalition military operations informed by CTF have struck nearly two dozen ISIL bulk cash storage sites and multiple targets affiliated with ISIL's illicit oil industry. Recent estimates indicate ISIL's oil production has decreased by up to 30 percent, and their ability to generate revenue has been reduced by at least as much.    In order for DOD CTF to continue supporting these and future successes on the battlefield and in law enforcement and diplomacy, we must ensure that our CTF capability is well grounded in our Department's policy planning doctrine and training and education. For example, last October, the deputy secretary of Defense recertified DOD's directive on counterthreat finance policy through 2020. We also are working to ensure that DOD plans and joint doctrine include CTF where appropriate.    Congress' support for the DOD counterdrug authorities and counterdrug funding underpins our CTF program success. Thanks to congressional support, executive branch partnership, and our talented DOD CTF personnel who work quietly behind the scenes, DOD CTF continues to provide a cost-effective capability against international terrorists and criminal adversaries that threaten our Nation, its citizens, and our allies.    Thank you for this opportunity to share with you the information about DOD's counterthreat finance program, and I welcome your comments and questions.    Ms. Whelan. Yes, sir. I think--well, I know from the Department of Defense's standpoint, we actually provide a great deal of support to our partners at Treasury and in law enforcement with our CTF teams and liaison officers. So we are in sort of regular contact with them on a day-to-day basis working together to share information.    We have a number of enterprises within the Washington area in which we gather together to share information, situational awareness. So I think while there is always room for improvement, I think we have a pretty good basis right now of information sharing, certainly we feel, between the Department of Defense and the----    Ms. Whelan. Well, I think we can just expand on what we are currently doing, and we are getting better at it. Certainly, there is resource constraints in terms of people and in terms of intelligence collection assets, but we are definitely improving our coordination. I think we have made a lot of progress in just the last couple of years.    Ms. Whelan. Thank you for the question, Mr. Chairman.    Yes, we actually, number one, the first part is we are progressively institutionalizing counterthreat finance within the Department, and it is--it has gained tremendous amount of traction, particularly in the combatant commands. But a couple of things, additional things we are doing beyond the DOD directive that I mentioned in my testimony, we are including CTF in our professional military education courses.    In fact, the National Guard Bureau has been very helpful to us in developing courses for CTF, for personnel within the U.S. military. Additionally, the services are now, as they manage their personnel, they are looking for people with CTF skill sets so that they can provide them. There is a demand signal from the COCOMs, particularly CENTCOM, and it has a very significant and robust CTF effort. I was just down in Tampa 2 weeks ago and met with that team.    So this has definitely got traction within the Department. I don't see that it will lose traction. We have integrated it into our program planning and budget process, and we are also working with the COCOMs to integrate CTF into planning and doctrine. So I believe that we do, obviously, have resource constraints in terms of personnel available to devote to this, and as I mentioned briefly, the intelligence assets that we have to devote to this. But within the constraints that we are currently working under, I think that everyone is putting forward 100 percent effort to do more on the CTF front.