    Mr. Dolcini. I appreciate the opportunity to answer that question, Mr. Chairman. We are taking it on a case-by-case basis. We have seen it come up in the Midwest in some cases. Most recently, I was made aware of a case in Iowa. We are making sure that our experts here in Washington are in good communication with the state office specialist. We haven't seen it in huge numbers, frankly, but we are ready for it.    The AGI definition hasn't changed since 2002, but what we are seeing, in the field, is with good farm income over the last several years in some cases and a couple of years of payments, folks are taking advantage of their appreciation allowance a little bit more frequently than they had in the past. And so we are working with CPAs, with tax attorneys, and with other financial professionals that are working with our producers to make sure that they understand exactly what it is that we are doing, and to the degree we can offer greater clarification around that, we are happy to do that.    The Chairman. Well, in specific, Val, the pass-through entity, typically the section 179 deduction does not reduce its individual income because those attributes pass through separately. So if you don't have, let's say, for example, $500,000 worth of immediate write-off under section 179, that is going to have a pretty dramatic impact at the income level of the entity itself. And so having you say that you are willing to look at the intended result was that the income would be actual income, AGI is, after all those deductions are out, if you are an individual. So the things that you have is that you are talking to two CPAs up here, but we just want to make sure that those pass-through entities get a fair treatment with respect to all the deductions; they don't somehow have an artificial restriction on the payment limits because their income appears to be bloated at that entity level.    Mr. Dolcini. We are certainly keeping an open door, Mr. Chairman, in our state offices and here in Washington.    The Chairman. All right. Thank you.    I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota.    Mr. Dolcini. Sure. I will take the first crack at that. All of the programs that we administer, with exception of CRP and Market Loan Gain Programs and the LDPs, will be affected by sequestration. We don't feel, obviously, that sequestration is a very good policy, and it doesn't offer much certainty to the producers that we work with all over the country. And we are working on a solution that we think will be an equitable one, and hopefully, we will be able to resolve that in the next few days, Mr. Peterson, but that is the universe of programs that will be covered, all but those three that I mentioned.    Mr. Dolcini. Sir, I will take that question as it relates to ARC and PLC. We use a cascading level of yield, so we start with NASS county data. If that is not available, we turn to RMA county data. If that is not available, we go to NASS district data. And, finally, if that is not available, we use data that the state committee develops.    We feel like the methodology used in the NASS county data is pretty solid. We have looked at it around the country, and we found that it is accurate, by and large, and where it is not available, we turn to the next best data, but that is the methodology that we use for the ARC county program.    Mr. Dolcini. At this point, I don't believe that there is, sir. We feel like the methodology that we are using is pretty sound, this is, in some ways, the nature of a county-based program, in this case, that there may be some disparities in payments from one county to another, could be weather related, could be related to other things. But we found that in most cases, the NASS county data that we are using is pretty good.    Mr. Dolcini. In most cases, the 2015 premium payments have been made, so the change that we have envisioned here, and we have worked a lot with cooperatives here in town and elsewhere, will be effective for the 2016 program year, and the result of that will be that 100 percent of the premium will be due on September 1 of next year as opposed to this year, where we had 25 percent due on February 1, and the balance due later in the summer.    So we think that this is a better option. We appreciate your support for it, and we think that it will make the program work a little bit more effectively in terms of getting premium payments made through the cooperatives.    Mr. Dolcini. That is my understanding, sir.    Mr. Dolcini. The numbers are still quite fluid, and of course, in the last couple of weeks of any signup that we do, we see greater participation in the final weeks. We anticipate that that will be the case in this instance as well. We are going the plan on doing another mass mailing. We sent out a big postcard to generate signup for the first go-round of MPP, and we will do that again.    We are also continuing to do local outreach in your home state and other places around the country. When I traveled in New England, we talked at lot about this as well, so we are hopeful that we can get as much interest in the program for the 2016 year as we had in 2015.    Mr. Dolcini. We will look at that, sir, as we get a little closer to the deadline. We are always mindful of the fact that producers are busy with other things, and there are lots of folks in the midst of harvest right now, and so we want to make sure that we are offering everyone the opportunity to get into the offices and sign up.    Mr. Dolcini. They certainly were----    Mr. Peterson.--premium taken out of their check?    Mr. Dolcini. We are going to make every effort to make sure that everybody knows about that.    Mr. Dolcini. We have not figured out the precise percentage, sir. For this year, it is 7.3 percent. For the fiscal year to come, it is 6.8 percent.    The Chairman. Okay, 6.8 percent, thank you.    Mr. Neugebauer, 5 minutes.    Mr. Dolcini. Mr. Neugebauer, that is an excellent question, and it is one that we spend a lot of time thinking about and working on at the Farm Service Agency both here and in your home State of Texas and, frankly, every other place where we have FLP teams around the nation.    To address the issues that you raised earlier with me this year in Texas and other parts of the country, we sent jump teams in from other states that had a little more time on their hands to the degree that folks do have time on their hands and send them into Texas in 2 and 4 week details. We were able to address a lot of the backlog issues down there in Texas, and we were able to do that in Alabama as well.    In the year to come, though, I think that we are going to have to continue to employ creative approaches to our workload issues like that. We have also brought on a number of new farm loan officer trainees around the country, and we are bringing them up to speed as quickly as we can so that they are able to jump in and help out wherever they are needed as well.    We have had record years, as you probably know, on the farm loan program side at FSA over the last several years. In fact, in Fiscal Year 2015, we made nearly 27,000 direct loans and 8,400 guaranteed loans for a total portfolio of about $5.2 billion. That breaks the record last year, and we are likely to see continued interest in our programs in Fiscal Year 2016 as well.    It is one thing, of course, to make those loans and it is another to service those loans, and servicing takes longer. It takes a greater degree of expertise, and so one of the things that I am going to be focused on in Fiscal Year 2016 is ensuring that our folks in the field today have the appropriate training and background to service those loans appropriately, and to the degree that I need to reallocate resources and bring people in from different states to focus on servicing issues in the Midwest or the Southeast or far West, I am going do that as well    Mr. Dolcini. The work is going pretty well. I can't tell you today that I have a permanent solution, but we have worked closely with the Cotton Council to make sure that they have realtime information about pricing issues so that folks don't get caught in a bind and their members don't get surprised by a piece of financial news that comes out.    We will hopefully have a permanent solution, sir, this fall. I would be happy to come back up and visit with you personally about what we are doing there.    Mr. Dolcini. With regard to that specific question, sir, I am going to have to get back to you with a better and more definitive answer on that. I don't know that we have discussed that at this point, but it could be emanating from the staff level at the agency.    Mr. Dolcini. That is true.    Mr. Neugebauer.--before you issue the checks, and the question is: are you going to be able to do that in a timely basis so that those checks can go out on a----    Mr. Dolcini. Yes, that is our intent, sir.    Mr. Dolcini. We have had some good conversations in the last couple of days at the staff level. Mr. Abraham raised this question with me as well when I was last here, and we have come up with a proposed solution for the 2014 and 2015 crop years where producers on any farm may agree to allocate their generic base according to the contractual agreement that exists, which is, a better way to approach it.    For future years, we would likely want those producers to reconstitute their farms according to established policy, but in the near term, we see the need for some relief, and we are happy to provide that.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Thank you all.    Mr. Ashford, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Dolcini. I don't have a specific response for you, Congressman Scott, but I would be happy to review that report by the National Center, and I would also be happy to come up and meet with you and your staff here, along with the folks from the economic research division at the agency that work on peanut issues quite closely, and perhaps that can be a broader explanation of what the agency was doing.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Well, I very much appreciate that, and we will work around your schedule, work to accommodate you in any way we can, and we will get that report to you as soon as possible.    Mr. Dolcini. I appreciate that, sir    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. And, Mr. Willis, just kind of a general comment. I know that the cotton industry and cotton producers have been meeting with you about a couple of different issues with regard to STAX. They are very complimentary of you and the relationship that they have with you. I want to thank you for that and for working with them.    What kind of timeline do you expect that we will be operating under with notification of any changes for the next year?    Mr. Dolcini. Absolutely, Congresswoman, and it has been a pleasure to work with your staff on this issue here.    As you are aware, the Drought Monitor does not cover the Virgin Islands, and so we were lacking a comparative rainfall analysis which allows us to make determinations about counties or regions that are eligible for, in this case, the Livestock Forage Program.    We were able to make a comparative rainfall analysis using data from Caguas, Puerto Rico, and in the interim, and we are hopeful that we can work with the Drought Monitor to establish a more official presence on the Virgin Islands. The data from Caguas allowed us to extend 4 months' worth of LFP payments to affected livestock operations on the Virgin Islands. We are happy to continue to work with your office to make sure that folks better understand what the process is around our disaster assistance programs.    As you know, the Virgin Islands is administered out of our Florida State office and the State Executive Director gets over to the VI from time to time. Perhaps I can take a trip down to better understand.    Mr. Dolcini. Well, I appreciate that.    Mr. Dolcini. If I can convince Deputy Taylor to sign the travel authorization, I will be happy to do that. But we are happy to work with you, and we have a good interim solution here on the----    Mr. Dolcini. No, they are not sold on the secondary market. Our direct loans are made by the Farm Service Agency and serviced by the Farm Service Agency. That constitutes the bulk of our farm loan portfolio. We do have an extensive guaranteed program where we work with commercial lenders who participate in our guaranteed program, and we guarantee up to 95 percent of the body of the loan that is made.    It is really one of the best deals that the U.S. Government offers, and our delinquency rates are very low for both programs. In the case of emergencies, we have an Emergency Loan Program that operates in a very similar way to most of our direct loan programs, and that is an option for producers impacted by natural disasters as well.    Mr. Dolcini. I appreciate the opportunity to answer, Mr. Allen. The rule will apply for 2016 and subsequent years. There won't be a retroactive application of this rule. As Deputy Under Secretary Taylor has noted, we are working on the final rule now, and we received a number of comments from around the nation, including many from commodity organizations that we have incorporated into the way we are approaching this rule. We are also trying to keep closely to what the farm bill directed us to do.    And as you point out, there are exemptions for family members; there are exemptions for spouses, for others that are involved. And we really tried to focus on the large and complex--or large or complex--operations to determine how many payment limits would apply. But we are working on the rule as we speak, and we will certainly provide a good update to the Committee when that is in its appropriately final form.    Mr. Dolcini. That is a great question, sir, and I appreciate the opportunity to tell you a little bit about the Microloan Program as it has been one of the real shining stars in the Farm Service Agency loan portfolio since the program rolled out in January of 2013.    We have made to date nearly 15,000 microloans from Maine to Hawaii. Most of them have been $35,000 or less, but the 2014 Farm Bill increased the loan amount to $50,000, so now we are able to make loans of $50,000 or less; and we are also working on various new iterations of the Microloan Program as well. I like to think of it as 15,000 different American dream success stories because when I was the State Director in California, I saw firsthand the successes of the Microloan Program in building businesses, in adding jobs to rural economies, in allowing folks to expand their agricultural operations. And as Administrator in my travels, I have seen that all over the country, including recently in Louisiana.    So the Microloan Program has been a real success story for our agency and the farm loan folks around the country that work on microloans as well as our entire----    Mr. Dolcini. They are performing quite well. They are not performing at any level different than our direct and guaranteed programs. In fact, in some cases the returns have been better.    Mr. Dolcini. Yes, it is $5.2 billion worth of loans, sir.    Mr. Dolcini. That is right.    Mr. Dolcini. Well, you are right to point out that we are one of the largest ag lenders in the country, and we serve an appropriate role. Frankly, our friends and collaborators in many instances in the Farm Credit System and commercial banks work well with us, take advantage of the guaranteed program we offer. But in some cases just aren't willing to make some of the agricultural----    Mr. Dolcini. Absolutely. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Thompson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Dolcini. Sir, I would just add that you are absolutely right to point out the complicated technical environment that we work in here. What Brandon and I have tried to do between our two agencies is do more data sharing, and we have done it both with the ACRSI program that you mentioned as well as things like conservation compliance as well, trying to break down some of the IT silos that exist between the various agencies at USDA.    So, as Brandon said, you will see more rapid movement with regard to this particular initiative, but we are doing everything on the IT front at the Department of Agriculture in a more thoughtful and strategic and incremental way. We have learned a lot of lessons about how to implement big, complicated IT projects in the last several years, and we want to make sure that ACRSI is done right.