    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I think this is not only a critical issue here in our country but also as it relates to the labeling issues, a critical issue as we negotiate these trade agreements, both with the European allies and as well as in Asia.    I, Mr. Schmidt, was interested in your comments earlier on in terms of the polling sampling that you have taken and undergone, and what it really made me think about--and Dr., is it----    Mr. Costa. Dr. Federoff, is our lack of consumer education related to risk assessment or risk management? If it were not for all of the technology that we have employed post-World War II with regards to food and food safety, we would not have the longevity or the healthy lifestyle that we enjoy today. While we have problems with obesity and other things, it is more related to choices people make, as opposed to the quality of the food that we have.    How can we do a better job in educating folks about the better level of quality and the technologies that have been employed to make foods healthier and safer today?    Mr. Costa. A lot of the food processors and other companies and agricultural associations have tried to do education. I don't think it has been well-coordinated. But we do see that on occasion.    When you talked about 97 percent of the scientists, Dr. Federoff, were you talking about the safety of genetically modified foods? The general perception is obviously not at that level in terms of safety?    Mr. Costa. This is a real challenge.    Dr. Fedoroff.--for example. Right.    Mr. Costa. Especially in Europe right now.    Mr. Costa. We have a process for it. We have only been able to register a limited amount, and it is a lengthy and cumbersome process.    Mr. Costa. Trying to get agreement on the best science is always a challenge, and in some cases, let us be frank, it is used for basically leverage purposes as it relates to trade.    Mr. Costa. My time is almost up.    Mr. Costa. No, I know.    Dr. Fedoroff.--products in the market.    Mr. Costa. Ms. Lidback, as a person who grew up on a Portuguese dairy farm, I want to commend you for your efforts and encourage you to stay with it. I, too, know what to do with, the word manure. I grew up in that same setting as you and your family. I want to commend you and encourage you for your efforts and your courage to testify here today.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Yoho, for 5 minutes.