    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Madam Chair, and this is a great opportunity for those of us who sat around these tables and crafted the farm bill to kind of see and hear what our policy changes that we put into effect, and new and innovative approaches, how they are being implemented in the marketplace.    I want to follow up a little bit on what my colleague Mr. Benishek asked you, Dr. Hesterman, about the ability to put point of sale equipment into farmers' markets. I know that part of our policies that we put forth allows the states to get from the USDA upwards of $4 million to help with these point of sale equipment purchases. Can you tell me, has that program been effective, or are you taking advantage of it at any of the ones that you see in your community?    Mr. Davis. But is the State of Michigan giving any of these USDA dollars to those markets for the point of sale equipment?    Mr. Davis. Okay. Dr. Wright, are you taking advantage of that in Kentucky? Does your state?    Mr. Davis. So they just come to a specific area if they use     Mr. Davis. So the SNAP participant goes to the manager's tent, swipes the EBT card, gets the Double Bucks, and they hand them to the recipient so the recipient can go to the different booths, and then spend them how they wish?    Mr. Davis. On SNAP eligible items?    Mr. Davis. Why do you not like Illinois?    Mr. Davis. Part of my job is supporting Illinois farmers. No, thank you. Mr. Cooper, I am an Oakland Raider fan. I am very disappointed that they may move to San Antonio rather than St. Louis, but I won't hold that against you today. Can you tell us what is your process for the EBT point of sale equipment?    Mr. Davis. Did you take all $4 million?    Mr. Davis. And that is what you do?    Mr. Davis. So when a recipient like Ms. Kiley would come in, you would give her vouchers, tokens, or dollars?    Mr. Davis. All right. I hope we have a chance to ask a second round of questions, because I want to ask Ms. Kiley what your process has been, and see if it is as seamless as what you have talked about. She already answered it?    Mr. Davis. Okay.    Ms. Kiley.--whatever they double. And then I take it directly to the farmers. My only concern about that is what does it do for some of these families that might have--they are out there. Some of these families that might be a little conscious about being on SNAP, where you are at markets where you don't see as many SNAP participants. Tacoma Park Market is a perfect example of a market that is a little more--say upper echelon. And going to that booth, it does have a little bit of a stigma to it, maybe it is not used as much? But it has worked out very easily for me.    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you. Madam Chair, I apologize for going over.    The Chairwoman. Thank you. Congresswoman Adams, you are recognized for 5 minutes.