    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It has been an interesting discussion this morning. I want to start by following up on an earlier comment. Representative Bryan mentioned Pell Grants as if they were analogous to vouchers, but we have not as a country made access to higher education a universal right like we have with K-12 education. If we do, then it will be a sound analogy, but without that, we are talking apples and oranges.    It has been just a couple of months since our committee helped pass the Every Student Succeeds Act, which was a historic achievement, upholding the civil rights legacy of the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act.    That legacy was really part of a sustained commitment to deliver support to underserved public schools so every student in every community has access to a high-quality education.    Ms. Merriweather, your story is very inspiring. In fact, it inspires me to work even harder to make sure that every student in every school has caring teachers and small classes and high expectations.    I am concerned that today we are discussing the possibility of diverting taxpayer dollars from public schools to give students resources to attend private schools, which frequently are not held accountable to serving all students.    It is also unfortunate that school privatization efforts also tend to be based on the premise that our public schools are failing. That term keeps coming up, ``failing schools.'' Of course, we could do more to strengthen public education for all students, and there are students who struggle more than others in our schools.    We made significant progress with the Every Student Succeeds Act, but let's look at what our schools are doing well, especially when we consider resource challenges and the expectations that we rightly put on our public schools to serve every student, regardless of socioeconomic background, ability, or special needs. Today, drop-out rates are declining, more students are being challenged in advanced courses, and achievement gaps are narrowing.    We as policy makers have a responsibility to ensure an excellent education for all students in our country, and we should continue to work on policies that are consistent with that commitment.    In my district, Beaverton, Oregon is a school district that has several public school options in addition to comprehensive high schools. For example, there is an international school and a science and technology school, arts, and a health careers option, without diverting dollars to private schools. I firmly believe in that kind of choice within the public school system.    Dr. Huerta, I want to follow up on the consequences of school privatization efforts for students with disabilities. There was just an article in the Oregonian Newspaper in my state about Joey. Joey was attending a Catholic school in Portland, and he has Down Syndrome. He had some behavioral issues at school like many students do. His parents are dedicated to their parish, and they were actually paying about $2,000 a month for extra classroom assistance, but the school where Joey's three siblings attended and where his friends are, asked Joey to leave.    Your testimony mentions cost differentials and recognizes that delivering high-quality services to students with disabilities requires an investment of resources. So can you discuss how voucher programs relate to students like Joey and his circumstances? Do they generally offer sufficient resources to permit students like Joey to attend parochial and other private schools?    Ms. Bonamici. I do not want to interrupt, but I really want to get this other question that is so important. I represent a number of towns that are small, and they are rural, and their schools are the community hubs and sometimes the place where several generations of families have attended, so school privatization does not resonate in these towns because the closest alternative school might be typically another public school in another small town far away.    How do statewide voucher programs affect financial stability in rural public education?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. My time has expired. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.