    Mr. Farr. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And, Dr. Ostroff, before the new Commissioner takes hold, I just want to thank you for your public service and for your standing in and doing a great job.    Mr. Farr. I really appreciate it.    This is my last year in Congress and on this committee, and this is one of the areas I think when I came to Congress I knew very little about the FDA, and it has probably been one of the most fascinating agencies that I have had to deal with because I find that the responsibility you have just touches all aspects of our life. I had no idea how broad the responsibility was, not only from food safety. I always thought the Department of Agriculture did food safety, but it is FDA that does food safety, except for poultry and meat and eggs.    Drug development, everything that is out there, all those damn television ads on drugs, all of that has to go through you; even pet food standards and sun screens and beyond.    So the mission you have is huge, and I think that unfortunately, despite what the Chairman says, I think we give you awfully short shrift. We ask a lot and give you very little money to do it; big mission, small budget.    So I would like to explore that today, among others, and I really appreciate your help in helping us understand the interplay between the FDA mission and available resources because I think, again, we are asking a lot without a lot of money to be able to do it, and I would like to learn something about the backlog.    So I am ready to move into the questions, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Farr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate that line of questioning.    I think this is something where we have all, including industry and Secretary Vilsack, ought to be taking the lead in this. But what I do not understand in your answer to his question is that you are protecting the label for medical facts, but then you are going to allow it to be voluntarily adjusted.    I mean, how is that protecting the label?    Mr. Farr. Well, I guess that would be like the milk cartons that say that these cows are not treated with whatever. That is voluntary among the industry, right?    Mr. Farr. It does not speak to the health of the milk.    Mr. Farr. Well, Mr. Chairman, I hope sometime we just have a separate hearing on this because I know states, and California included, who are doing a statewide initiatives on this, and here we are. I mean, this is the crown jewel of labeling. You know, if this is going to be a whole new initiative that everybody decides, each state, about how they are going to label products in their state, I think it is going to create tremendous confusion and lose confidence of the consumer.    Anyway, I wanted to get back to my original comment about how I think your agency has been asked to do a lot and been given very little resources to do it. I wondered if you are maybe given too big of a mission and too small of a budget.    Can you tell me what are some of the tasks that might get short shrift because of the lack of adequate funding?    Can you name one or two programs where you wished you had more funds to do a better job?    Mr. Farr. Examples?    Mr. Farr. Well, I really appreciate it because Congresswoman Pingree and myself are very involved in specialty crops, which are essentially fresh vegetables, and my district is known as the salad bowl capital of the world, and we grow something like 70 percent of all the lettuce in the United States.    There is no kill step in them. You do not cook lettuce. So the food safety requirements that these farmers have adopted in specialty foods are really keen. California invented this with the leafy green marketing order.    What we are concerned about now is that there is going to be a new set of regulations and a whole bunch of bureaucracy that farmers are going to have to fill out in order to meet the Federal standards.    You talked about having enough money to implement the program and to prepare the farmers. Are you going to put the money in the states and really make sure that this is integrated with what is going on in the states so that we do not have to have another bunch of paperwork and information?    Mr. Farr. Well, for example, in California which already has a program in place, would you just absorb that as being adequate?    Mr. Farr. Would it cost them any more money?    Mr. Farr. Yes. Will the states and farmers have to pay more, like inspection fees for restaurants and things like that?    Mr. Farr. Thank you.    Mr. Farr. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I also share that line of questioning on generic labeling. We are concerned about the cost increase to them.    Every year this committee talks about the Department doing sunscreen labeling, and nothing gets done. Here we are lauding the Cancer Moonshot, and yet with sunscreen labeling, we have not gotten anything. This has gone on for years. What is the delay, and when are we going to get you to deal with it, sunscreen labeling?    Mr. Farr. Do you have a date when you are going to get to it?    Mr. Farr. I know. I just want a simple answer. I just remember earlier we were talking about GMOs. You said----    Mr. Farr . You do not pay much attention into the process. You want to know what the facts are. I think the questions we are asking is, the facts are, when are these dates going to happen? Is it going to be this year? Is it going to be something? Is this going to be back here asking the same question again next year as we did the last couple of years?    Mr. Farr. I do not care about process. Give me an answer of time.    Mr. Farr. And when will that be?    Mr. Farr. Never mind. Never mind.    Compounding. With the additional funds that we gave you to assist in the oversight of the pharmacy compounding for human and animal health, I am concerned, from the reports that I hear--and these are reports that are coming back to our office from patients, physicians, veterinarians, pharmacy groups, that the FDA is exceeding the authority granted by Congress in implementing the guidance for both human and animal drug compounding.    The concern expressed is that these actions will unreasonably limit the patient and provider access to compounded medications, and will result in the kind of legal challenges that Congress sought to prevent when it passed the Drug Quality and Security Act of 2013.    Given the language we included in last year's budget agreement, what assurances can FDA provide us that these resources are being spent in a way that does not confuse the ability of pharmacists to compound human drugs versus veterinary drugs?    Mr. Farr. But Dr. Ostroff, I have never had anybody in front of this committee that is better at talking bureaucracy and not getting--you always talk process. The questions here--everybody has been asking all day for dates, times, when are we going to get decisions. And you talk about, well, we are doing stuff, but nothing to answer. I do not know what assurances you are giving us. But let me go on to another question. Maybe I can get a straight answer.    Congress required the FDA to promulgate and update regulations on medical gases by July 9th of this year. That is only three and a half months away. Yet the FDA has not even issued a proposed rule on the topic. I know that the FDA has issued guidance on the matter, but that guidance is not helpful to the industry because inspectors are relying on old regulations and ignoring the new guidance. When will FDA issue the regulation as the law is intended?    Mr. Farr. That is a ``when'' question. When?    Mr. Farr. When?    Mr. Farr. When?    Mr. Farr. By July 9th?    Mr. Farr. All right. Then I want to just follow up on Nita's question. Time is out. But this is just a ``when.'' When will the tobacco regulations get vaping under control?    Mr. Farr. This year?    Mr. Farr. Commissioner, I want to follow up on your China questions. But first, if you are going to promulgate any new rules or regulations, I hope, with the craziness going on in American politics right now, that you will bring the mental health drugs up to the priority because this country needs a lot of them right now, including Congress. Mr. Farr. Do you take those samples in China, or are those samples from the stores here? Shouldn't we try to stop stuff before it even gets into the United States?    Mr. Farr. Didn't you stop certain manufacturers from importing these treats?    Mr. Farr. It appears to be abated?    Mr. Farr. Abating. Fewer deaths. Still--but there is still----    Mr. Farr. So what does that all mean? You are just going to continue to monitor, try to find the----    Mr. Farr. All right.    Mr. Farr. Would you yield on that? I would like to just have some discussion on that. I mean, the fear also was unintended consequences. This rule would prohibit the research that could be done on building organs and things like that. I think that the motivation here was to not allow designer babies, and I think we unanimously supported that. But I think the way the language came out, it could not be much broader.    So I do not want to stop this research. So it is going to move offshore, and America will lose all of this opportunity.    Mr. Farr. What is it going to do to beneficial research?    Mr. Farr. What will the consequences be, then?    Mr. Farr. Is that a good thing for America?    Mr. Farr. Well, you could debate that Congressional intent. And we tried to make sure there was not quite as extreme as I think it is being interpreted. But I think that is not a good future for this country in medical research. I agree with the Chairman on some things, but I think this research is going to go on in the world. It is just not going to occur in the United States, and we are going to lose a lot of great minds that will be moving to other countries to be involved in research.    Mr. Farr. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for convening the meeting today, and I look forward to our discussion.    And I thank all of you for coming to this hearing. Many of you may know that I am retiring at the end of this year, and these are my last Ag. Appropriations hearings. I am very reflective on lessons that I have learned and issues that I have taken up.    But as I look back on subjects that I cared a lot about, I came here from the California State legislature where I created the first organic standards law in the Nation, which Senator Leahy and Senator Cranston offered as the Federal standard. They used our bill as the model and then came back here and, frankly, Mr. Chairman, we told Secretary Glickman at the time because he had not adopted the rules some 8 years later that if he did not adopt the rules, we were going to remove his salary from the budget. So we got the Federal rules adopted.    What is amazing is just to see what has happened with that industry. It is, you know, a multimillion dollar industry nationwide, but I think as it emerged it is new and it essentially had to carry its own kind of cost of enforcement and certification, but I think as they move into major, major efforts in agriculture, the fastest growing economic engine in agriculture is organic sales, but I think that these producers need to be provided the support as traditional commodity crops and others have gotten research, things like that, as in sort of a new law, a new industry.    I think in most cases with flat funding, you have got to rob Peter to pay Paul, but I think that there is so much in savings coming out of less inputs for producers that they can make the savings on those, and we ought to transfer some of those savings into providing the support that organic is going to need.    And then over my tenure I have certainly learned a lot about what we call specialty crops. I think when I arrived here, we called them ``minor crops''. Congressman Valadao certainly knows about specialty crops because we grow over 400 crops in California. I think we grow 40 crops that no other state grows.    All the almonds come from California. All of the pistachios come from California, and most of the strawberries in this country come from my district, and that is about $2.5 billion.    Over one-third of the country's vegetables and two-thirds of the country's fruits are grown in California.    So, again, this is really going from a minor crop where we were trying to decide, well, will we help them out with pesticide reduction and alternative uses and things like methyl bromide, the research that is necessary, and I hope that this industry will get similar help, those afforded the large commodities.    On animal rights issues, I in the California legislature banned the puppy mills and buying and selling animals from puppy mills in California. I was just thinking the other day that all of these animals you see performing in movies now, dogs driving cars, in California we created a retirement account just like other actors and performers get so that when they get too old there is a benefit to put them into a retirement home for performing animals.    We created the first Red Wings horse retirement farm for people that bought horses that had been sold for slaughter and things like that where they actually would buy them and then put them in a pasture where they could retire.    We banned horses from being hauled to slaughter on cattle trucks which were built for cows that do not have long necks.    And so the list goes on and on, and I have certainly been interested in the humane treatment of animals at the federal level.    I was with a Republican. We tried to ban performing elephants and we had quite a hearing with a lot of these movie stars, and the bill never got out of committee. But last year Barnum & Bailey decided not to use elephants anymore in circuses, and I think a lot of the issues that we brought up here they paid attention to.    And now we are going into a new era. I represent probably 25 or 30 marine research entities, both public and private, around Monterey Bay, and I think what we are looking at is the new marine mammal rules, and I would hope that we would have the ability to respond to the animal diseases that are coming out of marine mammals that could be really fatalistic to tourism and an eco-economy on the oceans.    So I look forward to all of these discussions and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this hearing and allowing me my time.    Mr. Farr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Talking about specialty crop pests and combatting those pests with all of the input from transportation hubs and international hubs, both land and sea and air, there are always pests coming in unexpectedly and creating outbreaks of non-native threats.    And one of those was the light brown apple moth, and we kind of hoisted our own petard because we told countries that if they had any light brown apple moth, we were not going to allow any of their produce into our country and then, lo and behold, we have it, and in order to export our product we have to certify that every crate essentially has to be inspected, hand inspected, and including all foreign exports.    So I want the Department to tell me that it will direct adequate resources to ensure that the agricultural export markets impacted by LBAM quarantines will be protected going forward.    And how does the USDA plan to balance the competing regulatory needs for the nursery industry while providing sufficient resources and infrastructure for the core regulatory program for exports?    Mr. Farr. Quickly. Why do I not ask my questions and then you can answer them, and if not we can get them back?    The other was many parts of the country and in my district more and more producers are differentiating their products as locally grown, organic or grass fed or other ways to tap into the rapidly growing markets that everybody wants, you know, local and fresh. It is important for the industry to have up to date information on changes in the market so that they can adapt quickly and make informed business decisions.    So this question really goes to the work of going through the market news to track and report these growing markets so that farmers, buyers, aggregators, sellers and others will have information that they need.    Are we paying attention to that?    Just a nod, that is good. I am going to have to be careful of time because I run over more than anybody does.    The National Organic Program is charged with regulating, enforcing organic regulations as well as ensuring that they evolve to keep pace with consumer expectations. They asked for a small increase. As the organic sector grows, the job of NOP grows.    Does the small request for the increase in NOP keep pace with what is happening with the farm, ranch and consumer needs in organic?    Do I have any time left?    The other question I have is, and this is one that I am really kind of ticked that I never can get a hard answer for, and it has to do with the organic aquaculture rule. So many people in our area are interested in organic aquaculture. Certainly we cannot just keep hauling everything out of the wild ocean and expect it to be sustainable. We have got to start shifting and growing our fish and shellfish in an organic way in aquaculture.    I know that the USDA has got a proposed rule to OMB last August. They were supposed to have 90 days to review it, and it is really held up. But as I understand it is held up by National Oceanic Atmospheric administration (NOAA) now, but it is your rule. So who takes the lead to get it out of NOAA and get it adopted?    And that is the last question I will ask for this round.    Mr. Farr. We understand that.    Mr. Farr. In about a minute.    Mr. Farr. How are we doing in creating that grass-fed as an organic meat? Because, you know, that is the process that is so costly. You have to have your slaughter certified and everything and then keep it identified as organic, and a lot of people want to create smaller slaughtering centers.    Does the newsletter keep that information?    Mr. Farr. I would like some copies of that.    Mr. Farr. How much is the state paying?    Mr. Farr. No, I'm interested in what we do. Usually the first money comes from the growers themselves, you know, through their association marketing orders. But I think the question is, will you sustain it. And if not, I mean, is there a standard? I mean, disaster assistance, 75 federal and 25 local. That's sort of the standard. Is that the standard in matching these outbreaks?    Mr. Farr. Well, thank you very much. On the hot seat. You said you're working on the organic aquaculture rule?    Mr. Farr. But I want a hard answer, because everybody's been working on it for a long time.    Mr. Farr. Now, when?    Mr. Farr. Tell me what some of that is. Because I understood that they sort of flipped it over to NOAA.    Mr. Farr. Well, it was submitted in August, so----    Mr. Farr . Is there a time frame?    Mr. Farr. I know. I don't want a specific date. I just want like, you know, months or, before the end of the like, summer, or.    Mr. Farr. You don't know how many times that's the answer we've gotten this year on these questions of rules and time, and studies and everything.    Mr. Farr. But it's really not fair to the consumer, just to, you know, pay--we have our process, and we say it's going to take 90 days or take whatever it is. I mean, we in government. And then the government can't give us an answer. I think you got to--you've got to put the time frame that's allowed in law, we've exhausted. So we keep delaying it, because we're getting more and more questions. But you got to take some leadership on this and just jam this thing through.    Mr. Farr. Well, I'd kind of like to know what those things are. Can you give us a letter or whatever it is, or talk to my staff about it?    Mr. Farr. We get a call a day from our constituents on this. This is how important it is. They worked years putting the proposed suggestions together.    Mr. Farr. And they can't just understand why government hasn't accepted their suggestions. They're all professionals. They're in the industry.    Mr. Farr. All right. Well, let's get it done. Thank you. I've never been able to get a hard answer on that. In 2012, the GAO Horse Welfare Report made some recommendations regarding inspections, especially to improve completion and oversight of travel certificates for horses crossing the Canadian and Mexican borders. My own daughter, you know, in shipping her horse to Canada for a horse show, landed in all kinds of problems. So just getting across the Canadian border, proving ownership and all that, and health records. So I really experienced that. Because she called me at three in the morning, wanting to know if I could help. Can you provide some follow up on any changes that have come from these recommendations?    Mr. Farr. Well, there were, in 2011. The GAO Horse Welfare Report made some recommendations regarding inspections. And especially improved completion and oversight of these travel certificates for horses crossing the borders. And you were supposed to, the agency, well, you are probably supposed to get back to, what those improvements were. Or where they are.    Mr. Farr. All right. According to another report, you're, this year's budget, you're currently, you currently own 41 operational aircraft, that you use by the Wildlife Services. And the budget this year is asking for $8 million more, to expand the fleet. I presume that's the aircraft fleet. Apart from aerial gutting, what other activities are carried out by these aircraft? And given the high cost of aerial gutting operations and human risks involved, what are the alternatives that have been looked at by the research arm?    Mr. Farr. So what are the activities that are being conducted out of those aircraft, and what are the alternatives to guiding operations from the air?    Mr. Farr. Can we get any other bang for the buck? I mean, from just, from use of those aircraft? Or is it just used for aerial----    Mr. Farr. Are there any alternatives to that? It's expensive----    Mr. Farr . Predator control.    Mr. Farr. Well, those are alternatives. And I think that's a good idea. Are your ideas, is there any money in your budget for that? It's certainly cheaper than helicopters.    Mr. Farr. Well, I appreciate that. Particularly for the compound 1080 Livestock Protection. I know that there have been protracted deaths and unintended non-predators from consumption of 1080. So.    Mr. Farr. My time's up.    Mr. Farr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to state I think that the Chair is sort of precautionary, in rulemaking. But, look, we're all hired, or elected to do a job up until we're not doing it. So you have to carry out your responsibilities in law to do everything that you're responsible for doing. And I don't think you ought to hold back. I mean, we're not a lame duck until after November 8th. That's when new President will be President Elect and will be putting in their administration. And we'll know who won the Congressional seats.    But as long as we're in Congressional offices or Senate Offices, they ought to be doing their job. And the President ought to nominate people for the appointments that he's Constitutionally responsible to do. And Congress should do its job by confirming or rejecting him. But I just, this idea that there's going to be a new administration next year, and that we ought to just stop government right now is ridiculous. I wouldn't be here. Because why should any Member of Congress show up to any meeting or introduce any legislation or have ideas? So I feel very strongly, we're all hired to do our job responsibly. And if it takes making rules to address concerns, then make them.    One of the things that the Chairman and I are very concerned about is that we directed the ARS to execute an agreement with APHIS within 90 days of enactment, to deal with the U.S. Meat and Animal Research Center (MARC). With great concern to the subcommittee after the New York Times story alleged animal mistreatment. And you were--the inspections that were supposed to be consistent with the Animal Welfare Act, at each ARS research facility that uses animals in research. That directive was reaffirmed in the conference report that both houses adopted, and the President signed.    For the benefit of the public and our Members, will you give us a status report on this timetable? And I understand you are currently doing pre-compliance inspections of all ARS facilities. Are these just a walkthrough, or can they uncover issues that need to be address? And have any issues of concern been found? And if so, what are they? And as a follow up, because of the information we received, it's really unclear that you in fact do unannounced inspections on all your facilities following the pre-compliance inspections. And we actually got a copy of one of the inspection reports. It's one page. It seems to be a little flimsy on what actually was done. How can we be sure that you're doing your job as requested by Congress?    Mr. Farr. But the question is, how thorough are these inspections? Are you discovering things, and are they then addressing what you're discovering?    Mr. Farr. Are you going to do unannounced inspections at all of your----    Mr. Farr. And those as you said are online, then, the findings?    Mr. Farr. OK. Because I think that's going to reestablish some confidence in our government responsibilities.    Mr. Farr. I appreciate that. Thank you for taking it up. I thought I would get you the answers for our rulemaking. I'm going to find out when the unannounced--Chairman, I have no further questions. And we're breaking for 10 days. And so have a nice break.    Mr. Farr. Well, Mr. Chairman, I just Googled how much food you are talking about of our production. It is 0.015 percent. Do you think that if we just stopped the entire program that our American agriculture is going to fall apart?    I am surprised, and frankly, I have been struggling with this for years. This ought to be a Republican issue. This is the most expensive food in the world you want to cut, squeeze and trim. What we are doing here is trying to feed people and, boy, do we need to.    I just came out of a seminar about Syria. They have murdered 300,000 people in Syria. Every professional is leaving. They are leaving by boat. They go to Greece, and they walk all the way to Germany with their families. These are like lawyers and doctors, professional people.    And all that food that is supporting all of these refugee camps is all done by USAID and comes from these programs.    So it is absolutely essential for these refugee camps to make sure that the food is there, but I think what is happening is you have got to put these countries back together and they have got to have agrarian countries. Their economic start, their first step is in agriculture, even if it is in small stuff that just can feed a village so that they do not have to migrate.    I mean, it gets into all of these issues with Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) and stuff like that. I know when we were in Africa, the irony is that Tanzania has banned GMO corn. GMO corn is the only kind of corn that will grow in that kind of climate.    I mean, these are real serious issues. You know, we get lobbied heavily by the Seafarers Union. I voted for this amendment and I was a member of the Seafarers Union. I was in the Merchant Marine when I was in college. They hate me, but I just think it is the right thing to do.    I know the farmers, but I mean, frankly, we are not talking about a lot of food that if our commodity growers did not get to buy from the U.S. for Food for Peace or other food programs, they would not go bankrupt.    I would just like to have you comment on this. Ms. Palmieri, is that your program?    Mr. Farr. I just Googled it. I do not know what the real data is.    Mr. Farr. How is our marketing program? Is there any MAP Program where we try to encourage countries to buy American agriculture, for example, strawberries in the Southern Hemisphere during their winter and our summer?    Here with one hand we are spending taxpayer money to encourage advertising of American products, and with the other hand we are just giving the stuff all over the world with no cost. The taxpayer is paying for that, too, the give-away program and the marketing program.    Do people look at how we can use both of those programs and maybe develop better infrastructure within country so that they can buy our food rather than getting it for free?    Mr. Farr. Well, that is helpful. I appreciate that. I am glad that there is the carrot there as well as the stick.    Mr. Farr. Thank you. I am not dead yet. Mr. Farr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to make a comment about Food for Peace. I mean, my feeling here is that Secretary Vilsack said the other day that the privilege we all have to choose a profession is because we have people growing food for us, and we do not have to go out there and grow it. We do not have to produce our food every day in our house.    And it seems to me that in our Food for Peace, do we not want these poorest countries who are at risk for all kinds of national, international risk, security risks because of migration and starvation; should we not be teaching them how to fish so that they can, indeed, produce professionals?    It is interesting that on TPP you said was 40 percent of the world market. None of the countries we send the food to are part of that. I mean, these countries have gotten on their feet, and now they can participate in trade with us.    And it seems to me that we are going to have a strong world economy if we can work people out of poverty, and we cannot work them out of poverty unless they can at least start with growing their own food and having their own local markets.    That is my comment. I just want to say that Mr. Yoder was talking about breaking down export barriers. I wish our former colleague Jo Ann Emerson were here today. She was a very active member of this committee, a Republican from Missouri, and she and I were involved in the first bipartisan Cuba Working Group, and I think she sat here trying to figure out how we could break down this political barrier that we have created in the United States so that farmers in Missouri and other States could do business with Cuba.    Now, there is some money in here to open up an office in Cuba. I am very excited about that. We sold $367 million worth of goods to Cuba last year.    What will this office do in Cuba? How will it help the farmers now and in the future?    Mr. Farr. Thank you very much.    The last question I have is how is RMA going to expand access to crop insurance for diversified, sustainable and organic farms, and what more can we expect to see from RMA in the fear future?    Mr. Farr. So you will continue to expand that as time runs out and we have got to go.    Mr. Farr. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.