    Mr. Wolking. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Napolitano, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to be here today.    I represent the Great Lakes Metro Chambers Coalition, which is a group of Midwestern chambers dedicated to the competitiveness of the Great Lakes trading region, emphasizing Federal actions that will accelerate our region's economic comeback. We have an appreciation of the fundamental role of manufacturing in our region and a tight focus on targeted key issues especially important to this region.    Together with the Great Lakes Manufacturing Council, we have pioneered the notion that the binational Great Lakes region is the third largest economy in the world when you take the combined State and provincial GDPs together.    More about our agenda and our issues is in this brochure. I am happy to make that available to the subcommittee with your leave.    At the center of our region is the Great Lakes. It is a fundamental transportation artery, as Chairman Gibbs has noted, but it is also from a different perspective, a defining and precious geographic asset. It is the most important body of freshwater in the world. It is critical to the economic well-being of our region, the social fabric of our region, and the employment of many thousands of people, and it is key to the region's and Nation's future.    A critical consideration is whether you can have growth and economic development and quality environment at the same time, and it used to be that people thought it was a false choice between growth and the environment and you had to choose one or another.    But with technology and processes we have today, we can have both clean, desirable waterways and economic growth, and that is often cited by political, business and community leaders.    Our coalition's Great Lakes-related priorities include what has been mentioned here before a time or two: the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, which is very important to the lakes; prevention of Asian carp; and eradication from the Mississippi and Ohio watersheds which sit on the doorstep of our region, and obviously the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative where we spend much of our time.    The effects of this program, the GLRI, are enormous. More than 2,500 projects that GLRI has been involved in overall; over 5,300 miles of U.S. coastland; and 99 percent of the funds have been obligated.    We have gone over the numbers and the five pillars from other speakers. I will not belabor those, but those pillars are very, very important to the region's future.    Some have tried to pin a specific ROI on this wide-ranging initiative. Our view is that that takes major time. There is a lot of interrelated, intricate, hard to quantify moving parts. It is complicated work, but we are learning. About 10 years ago a Brookings group calculated an ROI that was about 3\1/2\ to 1. More recently a Grand Valley State University Muskegon Lake project calculated an ROI of about 6 to 1.    These are systems approaches, however, and they are hard to model, but we would say the real key to all of this is that everybody in our region knows that this is the right thing to do and that if we stay the course, good things, many good things, are going to come of this initiative.    It is bringing activity back, and it is vital to placemaking, which plays such a fundamental role in economic growth and decisions today.    We support the minimum $300 million annual investment, which we think is a sensible level in these challenging times. We heartily support the notion of H.R. 223, the Great Lakes Restoration Improvement Act, for continuity purposes and to really solidify this program for the next 5 or so years.    We are very supportive of the EPA's action plan II and obviously that adds up to being supportive of the fundamental work that this initiative is accomplishing.    Many things are working in this approach. You can see the results. That is an important part of it. The multiagency interdisciplinary approach is key. We can build on this project, this initiative and gain momentum from our results, from learning how to work on this together, and also from engaging more stakeholders.    A question came up, how to do better. Really there are a few things I would recommend on high-level terms and leave the details to the experts.    Number one, a formal authorization of H.R. 223 is very important.    Also, improved consultation, collaboration and coordination both vertically, up and down between Federal and State agencies, and local communities as well as across the range of Federal agencies.    Obviously the measuring and the monitoring systems are key, and the improvements that are coming in action plan II. The data, the stories, making everything accessible to all, and also the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Action Plan II, also very, very important to the future.    And one final comment, thinking about Canada, it is very, very important to think of our relationship to our neighbor to the north. They are also the other key stakeholder.    Thank you.    Mr. Wolking. If I may, yes. I think you need to understand, too, that getting there gets us to a point where we can say we have accomplished these objectives, but we also have to be able to sustain, and these are changing ecological and environmental systems. So can we also sustain and can we also then find there are other needs as well?    We do not know.    Mr. Wolking. I think that is the most difficult part of this whole process when we are talking about measuring in metrics. I think it is easier to measure the environmental impact and results, but then when you start talking about, well, what economic activity proceeds from that, it is a lot more complicated than saying we are putting a machine on the floor that can put out a certain number of parts at a certain estimated cost, and we are borrowing X funds at X percent.    You know, this is different, and it would seem to me that there is a great opportunity here if we stay the course to observe as we have finished projects and we have attained results to watch what happens in those communities, which partly will be as a result of what has been accomplished with the initiative.    Again, you are talking about people and systems and environment, and they all come together. There are many things that go into the soup, but clearly I think as we get more time under our belts observing what we have been able to accomplish and observe what happens in the communities as we go forward I think we will be able to see measurable results. That can at least partly be attributed and tied back to the initiative.    It is the level of activity, I think. That is a great word to keep in mind. As these things happen and are completed, you are going to see activity as a result in those areas, whereas before you were seeing no activity.