    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you, Chairman Smith, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and members of the Subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss with you today the IRS's ongoing efforts in regard to cybersecurity and identity theft. Securing our systems and taxpayer data continues to be a top priority for the IRS. Even with our constrained resources as a result of repeatedly decreased funding over the past few years, we continue to devote significant time and attention to this challenge. We work continuously to protect our main computer systems from cyber-attacks and to safeguard taxpayer information stored in our databases. These systems withstand more than one million attempts to access them each day.    We're also continuing to battle a growing problem of stolen identify refund fraud. Over the past few years, we've made steady progress in protecting against fraudulent refund claims and criminally prosecuting those who engage in this crime.    But we've found the type of criminal we are dealing with has changed. This problem used to be random individuals filing a few dozen or a few hundred false tax returns at a time. Now we're dealing more and more with organized-crime syndicates here and in other countries. They're gathering unimaginable amounts of personal data as noted from sources outside the IRS so they can do a better job of impersonating taxpayers, evading our return processing filters, and obtaining fraudulent refunds.    To improve our efforts against this complex and evolving threat, in March 2015 we joined with the leaders of the electronic tax industry and the private sector, the software industry and the states to create the Security Summit Group. This is an unprecedented partnership that is focused on making the tax filing experience safer and more secure for taxpayers in 2016 and beyond.    Our collaborative efforts with the private sector and state tax commissioners have already shown concrete results this filing season. For example, Security Summit partners have helped us improve our ability to spot potentially false returns before they are processed. Over the past year, we've seen three examples of what identity thieves are capable of and why we can't let up in this fight. In each case we detected and stopped unauthorized attempts to access online services on our website, IRS.gov, by criminals masquerading as legitimate taxpayers. One of the services targeted, as noted, was our``Get Transcript'' online application used by taxpayers to quickly obtained a copy of their prior year return. Another, as noted, was the online tool to retrieve lost identity protection personal identifier numbers, or IP PINs. Taxpayers who previously were victims of identity theft used these PINs to prove their identity when they filed a return. And the third was a tool that some people used to generate a PIN number when they e-filed their tax returns. In all three cases, criminals were trying to use our online tools to help them pretend to be legitimate taxpayers and sneak past false returns past our fraud filters. These incidents, which unfortunately in the case of ``Get Transcript'' access, resulted in the loss of taxpayer information for thousands of taxpayers before the application was disabled, has shown us that improving our reaction time to suspicious activity isn't enough. We need to be able to anticipate the criminals' next moves and attempt to stay ahead of them. The ongoing work of the Security Summit Group will be critical to our success here.    As we confront the challenge of identity theft, we're also working to expand and improve our ability to interact with taxpayers online to meet taxpayers' increasing demand for digital services. We are aware, however, that in building toward this enhanced online experience, we must continually upgrade and improve our ability to verify the identity of taxpayers using these services. Taxpayers will only use these services if they're confident that they are safe and secure. So we're in the process of developing a strong, coordinated authentication framework.    We have a delicate balance to maintain here. We need to keep the criminals out while letting the legitimate taxpayers in. Our goal is to have the strongest possible authentication process for our ongoing services while maintaining the ability of taxpayers to access their data and use IRS services online.    Congress can provide critical support by providing adequate resources for these efforts. We appreciate the $290 million in additional funding Congress provided for fiscal 2016, which included funds to improve cybersecurity and fight identity theft. We used over $100 million of that funding and are using it now in those areas. Sustaining and increasing funding in this area will be critical as we move forward.    Another way Congress can help us is by passing legislative proposals to improve tax administration and cybersecurity. One of the most important requests we have made is for the reauthorization of streamlined critical pay, the loss of which has made it very difficult, if not impossible, to recruit and retain employees with expertise in highly technical areas such as information technology.    Chairman Smith, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and members of the Subcommittee, this concludes my statement. I'd be happy to take your questions.    Mr. Koskinen. I don't think there's any financial institution of any size in the world that can give you 100 percent guarantee. As you noted, the organized criminals we're dealing with are increasingly sophisticated and well-funded but I can tell you it is the highest priority for us. I can tell you that, knocking on wood thus far, our basic database, notwithstanding the over million attacks a day, continues to remain secure. We have not had a data breach into the database but we do not think that that necessarily means we can stop. In fact, we're using $95 million of the additional funding that Congress gave us on cybersecurity to deal with in fact the issues that you've heard about, that is, continuous monitoring, being able to in fact segment our systems to protect them.    So all I can tell you is, we're doing everything we can at this point. The basic database has been secure. We hope it will be secure. But as I say, I can't give you 100 percent guarantee it'll always be secure.    Chairwoman Comstock. Now, my understanding, and actually the Speaker was interested in this hearing as he's been interested in what's going on with the IRS, and he had asked about the IRS cybersecurity staff has been cut as the budget increased. Why did the agency cut its cybersecurity staff when they received additional resources?    Mr. Koskinen. That's an incorrect statement. The cybersecurity staff--all of our staff, we're down 15,000 people. We'll be down 17,000 people over the last five years because of budget cuts. The cybersecurity staff, the IT staff, in fact, has gone up somewhat. Our budget for IT has gone down $200 million over the last five years. We are using the $95 million of the $290 million, as I said, for cybersecurity and we're hiring 55 additional new people in information technology to deal with cybersecurity. So there has been no significant cut in cybersecurity compared to anything else. We have far more people lost in revenue agents, officers and criminal investigators. So I would stress, when we've been given the money, and I think year will establish it, we put it to work effectively and efficiently. There are taxpayer dollars that deserve to be spent wisely.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay, and now who is the person who is in charge of cybersecurity at the IRS?    Mr. Koskinen. The person in charge of cybersecurity left a few weeks ago. He was one of the people on streamline critical pay, and without the reauthorization, we're trying to fill that spot. All of it reports to our Chief Technology Officer, also who will be leaving because of the expiration of streamline critical pay. It is important for everyone to understand, we have----    Chairwoman Comstock. So right now the person who's in charge of cybersecurity is leaving and the person----    Mr. Koskinen. Has left.    Chairwoman Comstock. Has left, and----    Mr. Koskinen. The person he reports to----    Chairwoman Comstock. --the person who he's reporting to, the CTO, so the cybersecurity leadership has left the building?    Mr. Koskinen. We have people replacing them internally but what we need, as Congressman Lipinski said, Congress needs to give us the reauthorization to allow us to hire the highest skilled, capable IT security experts we can. We struggle otherwise. We find good people in the private sector and say if you'll sit there for three to six months while we work you through the process and fill out the applications, we'll be able to hire you, and these people are in great demand. Our people are in great demand. The people who are leaving are being recruited by the best companies in the world.    Chairwoman Comstock. Well, certainly you've been aware of the problems here in cybersecurity given all the recent breaches, so when this--you know, you don't have these people now but what kind of planning had been going into this so you'd have that kind of talent pool when this expired, when you lost the people.    Mr. Koskinen. We have succession plans. We have replaced the Director of Cybersecurity on an acting basis but that's one of the reasons that the most critical request we have for Congress is to give us the additional support we need to bring people of the highest skills into the agency.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Now, have you talked with other agencies about how they're dealing with cybersecurity and----    Mr. Koskinen. We talk with them all the time. We work closely with the Department of Homeland Security, the Justice Department, the FBI, others, and----    Chairwoman Comstock. And how often do you personally have meetings with these cybersecurity leaders within the agency?    Mr. Koskinen. I've met with the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security and I've met with----    Chairwoman Comstock. No, I mean with these people who just left. What type of meetings did you have sort of to emphasize that this was--you say it's a top priority so it's the top priority and we have the two people are leaving, I was wondering how often you were--okay, you guys are leaving, who do we have to replace and what are we doing for the succession plan?    Mr. Koskinen. I met with the Chief Technology Officer probably every two weeks. I have a regular monthly meeting with him for over an hour to review all of the matters of information technology. He participated in all of our senior executive meetings.    Chairwoman Comstock. I see my time has expired. Now I'll recognize Mr. Lipinski for five minutes.    Mr. Koskinen. As you noted, we're dealing with a moving target. Life is getting more complicated. The challenges are more sophisticated. When the Get Transcript application was designed and formulated in 2011 and 2012, the out-of-wallet questions were in fact a standard way of verification that was used by banks and financial institutions. The analysis was done, and the determination was made that at that time that was the appropriate authentication in light of the balance, as you know, between convenience for the consumers and the risks. As identify fraud and identity theft has increased and the sophistication has increased, it has become clear that questions that used to be answered only by the taxpayer now are actually more easily answered, although half the time the criminals can't even answer them. But I would note on the Get Transcript, 22 percent of legitimate taxpayers could not answer their own out-of-wallet questions, so it's not as if anybody could walk in and answer those questions. But it become clear over time that in fact more and more information was in the hands of the public and the out-of-wallet questions were no longer sufficient but that was not the decision and not the situation when it started.    I would note that we value and work cooperatively and collaboratively with the IG and GAO. Over the last few years we've had over 2,000 recommendations from them, and we work and we take them seriously, and in fact, we are implementing them as quickly as we can. As we move forward with the IP PIN, the determination was made, as noted, discussed with the IG, that it was an important service for people trying to file in January when they got their new PIN in January if they lost it to be able to access it. What we did was add another layer of authentication in the sense that we marked every Social Security number when anybody got an IP PIN access, put that into a file, and every return filed with those Social Security numbers is put through a review. If there's any questions, we write taxpayers. A number of the letters the taxpayers are getting are to re-authenticate them before we will process those returns. As a result, we've determined that over 40,000--about 135,000 accesses were made. Forty thousand returns that have been filed have been authenticated as legitimate taxpayers. Over 5,000 have been stopped because they were fraudulent, and we determined those were fraudulent. We're continuing to review those as they are filed but we were satisfied at the start, and we discussed this with the IG in December and January, that the additional monitoring of literally every return against those Social Security numbers would increase our authentication ability.    In February, as we saw more volumes of what looked like suspicious access, because we were monitoring volumes as well, we agreed with the IG that we should bring the app down, and if anybody wanted their PIN we would mail it to them rather than having it accessible during filing season immediately. We are now, as noted, developing a multifactor authentication, which is difficult to do because we don't have immediate access to telephone numbers and other issues, but the tradeoff is, as I said, 22 percent of people couldn't get through to answer their own out-of-wallet questions. We think with the new multifactor authentication, it will be difficult for as many as 50 percent of taxpayers to get in but it will be much more difficult for the criminals. And so we're always in that balance of how difficult and burdensome will it be for taxpayers compared to how impossible can we make it for the criminal.    But it's an ongoing battle. As we design this system, it won't be the perfect system forever. We'll need to continue to monitor and assess what's happening. We'll need to continue the partnership we're developing with the private sector and with banks and others to compare notes about how we're doing. We continue to follow the NIST and OMB guidelines to the extent that they're there and, as I say, when we started with the IP PIN and Get Transcript 3 or four years ago, developing it, the standard was in fact being able to identify someone with out-of-wallet questions, and we've changed that and we're moving, but it's going to be more difficult for taxpayers.    Mr. Koskinen. We're working on those GAO. As I said, we've had a couple thousand recommendations over time. GAO has done a very great service for us in the last year of prioritizing of the range of recommendations which are the highest priorities, and we are working on those. Our hope----    Mr. Koskinen. The earlier 49, I don't have that number for you. I'll have to get that for you. But our goal is to implement all of them. There's been some question about why we didn't immediately sign on to the most recent ones but the process is, we are supposed to advise Congress within 60 days of the detailed timeline, and we will provide you with the timeline for solutions to all of those.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. We'll be able to provide you that information in the next week.    Mr. Koskinen. Because I don't have that information with me. I'll have to get it from----    Mr. Koskinen. Some members of my staff sitting there can try to do that. We'd be delighted.    Mr. Koskinen. Pardon?    Chairwoman Comstock. I said we have computers and assistants here. They don't have paper with them.    Mr. Koskinen. We actually don't issue refunds where there's a Social Security number on the return and a name that doesn't match.    Mr. Koskinen. I think the issue you're dealing with is people who aren't able to get a Social Security number file with an IP PIN.    Mr. Koskinen. And those IP PINs come in, and people who are paying taxes, a lot of them are in the country working without the ability to get a Social Security number. Their obligation is to pay taxes if there ever is a way for them to become citizens, the first question they're asked is, have you paid your taxes.    Mr. Koskinen. No, if the name and the Social Security number on the return don't match. Now, what the situation I think you're focused on is, people borrow, steal, however they get a Social Security number to get a job so their W-2 may have a different Social Security number but their name and the IP PIN, we grant the IP PINs. Those will match, and as long as they match, our responsibility is to collect the taxes people owe. It's not to in fact----    Mr. Koskinen. They can't do that on a tax return. The only thing they would be doing there is if they're using that Social Security number to get a job----    Mr. Koskinen. If you file a return with a Social Security and a name that don't match, we wouldn't give you a refund.    Mr. Koskinen. And I might just add for the Chairman's benefit, the Social Security numbers that have been stolen and the identity information that's been stolen, all has been stolen someplace outside the IRS. Nobody is being able to get that information from us. The hacks have come from people masquerading already as taxpayers legitimately with Social Security numbers and names that match.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes, safer.    Mr. Koskinen. Even after the money that we appreciated Congress added this year, the $290 million, we're still $900 million below where we were six years ago, so we have 10 million more taxpayers, we have a set of unfunded mandates including the Affordable Care Act, FATCA, the ABLE Act, private debt collection that we're implementing with $900 million less, and as I said, 15,000 fewer employees.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, the Restructuring Act of the IRS was implemented in 1998, the IRS was given special authority for 40 places, 40 positions called streamline critical pay, which allowed us to hire people as if we were in the private sector, bring them right in without going through the 3 to 6 months of hiring, and allowed us to have a differential pay, not enough to match the private sector, but we have found, because we have so many challenges in such a large organization, a lot of people with IT backgrounds and the people we've been able to hire want to come work for the IRS. So one of the great concerns we have about the loss of that authority is our ability to compete with the private sector, and not on dollars but really on the combination of appropriate pay and a very great challenge in IT has been diminished with the failure to reauthorize that streamline critical pay. It's only 40 positions. We never used all 40 of them. The most we ever used was 34.    The IG a year and a half ago reviewed the program and said it had been run appropriately, and so we view it as critical because we are the largest financial institution in the world. We collected last year $3.3 trillion. We are the most attractive database to attack because we've got information on 300 million Americans. So our sense is, whatever support we can get in this regard is very important.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. So what happens is, as a result across the board we have to prioritize. Cybersecurity, identity theft, protection of taxpayer data is a high priority. As I said, we've actually had more people in IT while we've lost thousands of other employees. But it does mean, for instance, on patches, there are thousands of patches--we have a very complicated system--that come in every year and we have to prioritize which we can implement because we actually have a limited amount of resources. That's why we appreciate the work that both the IG and GAO do helping us prioritize of those security updates, which are the most critical that need to be improved immediately.    Mr. Koskinen. But we're continuing to work, as I say, to implement the recommendations that we have and that we get from the IGs and GAO. As I say, we need to improve, and part of the money we're spending this year out of the 290 is to improve our continuous monitoring of the system. We're working on segmenting the system so if you actually happen to get into the database, you can't run barefoot through it all. We'll actually--you'll only be able to get into limited parts of it. We're working to improve the security, as noted by GAO. I don't have it with me, but you can run--I can't access my computer, not with--I don't need passwords, I have to actually put an identity card into the computer. Part of the money we hope to use if we get it for 2017 would be to have that same access code requirement for access to all of our internal systems. As GAO noted, we're as worried and focused on internal protection as we are on external protection.    Mr. Koskinen. I would note, by the way, that government agencies are challenged, everybody is challenged, Target, Anthem, J.P. Morgan Chase----    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. So with regard to the $290 million, which, again, I would say we appreciate it. It's a step in the right direction. One hundred and seventy-eight million was devoted to taxpayer service. Last year----    Mr. Koskinen. So we hired slightly over 1,000 employees, temporary employees. We hire eight to 10,000 temporary and seasonal employees----    Mr. Koskinen. --to help with filing season.    Mr. Koskinen. No. The other then of the $178 million, $95 million went to cybercrime----    Mr. Koskinen. --and another $16 million went to identity theft, primarily to support our partnership with the private sector and the States.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. I'd apply there. That's more than I make. No, the $178,000 includes all of the supporting issues that go with it. The major expenditure was the 1,000, but they get paid in the 30, 40, $50,000 range. The $178 million that was spent there was all of the supporting systems to in fact get our level of taxpayer service up from last year's 37 percent to this year's 72, 75 percent. So you can actually get somebody on the line within a few minutes this year. Last year, you had to wait for 30 to 40 minutes. Sixty percent of people couldn't get through it all.    Mr. Koskinen. We actually followed OMB guidelines and the NIST guidelines as well when we were establishing these programs. As I noted, what happens is life gets more complicated as you move along. What used to be acceptable no longer works.    With the IP PIN, as I noted, we brought it back up this year because we added another level of authentication. We monitored every return filed as a result of anybody accessing that system, and therefore, we're reasonably confident and as our life has shown, the vast majority of people using those IP PINS are legitimate taxpayers.    We ultimately brought it down when our monitoring of each one of those accesses identified that there were an increasing number of criminals trying to get through and the vast majority of criminals couldn't get through, and so we shut it down, deciding that, while it was a great convenience to taxpayers, at that point it needed to be brought down because of our concerns about the security.    Mr. Koskinen. The successes are, first of all--and again, I always knock on wood--our basic system has not been breached. As I say, we are attacked over a million times a day.    Mr. Koskinen. Forever. We've not had a breach of our database directly. We've had breaches by people masquerading as taxpayers and applications. The basic database of the IRS has had no significant breach that I know of ever.    But the other thing that's happened, we're talking of identity--we are increasingly successful at stopping refund fraudulent returns. Last year, we stopped over four million suspicious returns, 1.5 million of them for about $8 billion were identified as fraudulent. Our ability--our filters are going forward.    The most significant thing we've done in the last year, very successful, is our partnership with the private sector and the States, working together for the first time, exchanging information in real time during the filing season of where do they see suspicious patterns, where do we. We are sharing that back-and-forth. A small part of the money that we got for the $290 million is being spent in support of that partnership.    I think the data will show that this year taxpayers were safer. I was asked that question. And the reason I'm confident about that is that for the first time we have a level of authentication for taxpayers when they go to their preparers or when they use software. We have increased data that we get now that we get now that we didn't used to be able to have access to of where the returns are coming from and how many are coming from individual computers all through our private sector partnership so that we have, as I say, taken the entire tax system and put it together in a unified attempt for the first time ever, in a partnership, in in a true public-private partnership.    Mr. Koskinen. I'm not sure I quite understand. The 700,000 successful accesses by criminals in our ``Get Transcript'' took place over a period from 2014 to '15. We originally looked at the immediate impact with the IG then with them. They collected data for us for the entire time. That system is down. When it comes back up, it will be much more secure and also much more difficult for taxpayers to use, but that's the tradeoff we continually have to make.    Mr. Koskinen. We've put over 2,000 people in jail in cooperation with the IG and the Department of Justice. Our criminal----    Mr. Koskinen. I get reports of those every day. Those are people who have created syndicates. They filed $100 million worth of false returns. They've filed large numbers. The courts have been very supportive. The average time of incarceration is over 3-1/2 years for each of those convictions. They are widely publicized. As I say, I get a list of them every day. I would be delighted to give you--we just put out--about three or four weeks ago the Criminal Investigation Division put out a release which I'd be happy to get you of the 10 most significant criminal prosecutions for identity theft and refund fraud.    Mr. Koskinen. At this point we think that the courts and the code have been sufficient on that ground. As I say, part of what's happened as we've, I think, begun to be successful at stopping criminals locally, increasingly what we're discovering is we're dealing with organized crime syndicates in Eastern Europe and Asia where it's much harder to get prosecution. The people that are operating with them here are basically relatively low level. We have over 1,700 investigations going on right now leading toward further criminal prosecutions, but at this point I don't think increasing the severity of the penalty for fraud is a need for us. As I say, the courts have been very good. Average sentence--some sentences have been in the range of 10 to 20 years.    Mr. Koskinen. I'd like to note we're the tax part of that.    Mr. Koskinen. It was accessible?    Mr. Koskinen. It was acceptable, again, when the programs were developed in 2011 and '12. It was part of a general framework. I'm not aware of a particular NIST approval. NIST sets out standards that we're obligated to and do follow. It doesn't necessarily, that I'm aware of, do reviews and respond to particular questions. But we did, through the IG, understand that NIST's view by last summer was that, by that time, because as you noted, so much personal information has been stolen and in the hands of criminals, by itself, a taxpayer identification number was no longer acceptable. And by that time we had taken the ``Get Transcript'' down.    Mr. Koskinen. 2011 and '12 when we designed the system. Taxpayer identification numbers and out-of-wallet questions were being used by a range of financial institutions and others for authentication.    Mr. Koskinen. No, in light of that and our experience have taken down the ``Get Transcript'' application, the IP PIN application. We are in the process right now of testing a multifactor authentication process that will require taxpayers to identify themselves through an additional factor. We'll communicate with them with their cell phones or smartphones or other devices that we've not had access to before, and they'll have to come back through with a PIN and identifier, reinforcing all the other information they'll still have to provide us. That system we hope to have up in the next two or three months, perhaps earlier, and that will in fact be at the highest level and the appropriate high level that NIST now has out there. It's called multifactor authentication.    Mr. Koskinen. But you can't access the app without knowing what the refund was.    Mr. Koskinen. It's a good point because authentication depends on the nature of the risk. When our assumption is if you're going to pay us on an online payment agreement, you're unlikely to be a criminal. Criminals don't usually send us checks. If you're checking for a piece of information like where's my refund, you have to actually know what the refund is that you're asking about. You can't just go in and say have I got a refund coming. You have to put all of your personal information in and you have to identify the exact dollar amount of the refund to find out where it is. We had about 250 million hits on that app already this year. Those people used to have to call.    Mr. Koskinen. I'm not sure----    Mr. Koskinen. No. Actually, you can't do personal email at home and your government email is to be used for government purposes. We are very strict about no one does work on their own personal computer. They may do other things with their personal computer. But basically, we restrict Web sites. We are actually now taking another look at should we restrict even access to more Web sites than there are now. But as a general matter, people do their personal work on their personal computers, do office work on their office computers.    Mr. Koskinen. A--I'm sorry, a----    Mr. Koskinen. Written policy about that, I'd be delighted to provide it to you.    Mr. Koskinen. All right. Well, certainly in that area, as a general matter, as I say, our problem is we are not hiring very many people at all. We'll shrink by another two to 3,000. The only way we've been able to deal with the budget cuts, since 70 percent of our budget is people, is simply not replace people. That's how we've shrunk by that much.    But IT is an area where we're trying to hire. The process you mentioned is in fact, when you apply for a job in the government, you go into the normal process, it takes three to six months. Many times, it's several weeks or months before you hear back when you've applied, and it's why, as we discussed earlier, for us at the senior level of trying to get the best people, the streamlined critical pay authority is so critical because nobody is in greater demand than cybersecurity experts, and if we tell them it's going to take you 3 to 6 months but just sit tight and we really want to hire you, by the time we get back to them, you know, they're not there anymore. And I think that I take your point.    Mr. Koskinen. We have fewer than 300 people under age 25 in the agency because we've not been able to hire. So those are exactly the kind of people that we would love to hire and we ought to be hiring and that we ought to be able to try to figure out how to get into the system.    Mr. Koskinen. On cybersecurity, generally, we spend about $150 million a year just on cybersecurity. We have about 3,500 people working on identity theft, devoted to that. We've never pulled together the full cost of protecting against identity theft and refund fraud, but it's obviously money well spent if we're able to stop $25 billion from going out the door.    Earlier, there was a question on how accurate are those numbers. We're pretty good at knowing which refunds we stopped. The point is a good one. We can tell which refunds got out when somebody--a legitimate taxpayer comes in. There's always an uncertainty of which fraudulent refund went through where there was no competing filing.    Mr. Koskinen. Those are the ones you don't know.    Mr. Koskinen. Sure.    Mr. Koskinen. As I say, we value the partnership. I've always been a fan of internal auditors in the 20 years in the private sector as well. Our analysis is--for another purpose was that we've had about slightly over 2,000 recommendations from the IG and GAO across a wide range of areas, and about 80 percent of those have already been implemented.    In the security area, again--and the IG has started moving that way--for both GAO and the IG, the ability to prioritize those for us as to which they think are the most critical allows us to then prioritize our work. We're limited obviously by just time as well as resources, but time is one of them. But we are committed in the security area to implement those as quickly as we can.    And we will be providing Congress a report as quickly about the most recent GAO recommendations. We, 60 days afterwards, provide GAO and the Congress our timeline as to exactly what the recommendations are and when they'll be implemented, and we'll be providing you that report.    Mr. Koskinen. I think that's unfair. That's not what I said.    Chairwoman Comstock. Well, I'm asking Mr. Wilshusen and Mr. George where we--is that--in terms of--you were asked earlier about the safety. When these basic things that you're seeing--and when they're telling you 28 of them have been implemented but nine of those haven't, their own self-assessment is inaccurate, you tell them what to do. The inconsistent execution--I mean, execution is doing your job and being able to do these basic tasks. Do you have confidence that you're going to see this anytime soon?    Mr. Koskinen. And we've implemented that.    Chairwoman Comstock. And I would just note that, you know, we had OPM before us--the Commissioner also noted that in the private sector these things happen, but I would note that Ms. Archuleta is no longer working at OPM. As our other CEOs of companies where they had these major breaches, they were not working there. So while--you know, Ms. Archuleta did move on.    And I think when we look at these issues, I don't have confidence. I can't go back to those people, more than half of whom in my district raised their hands when we hear about these letters and their breaches, they certainly didn't have confidence in OPM, and I know they don't have confidence with the IRS. This is a pretty important area where we need to have confidence, and I don't see it there.    And I think you've had other people move on when they aren't having consistent execution of their jobs, and I think what we've seen here today is not a lot of consistent execution at all or confidence that there will be going forward.    So I will yield back my time. And if Mr. Lipinski--thank you.    Mr. Koskinen. The NIST requirements start with, you know, you have to show up in person is their fourth level. The third level is you have to have multifactor authentication. The second level is other identification. And then the NIST process calls for them--there's no easy way to put everybody into one of those categories for a risk assessment to be made and the agency to decide at what level the risk is appropriately dealt with. As we said earlier, if you're making an online payment, that's a different risk issue.    When the system was developed, the determine--the review and a determination was made that a standard used for authentication, short of multifactor in the 2011 and '12 area, was use of out-of-wallet questions in addition to other identifiers. And in light of that and in light of the effectiveness of the system, it was determined that that would be an appropriate way to proceed pursuant to the NIST standards.    And I would note in the last filing season 7 million people downloaded 23 million legitimate transcripts. So----    Mr. Koskinen. No, I think it's important, one of the things we've done over the last 2-1/2 years since I've been there is set up an enterprise-wide risk assessment program because the point is exactly what's happened here. You may make a risk decision and an assessment on any risk at a given point in time. The question is you need to continue to review that at least annually to see have the circumstances changed? Has the nature of the risk changed? Has the risk-reward ratio changed?    To say we made a judgment that IG thought we made--should have made a different judgment, but hindsight is always the question of whether, you know--if we knew then what we know now, we'd do a whole lot of things different. The real question is, and I think we have a process now to do that, is on a regular basis you should always review your risk assessments because the circumstances will change. And clearly in cybersecurity with the vast amount of personal data out there, the level of authentication you need today is significantly different than you would have needed four or five years ago.    Mr. Koskinen. I think we are compliant with NIST standards, as the Inspector General said. The prior authentication systems are no longer appropriate, and we agree with that and have taken those down. And in fact, with regard to go back in history about what happened in the past, the entire chain of command in the (c)(4) issues with regard to social welfare organizations is shortly thereafter--none of them were in place at the IRS. And so I don't think you can say people didn't leave, were not held accountable.    But I do think it is important for people to be accountable. I am actually talking to another Congressman now. We have any number of people who are in fact dismissed every year. For instance, we dismiss automatically anyone who uses improper access to any taxpayer information, any IRS employee. We discipline employees for being in default on their taxes. We have the highest compliance rate of any federal agency by a long shot, but even then, we take that very seriously. So I think it's not fair to imply that in fact people are not held accountable.    In cybersecurity we are dealing with a rapidly changing circumstance fighting increasingly organized and sophisticated criminal elements around the world. We are--as you say, we regret that we've had the difficulties we've had. We've had significant successes at the same time. We value the partnerships we have with the IG and the GAO and we're working to implement their security suggestions as quickly as we can.    Mr. Koskinen. And if I said multistep, multifactor is the term of art, and that's what we're working toward.