    Mr.  Buck. Mr. Judd, real quickly, 2014, as a result of the change in the President's policy on immigration, in 2014, we saw a surge of minors crossing the borders. Is that true?    Mr.  Buck. Do you know the percentage of those minors that are from contiguous countries, in other words, Canada and Mexico, versus noncontiguous countries?    Mr.  Buck. And how are they treated differently, if a juvenile from Mexico enters the country versus a juvenile from El Salvador?    Mr.  Buck. Okay, Mr. Vitiello, any different treatment or process that is used for contiguous versus noncontiguous individuals?    Mr.  Buck. Okay, so there is a legal distinction, though, between how individuals are treated in contiguous countries versus noncontiguous?    Mr.  Buck. And that's individuals in noncontiguous countries.    Mr.  Buck. But many of those noncontiguous countries, you use the term ``friendly'' in terms of our relationship with Mexico. Many of those noncontiguous countries we have a friendly relationship with also, don't we?    Mr.  Buck. If the law changed, we could arrange, in the situation where they are not victims of human smuggling or seeking asylum, we could arrange for those individuals to be returned to those countries without going through the 5- to 7-year hearing process that we now have.    Mr.  Buck. Do you see any reason, any adverse effects in changing that law?    Mr.  Buck. Ms. Acer indicated that all we need is more money. If we just printed more money, increased our national debt above the $19 trillion, we could take care of this problem.    A much simpler solution, a much less costly and, frankly, much more humane to the individuals that are coming into this country, would be to change that law and allow those individuals to return to their homes and set a policy in this country, frankly, that doesn't attract juveniles like magnets.    I think it would be more humane, rather than putting someone in limbo for 5 years where they don't know if they are in this country or not.    I thank the chairman, and I yield back.