    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today, we are considering two bills that undermine EPA air rules that are instrumental in protecting public health and the environment by reducing mercury and other hazardous air pollutants from power plants and other industrial sources.    Let me start with H.R. 3797, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act, or SENSE Act. This bill would revise the mercury and air toxics, or MATS rule, and the cross-state air pollution rule, or CSAPR rule, to allow power plants that burn coal refuse to emit higher levels of sulfur dioxide and hydrogen chloride. Sulfur dioxide is known to cause adverse respiratory impacts and hydrogen chloride is corrosive to eyes and skin and can irritate the respiratory tract.    Supporters of this bill will say that facilities that burn coal refuse are doing a good thing by cleaning up the environment and generating power. But I don't think we are here today to debate that. Instead, we are here to consider whether the facilities that burn coal refuse should be given a free pass on complying with EPA rules to reduce certain air pollutants and I believe that is a very bad idea. Coal refuse plants are no different than other coal plants and therefore should be held to the same emission standards.    Supporters of this bill have also argued that coal refuse plants deserve special treatment when it comes to these air rules. In the context of the MATS rule I would note that the EPA, the courts and the Senate, which considered a coal refuse-related amendment last January, have all reviewed and rejected the argument that they should be given special consideration. In the context of the CSAPR rule, the SENSE Act is unnecessary and I just think bad policy. The current rule uses a phased-in approach to achieve emission reductions where facilities receive emission allowances that decrease over time. The bill would shift a greater percentage of these emission allowances to coal refuse plants. EPA has a plan for how these allowances should be allocated to individual plants. But states also have the ability to submit their own plan for achieving the required emission reductions. What this means is the state, if it chooses, already has the power to give extra allowances to coal refuse plants as this bill would mandate.    Beyond being unnecessary, this provision undermines the CSAPR trading system and creates inequities in the market. The SENSE Act picks winners and losers, tipping the scales in favor of coal refuse plants at the expense of all other plants within a state.    Now, briefly turning to the other bill, the BRICK Act extends compliance deadlines until all legal challenges are resolved by the courts. If this sounds familiar, that is because it is. We saw a similar provision in H.R. 2042, the Ratepayer Protection Act.    We also had a similar discussion at our hearing on that bill when the witness pointed out that the current judicial process for delaying a rule ``has withstood the test of time and ensures the courts will undertake a careful balancing of interests before granting a stay of agency action.'' And she further explained that the blanket extension in the discussion draft would ``create powerful incentives for frivolous litigation in an effort to stall and avoid compliance.''    I do understand there are special circumstances related to this particular rule. The brick industry has made good faith efforts to work with EPA and to reduce their emissions. However, the litigation delay in the BRICK Act creates a very bad precedent, in my opinion.    The bills we are considering today would undermine protections and set bad legislative precedence going forward and therefore I cannot support either of them, and I yield back.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to ask Mr. Walke a series of questions.    The SENSE Act would give coal refuse facilities special consideration under the cross-state air pollution rule, or CSAPR, and EPA issued this rule to protect the health of millions of Americans by reducing air pollution and requiring states to reduce power plant emissions that cross state lines and contribute to air quality problems in other states.    CSAPR ensures that downwind states don't have to impose more stringent controls on local businesses to make up for the effects of increased out-of-state pollution and the rule achieves all this by creating economic incentives to reduce pollution from power plants.    So Mr. Walke, if enacted how would the SENSE Act impact the operation of the CSAPR program? Would pollution reductions still be incentivized?    Mr. Pallone. OK. Now, some of today's testimony characterizes the CSAPR provisions in the SENSE Act as merely correcting errors in how the EPA set up the CSAPR rule.    But I wanted to ask you are coal refuse facilities different than traditional coal facilities? Should EPA have treated them differently under the CSAPR rule?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Well, if a state wanted to treat coal refuse facilities differently, do they have that ability to do so under the EPA rule?    Mr. Pallone. So, are the CSAPR provisions in the SENSE Act even necessary?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.