    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you for your courtesy, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ranking Member.    Some of my colleagues, and certainly the presumptive Republican nominee for President, seem to envision a border region populated entirely by murderers, drug traffickers, and criminals, in general, who must be kept out of the country at all costs; but that is not the real world.    As measured by the Federal Bureau of Investigation crime statistics, U.S. border cities rank among the safest in the United States, and stand in stark contrast to the fragile, though improving, security situation in major Mexican border cities like Ciudad Juarez.    Fear-mongering, rhetoric, and political posturing only serve to sow fear and division. They further the marginalization, exploitation, and vilification of the U.S.-Mexican border region, as well as the people who live and work there. A great, great wall on our Southern border may grab headlines, but this simplistic and knee-jerk proposal represents only the latest in a series of reckless, legally dubious, and economically unsound--not to mention just plain dumb--campaigns carried out in the name of border security.    History shows border walls, no matter how great, do not work. The Great Wall of China and the wall in Berlin are a couple of examples that come to mind. In reality, many parts of the Southern border, as was mentioned by the Ranking Member, are already covered in fences and barriers--700 miles worth. The economic, environmental, political, and social impacts of the border wall fall short from the gorgeous and beautiful, as been described. The damage, however, is pretty great.    The border wall has had high human cost and increasingly negative impacts on species and ecosystems, which know no borders. In 2006, the Federal Government Accountability Office found that border crossing deaths doubled after the United States ramped up border security in the mid-1990s, even though there did not appear to be a corresponding uptick in undocumented migration during that time.    In the past 17 years, more than 6,500 people have died trying to migrate through the U.S. Southern border. Despite its popularized image as a lifeless, inhospitable region, the Southern border is an area rich in diversity of species, ecosystems, people, and culture. The fragmentation and destruction of the physical environment caused by the border wall threaten our cherished wildlife and environment.    As was mentioned by the Ranking Member, several species of wildlife have been observed and photographed stranded by the border wall, from pygmy owls, to desert bighorn, to jaguar. Studies have indicated that the border wall is a significant impediment to a variety of wildlife, including many imperiled species.    We must protect our borders. But a great, great wall across the entire Southwest border is not the answer. Our shared goals of protecting endangered species, building a resilient border economy, and securing the border are not mutually exclusive. In fact, border security is at its best when it is built on a healthy economy and a healthy environment. The realities of border residents demand us to be creative and not simplistic. We must devise thoughtful solutions that measure up to the real stature of the problem. Simple minded and unilateral actions, such as construction of a wall, are not real solutions.    Earlier this year, I introduced a bill, the ``Border Security and Accountability Act of 2015.'' Among other measures, my legislation secures our Nation, prevents real criminal activity, upholds our basic values, and respects individual liberties at the same time. At the very heart of my legislation is a humane, accountable, and more effective border security strategy that understands the local and regional impacts of border security infrastructure. It respects civil and human rights; promotes commerce and trade, which is vital to the region; protects the environment; and supports the people that call the border region their home.    This is an approach we need. It is pro-family, pro-environment, pro-business, and, indeed, pro-security, without sacrificing one priority for another.    Again, Mr. Chairman, thank you for your courtesy, and I yield back.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And just for the record, I agree with my colleague that it is unfortunate that Homeland Security could not have a representative here at this hearing. Maybe they are overwhelmed with all the other hearings that are going on that they are required to be at.    But, let me read this part from their written testimony, ``CBP and, by extension, the Department of Homeland Security, enjoy a close working relationship with the Department of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture that allows us to fulfill our border enforcement responsibilities while respecting and enhancing the environment.'' It goes on to explain what that relationship is and what the Memorandum of Understanding is.    As was mentioned by Mr. Andrew, the pursuit issue is a non-issue, because that is not impeded at all by any regulation or any impediment by Interior or the Department of Agriculture. I think that is important, and I wish they would have been here to validate those comments in their written testimony, so that we could ask the questions that my colleague was asking and that I intended to ask him, as well.    At this point, if I may, Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to enter some documents into the record.    Mr. Grijalva. I will use part of my time for that. I submit the following documents: a January 2007 brief documenting the environmental impacts of the border fence; a May 2011 study documenting how barriers along the border would increase the number of species at risk; a 2014 study on the unintended environmental consequences of border fencing and immigration reform; a 2007 New York Times article, ``Environmental Consequences of the Border Wall in South Texas''; a 2016 article on how a border wall would hurt the U.S. economy; a July 2013 report on why the U.S.-Mexico border is critical for the U.S. economy; a June 2011 study documenting the cost of border security; a May 2013 report on the importance of an economic relationship of Mexico and the United States; a May 2013 report on the fallacy of enforcement only; a December 2014 report documenting CBP programs that do not achieve intended results or recognize all the cost of operations; an October 2011 report on why immigration enforcement without reform wastes taxpayer dollars; a May 2010 report on why immigration enforcement without immigration reform will not work; a September 2013 report on widespread Border Patrol abuses in the Southwest border; a May 2013 report on family separation and immigration enforcement; an April 2014 report on reconciling tough and human enforcement; a December 2015 report on documented and lengthy detention, deplorable conditions, and abuse and for-profit holding detention centers; a July 4, 2014 report on humanitarian challenge at the border; and a report that discusses immigration and border politics throughout the history of this Nation.    I mention that because Ms. Walden--and thank you for being here--talked about the multi-layered complexity of this issue that we are dealing with. And simplistic solutions are not going to do the job.    Ms. Walden, you worked on the border and your family has been there for generations. As you look at the economic benefit to a good, vibrant economy in the region, and also the issue of enforcement, people want to make those mutually exclusive items. Are they?    Mr. Grijalva. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.