    Mr. Patel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and the other distinguished guests or congressional members of this committee.    This is an important topic we will be speaking about today. My name is Naimish Patel. I am the CEO of Gridco Systems, a leading provider of agile grid infrastructure, that is consisting of advanced control and power flow technologies for the electric grid.    Since the Pearl Street Power Station first went online in Manhattan in 1882, the electric grid in the U.S. has become pervasive in its reach, essential to the sustainable growth of our economy and national security, and a services platform that we have become intimately reliant upon, yet often take for granted; all testament to the work of the numerous utilities that maintain and operate our grid.    Today, however, utilities are operating in a changing environment that poses a wide variety of challenges, but also opportunities for innovation. Much as our telephone system experienced a transformation in the 1990s, catalyzed by customer adoption of computing and demand for information services, so too are we seeing the beginning of a customer-driven evolution of the electric grid. Consumers of power are increasingly also becoming producers, through adoption of rooftop solar or small-scale wind power, requiring the distribution grid to accommodate two-way power flow for the first time, counter to the assumptions underlying its original architecture. Customer adoption of electric vehicles is creating new demand for power, each vehicle equivalent to entire home while charging, requiring new utility demand control measures to avert overloading existing infrastructure. Customer adoption of energy efficiency measures and home automation offer new resources that utilities can potentially harness for systemic benefit, blurring the nature of the relationship between utility and customer. Finally, increasing diversification of customer demand is creating stress on regulatory frameworks that have traditionally been oriented towards one-size-fits-all power delivery. All of these changes are compounded by the fact that centralized base-load generation and transmission capacity are growing tighter, and increasing volatility in global weather patterns is driving the need for higher levels of grid resiliency. In the face of these challenges, utilities must continue to deliver on their fundamental mission of supplying safe, reliable, and affordable power, while also introducing system flexibility in order to be adaptive to a more dynamic and diverse demand/supply environment. Emerging at this intersection of requirements is a historic opportunity for regulators, utilities and technology suppliers to jointly innovate.    Not surprisingly, given the aforementioned trends are occurring at the edge of the grid where customers connect, the electric grid's distribution system is on the forefront of change. Historically, investment in the distribution system has targeted upgrades of wires, poles and transformers; what is typically referred to as grid reinforcement. While these investments in grid capacity are indeed necessary, the flexibility to accommodate a more dynamic demand/supply environment relies on investment in infrastructure that can efficiently utilize existing capacity in order to curb costly grid reinforcement and, thus, electricity rates, while assuring reliable delivery of power under rapidly changing conditions. Much as the Internet is based on devices that actively and dynamically manage the flow of information across fiber optic or copper wires, the electric grid will increasingly require devices that actively and dynamically manage the flow of power, all under the control of a reliable, secure and scalable grid operating system. Fortunately, the technology building blocks needed to provide these functions are available, and at the cost, efficiency, and reliability metrics expected of electric utilities. Advancements in power electronics technology borrowed from hybrid and electric vehicles, wind convertors and solar inverters, can now be leveraged to provide dynamic regulation and routing of power flows at utility scale. While ruggedized distributed controllers, coupled with advanced networking techniques borrowed from the telephone sector, enable an emerging grid operating system to manage both utility and customer-owned assets, including power regulators, distributed energy resources, and home automation gateways, amongst many others. These core functions make the grid not just smart, but agile. It is brains and brawn in combination, or smarts in conjunction with action, that underlies agility, and most importantly, provides for a strong, standalone business case.    We at Gridco Systems are singularly focused on providing these essential building blocks of the agile grid. We are working with utilities throughout the Nation in deploying our empower solution to address the challenges of today, while providing the foundation to adapt to the challenges of tomorrow. Strong economics drives our customer engagement process. Gridco's focus is on delivering solutions that are more cost-effective, and delivering more compelling benefits to cost ratio than business-as-usual approaches, avoiding the need for subsidies and rate increases. As such, many utilities are able to leverage existing budgets to implement our solutions to address DER integration, increase asset and capacity utilization, improved energy efficiency, and deliver higher power quality, all justified on the fundamental economic benefits rendered.    Technology availability is currently not the limiting factor in driving modernization of the electric grid. Missing are the financial incentives for utilities to invest in new technologies to address diversification of customer demand. And to be clear, I am not suggesting that use of subsidies. The cost of service-based regulatory compact that has guided the evolution of the distribution system since the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, has proved highly effective during times of simultaneous load growth, relatively uniform customer demand, and increasing economies of scale and supply. Such macroeconomic conditions generally present from the 1930's to the 1980's, maintained low electricity rates and reliable service for end customers, while strong predictable returns for investors. Over the last 2 decades, however, average load growth in the U.S. has slowed, becoming less coupled to GDP growth, owing in part to the adoption of energy efficiency measures, and also to an increase in the service orientation of the U.S. economy. Nevertheless, the reliable operation of the electric grid is as critical as ever to those customers--to our growth of our economy, and as such, continued investment is essential, but without rate increases for those customers whose use of the grid has not changed. After all, changes in customer use of the electric grid are by no means universal, at least at present. Customer adoption of rooftop solar, energy efficiency measures, and electric vehicles tend to be highly demographically correlated. As such, a minority of end customers, albeit a rapidly growing minority, is demanding something new of the grid, yet, the cost to accommodate them are socialized across the entire customer base under currently regulatory structure. Further compounding this is the fact that such customers may even pay less into the system, owing to their lower consumption of energy. Let us be clear; we want the grid to accommodate such customers. Their behind-the-meter investments are driven by basic economics that are only getting stronger. However, the revenue a utility realizes from these customers must reflect the actual cost of service to accommodate them. Fundamentally, not all customers are alike, and electricity rates structures must not only start to account for diversification of customer demand, but indeed, incentive--incentivize utilities to supply such demand.    Conversations among State regulators, utilities, suppliers and other stakeholders are occurring throughout the Nation on how to evolve rate design to better align utility revenues with their underlying costs.    Mr. Patel. Yes, sure.    Let us not forget that modernizing the electric grid is not only good for our national security and economic growth here at home, but also represents an opportunity for the U.S. to lead a global renaissance in energy services and grid infrastructure.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak at this forum.    Mr. Patel. Yes. On a basic level, customers care about the cost of electricity and it being on when they want it. And for the variety of reasons we have discussed, we are at a point in the evolution of the grid where there are fundamentally two paths that utilities can go. One is to do what they have done in the past, which his to invest in wires and transformers, and poles and grid hardening, another option is to actually take a different path where the cost of upgrading the infrastructure can be lower. See, the challenge with the first path is costs are going to go up. That means your rates are going to go up. Investing in wires and poles is expensive.    Now, with the technologies that we have all been discussing today, there is an opportunity for a much lower-cost path. Now, the question is why isn't that happening? Why are utilities not pursuing the lower-cost path? And from my perspective, it comes down to incentives. You know, the regulatory compact that has driven decision making at distribution utilities is not directly incentivizing them to take the lower-cost path. Why? Because it is a little bit more risky, because of, you know, adoption of new technology is always somewhat risky, but also because there isn't the direct financial incentive for them to adopt something lower cost. And so in my view, there needs to be a change on a State-by-State basis to the regulatory compact insomuch as it relates to how utilities invest in a capitally efficient way, rather than just investing in capital----    Mr. Patel . As has been referred to multiple times. And I think those incentives, once in place, the market and efficiency will naturally drive to an outcome that addresses reliability in a cost-effective way.    Mr. Patel. Well, I think there are certain parts of the country that are seeing load growth because of electric vehicles. That is obviously very small as a percentage of load growth right now, but that is occurring, and I think that depending on the price evolution of electric vehicles, we could see a rapid adoption of that. But I would also say there is something that is actually keeping or containing the growth on the electrical demand side, and that is the fact that, it goes back again to our regulatory compact since 1935 which, in effect, utilities are constrained to operate at one point in the customer's demand curve. And it is actually multiple points depending on whether you are a, you know, industrial or commercial customer, but there are relatively few points on the customer's demand curve that utilities are constrained to operate on. If we were imagined to say allow the utility to address different customer demands, but also at different price points, now the total opportunity to the electrical--to the electric delivery ecosystem as a whole actually can increase. And there are some prime examples of where there is a need to do this. In storm--particularly storm-prone areas, there are cases where there is a demographic living in those areas that are actually willing to pay more for electrical service should it be recovered more quickly. Now, the utilities are currently constrained to offer a price of electricity in that area and other areas in their service territory that is the same, yet there is demand that goes unfulfilled because of this fact. And so if you were to enable utilities to operate at multiple points and address--diversify demand from the customer, you can actually now increase the total size----