    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Chairman Rokita and Ranking Member Fudge, for holding this very important hearing.    Thank you to the witnesses. This is an important issue. And I hear a lot from many constituents in Oregon who are as concerned as I am about the gaps in protection.    There is always a problem in legislating around technology. Because as was recognized earlier, the technology changes much faster than policy changes. And trying to find that right balance to make sure that we aren't inhibiting innovation and the beneficial uses of technology while still finding protections is a critical balance. But it is past time for us to address that issue.    I want to talk with you, Professor Reidenberg, and say thank you for your excellent recommendations on the changes that are needed to update FERPA. When I think back to--I think you said in your testimony it was 1974. Things were a little different in 1974. And we have come a long way. But the law needs to definitely be updated.    You talked about an analogy to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, permissible purposes provisions, when you talked about educational use. But what about remedies? You said in your written testimony that right now, the denial of education funds by the Department of Education is the remedy.    But what happens, say for example, if a family finds out that there is erroneous information in a database about their student? What can they do? Is there way for them--analogous to the correction of errors provision in the Fair Credit Reporting Act, is there a way for them to correct erroneous information?    Ms. Bonamici. An important issue to address.    And I want to follow up on Chairman Rokita's questioning about the Student Privacy Pledge, which I applaud. That is a great first step. However, I am concerned also about the voluntary nature of it; that it is something that doesn't have adequate enforcement if there is a problem. And again, being voluntary.    So I am also concerned about the issue of conflict. When schools are essentially acting in loco parentis, they are, playing the parent role, in fact, when our students are in their schools. So are schools really equipped to be a go-between in this kind of issue where parents and vendors and school district may have conflicts? How can schools adapt to serve that role?    Ms. Bonamici. And as you know, the FTC doesn't represent individuals to begin with. So it would have to be a widespread practice.    Dr. Abshire, did you want to weigh in on this?    Ms. Bonamici. My time is expired. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.