    Mrs. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this amazing hearing and all of you for your testimonies.    I am going to start with the premise that is abundantly clear to me, which is that the earth's climate is changing and human activity is influencing these changes, and I believe we need to stop debating this reality and start working on solutions.    Second, the fact which was very well stated by Mr. Sablan from personal experience, that the changing climate is already negatively impacting our economy, our environment and human health, and these impacts will only grow worse over time.    These changes include sea level rise, destruction of our agricultural systems and food security, increased rates of asthma which we see in southern California, more extreme storms and droughts, among many others. These changes will not impact all people or places in the same ways. So while precisely predicting future outcomes, costs, and benefits associated with climate change is difficult, scientists and economists can provide good estimates of some of these impacts, and these are what are used to calculate social cost of carbon, which is essentially a policymaking tool, not perfect, but useful, and hopefully will improve over time.    Mr. Dorsey, certain assumptions are important for any scientific endeavor, including the development of models such as the one used to calculate the social cost of carbon. In this case the assumptions used for SCC are quite conservative, are they not?    If all the known impacts of climate change were added in, would we not likely see the cost estimate increase?    Mrs. Capps. Right.    Mrs. Capps. Well, let me turn to another topic which our colleagues across the aisle have joined with the fossil fuel industry in claiming the social cost of carbon will be used to open the door to limitless new regulations.    But, Mr. Dorsey, is it not true that the social cost of carbon actually serves as a limitation tool to ensure that the benefits of reducing carbon emissions are properly accounted for?    Mrs. Capps. Right. And by setting a consistent value for the cost of carbon, which many companies are already doing on their own, doesn't the social cost of carbon actually provide some long overdue certainty for the private sector?    Mrs. Capps. You have already said a little about this, but we have heard so much from the Majority that the discount rate used for these calculations should be set much higher at 7 percent. Would you like to comment?    Do you agree? Wouldn't setting the discount rate so high essentially say we place minimum value on the quality of life for future generations?    Mrs. Capps. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Capps. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Duncan.