    Mrs. Dingell. Good morning and thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to give my thanks to all the witnesses this morning for taking the time and the trouble to testify, and I want to give particular thanks to Sheriff Brown and Mr. Schoppmeyer for their service.    Law enforcement within Federal land management agencies is no easy task. Conservation law enforcement officers face challenges that are significantly different than those faced by non-conservation law enforcement. The breadth of the crimes that they confront and the laws that they enforce are unlike any other.    As the Chairman has raised, there may be some problems; but we need to respect and understand the importance of what law enforcement is doing in these conservation areas.    A study of the crimes confronted by the Forest Service law enforcement officers found that they fall into three categories. The first is urban-associated crime, which includes arson, body dumping, gang activity, and other types of criminal behavior.    The second is drug activity, like armed defense of marijuana cultivation on Forest Service land, or methamphetamine labs--that is always a hard word.    The third is violence perpetrated by members of extremist and nontraditional groups, like satanic cults, survivalists, and militia/supremacy groups. These groups are tough.    The law enforcement officers there protect the resources we depend on every day and provide for public safety. While these officers' mandates are unique, the officers and the work that they do is under attack.    We will hear today about a proposal to weaken enforcement mechanisms for the Lacey Act by decriminalizing it, despite the use of illegally harvested plant or animal products, like ivory, to fund terrorist groups.    Like I do every night before our hearings, I was doing my late night study. The Chairman raised the issue of ``stove-piping.'' So I learned last night that it was instituted after years of pressure from watchdogs and Congress and was implemented to make Forest Service law enforcement more effective, fair, and independent.    So I want to make sure, as we are looking at it, that we are fair and objective on all of it, while I recognize that there may be issues.    And we will hear about the FOCUS Act, which would remove the ability for the Fish and Wildlife Service and NOAA enforcement officers to carry firearms.    The work performed by land management agency law enforcement is just as challenging, just as important, and just as dangerous as other law enforcement jobs. These Americans put their lives on the line whenever they report for work in an effort to protect us and our natural resources.    The Chairman mentioned Jason Crisp. I want to talk more in detail about him. Before starting with the U.S. Forest Service as a law enforcement officer in 2004, Jason Crisp served with the McDowell County Sheriff's Office in North Carolina for 7 years. He developed a reputation as a selfless person who was eager to provide assistance.    In 2014, Officer Crisp was investigating the case of a couple found dead in their home. There was evidence of a struggle and a missing vehicle. Police soon began to suspect that the couple's son was the killer. Over 100 officers from six agencies joined the manhunt. At about 3:00 p.m., the suspect purportedly ambushed Officer Crisp and his K-9 partner. He shot the dog and Officer Crisp, took Crisp's gun, and kept running.    An Avery County Sheriff's Deputy, and troopers assigned to Burke County who were near the shooting, attempted to save Officer Crisp's life, but they were unable to.    Soon after, the suspect was found and refused to drop his weapon. The suspect died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.    U.S. Forest Service Officer Jason Crisp is survived by his wife, Amanda and his sons, Garrett and Logan. He was 38 years old.    I hope as we undertake these hearings that we will always remember the contributions and sacrifices of our law enforcement officers.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you.    Let me just ask one question following up on that, and then I have some questions for Mr. Schoppmeyer.    From what you just said, are you saying that state and locals should be in charge of law enforcement on Federal lands?    Mrs. Dingell. Well, I want to ask Mr. Schoppmeyer a question because my concern is that state and local governments are already complaining about the lack of resources to do what they do, and I do believe it is critical that we keep our Federal lands safe. So where is this delicate balance?    Congress, I believe, has not done an adequate job of funding our land management agencies overall, and it has had an impact on law enforcement.    Mr. Schoppmeyer, would you describe some of the negative consequences of the budget cuts that we have seen over the years and perhaps give your observations as to what would happen if state and local were to have responsibility for Federal lands as well?    Mrs. Dingell. Well, let me ask you as our time is running out. Why is being a law enforcement officer for a land management agency different than other law enforcement jobs?    Mrs. Dingell. I am out of time, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Dingell. I would ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the testimony of Marcus Asner to the Fishery Subcommittee in 2013 on why Americans should have to comply with foreign law.    Mr. Asner testified that other U.S. laws reference foreign laws and clarified that the Lacey Act does not penalize those that violate foreign law nor implement it.    As to earlier comments about the Lacey Act, which was passed in 1900, being unconstitutional, the Supreme Court has not directly addressed it or taken up any challenges. Every circuit court that has been asked to consider the issue has upheld the Lacey Act against constitutional challenges.    The argument that the Lacey Act's reliance on foreign laws is unconstitutional has been described as patently frivolous, without merit, and neither original nor meritorious by courts that it has been brought up in.    Mrs. Dingell. To enter this testimony into the record.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you.