    Mr. McNerney. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Hey, this is a really exciting hearing. It is an area I care a lot about. You know, the American grid is one of the great engineering challenges of the--great engineering achievements of the 20th century. It has provided us reliable electric power, it has helped our industry grow, and yet at today's hearing we are going to get a look at what the 21st century grid might look like, but also what the transition between where we are today and what the 21st century grid is going to look like. It is going to be an opportunity and some very big challenges.    Some of the factors that I want to bring to our attention are, coal is still our number one energy producer. Produces about 38 percent of our power. And to the chagrin of some of our colleagues, that number is decreasing over time. New--natural gas is our number two energy--electric energy supplier, and that is growing rapidly. There are some challenges with natural gas. We have the distribution challenge, especially in New England States, and--but the price of natural gas is going down, or is low now because of all the abundance of natural gas. So it is a real opportunity for us. Nuclear is number three, and I think nuclear is kind of stagnant right now. That may change over time. And fourth, renewable energies. It is growing rapidly, but it is only 13 percent of our capacity, and that includes hydro. So we have--with renewable energy, there is cost competitiveness. We can produce renewable energy pretty cheaply now, but we can't dispatch it. It is not going to be there necessarily when we need it, so there needs to be some account taken to that and--when we integrate renewables into the grid. But if you look at what is happening, California is going to require 33 percent nuclear power by 2020, so we have to rise up for this challenge.    We also have the specter of climate change sitting there in front of us. It is going to require us to reduce fossil fuels, but it is also going to require us to increase efficiency. We have a need to make our grid more resilient. We are seeing that with our bigger storms now. We also have physical and cybersecurity. We want to make sure that our grid is strong, is safe. If there are physical attacks, if there are cyber attacks, if there are storms, if there are earthquakes, whatever the--nature throws at us or whatever our fellow human beings throw at us, we have to be able to maintain our grid, so this is a pretty big challenge.    There are big opportunities. I just want to tick off some technology. Some of these I don't even understand myself. We have the automated circuit breakers and feeder switches. That is going to allow us to switch problems, we can--it is just like a transistor in a radio. I mean it is going to allow us to switch back and forth, and that gives us quite a bit of flexibility. There are mapping systems that will allow us to stop grid problems from spreading from one part of the Nation, and one sector to another. We have load management tools like megawatts that are being adopted in San Francisco. We also have smart meter technology, which I helped develop for a period of years in California.    So there is a lot of technology out there, but a big opportunity is if we can provide cheap power for our customers, then manufacturing is going to be able to continue to grow and thrive in this country, and without it, we are going to be hamstrung. So this is a big challenge for Congress. It is going to require continued investment and commitment in Congress and in industry. We need to understand the big picture challenge before we do anything drastic here in Congress. We need to understand the engineering challenges. We need to put money out there so that the engineering challenges can be met. We need to incentivize that. We need to make the investment, and that means investment here in Washington, but it means also investment in our States, and it means investment by private investors. And how are we going to invest--incentivize private investors in grid innovation and grid technology, and development and grid infrastructure development if they are not sure they are going to get their money back? So we have to be able to figure that out. So this is part of the big picture challenge.    But my colleague, Renee Ellmers, and I have started the Grid Innovation Caucus. That is giving us here in Congress several members that are interested in this area an opportunity to talk about some of these issues. So--and think about the big picture.    I do have a story from my past when I developed wind energy technology, I started in the business in about 1980 when the industry was just at the beginning. And, you know, we went out there and we got an investment from some folks out there. We designed a wind turbine from a plain piece of paper. It was a wonderful experience. We put it up in the hills of New Hampshire, turned it on, had all the investors come out, turned it on, and then things started turning, the blades all flew off and everyone had to run for cover. But, you know, the investors stuck with us, and year after year we put a little bit more understanding in the blade roots, in the foundations, and the transmission, and in all engineering parts of that machine, and how, because of that kind of work, wind energy is very cost-effective, it is growing very rapidly. So you have to make the investment, you have to stick with it, and if you do, you get rewarded.    So that will be my opening statement. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the witnesses for all your testimonies. Very good this morning.    Mr. Kamen, I just want to ask you a question here. What do you think the microgenerators that you discussed, I forget what you called them, what do you think they would do to the grid system, to the transmission system, to the traditional utility company?    Mr. McNerney. Right. Thank you. Nice answer.    Mr. Atkinson, you said that the future will spur innovation and investment. How do you see it spurring investment in transmission systems, the future technology?    Mr. McNerney. OK. Mr. Christiansen, just sort of an estimate, if someone puts a solar system on their house, how much will the storage devices that you are talking about add to the capital cost? Will it add 20 percent to the capital cost in order to serve the--a good purpose for the homeowner?    Mr. McNerney. So you are not talking about a residential----    Mr. McNerney. OK.    Mr. McNerney. OK. So you don't want to answer that question for the residential----    Mr. McNerney. OK, I will give you a chance to answer that off-line later.    Mr. Atkinson, do you think there is a role for the Federal Government, then, with respect to grid modernization?    Mr. McNerney. So you see a significant role for the national labs then in creating this future?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.