    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Chairman, and I thank you all for being here. I think I'll dovetail on that, Dr. Clancy. First of all, thank you for the update on the step pain management plan. I think it's important information with the hearing that's going to be next week up in New Hampshire with Ms. Kuster that, back in 2007, this very issue was out there, and I think great strides were made, and I think you have much to add to the conversation because this is not a VA issue of opioid use and pain. It is a societal issue. So I appreciate that update.    And I think, going back to what you said, I do think you're right on that. I think much progress was made on some of these very difficult ones. Dr. Roe clearly laid out the epidemiology and the challenge of this.    My concern is, though, when do we make a decision that we've tried hard enough or that we've reached that point, because I think the frustration lies in this that I think many--something's happening, and again, we have to have the data, but there's something happening. There's enough people reporting it. All of us are hearing this, and I just wonder--you have to make tough decisions about where funding sources go and where those types of things happen. I think there's belief of many of us that this is going to be difficult, but we have a responsibility to keep going on it.    How do you make a decision--``you'' being the VA, if you can speak for that--how do you make a decision on how hard you push on a certain area or how much you do in the research?    Mr. Walz. No, and I appreciate that because I do think you got on it, too, that the broader issue--I think many of us who have followed the issues on Agent Orange, and there's Vietnam veterans sitting in this room that have pushed on this.    Mr. Walz. They're concerned on the genetic defect issue of how many generations down the line, you know, beyond spina bifida of what's happening to these children, what's happening to the grandchildren, that's going to come to this, the burn pit, the depleted uranium.    So my question is, are we doing enough? I mean, shame on us if we're not learning that every generation has to come back and fight the fights on these things. Is now the time for a center of excellence on toxic wounds? Is this the time to do that? Does that make the difference, where it brings the force of all of these issues under one? Because the thing I worry about is--I don't want to put Parkinson's research on Agent Orange exposure against Gulf War exposure. And I know you may tell me that's the choices we have to make, the hard ones. So I ask you, is the center of excellence the way to go to bring this under one in-house?    Mr. Walz. Yes. No, I think that's a true statement, though.    Mr. Walz. And I think our issue, especially with these toxic wound exposures in battle, it differs from cancer in that the private sector is not investing as much in this because there's--    Mr. Walz. That may be crass, too, but that's the reality of the economics. But, no, I thank you all for that, and I think the commitment here is, is that something happened to these folks. It's real--