    Mr. Curbelo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, more than 4,000 foreign children and adolescents have resettled in Miami, Dade County, in Fiscal Year 2015, and 937 more in the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2016. Foreign born students add an average of $2,720 in extraordinary costs to local school districts, above and beyond the per pupil State reimbursements.    The numbers of refugees, especially Cuban refugees, has increased substantially in our community. The estimated number was over 4,000 last year and is expected to be on a similar pace in the current year. However, this could be an understated number because many parents are immigrating without their children, and their children join them later once they have adjusted their status.    This presents a problem because the later arriving children of refugee parents do not count under refugee data, but they still represent major costs to local communities.    Since school districts are barred from inquiring into immigration status, is there a proxy measure for school-wide services that can be used to determine the actual impact of the significant influx on affected school districts?    Mr. Curbelo. Okay. Let me ask you, what is HHS doing, if anything, to address the recent increase in foreign born students that are challenging communities like ours? How can we help school districts like Miami, Dade County, serve these students?    Mr. Curbelo. So, let me ask you also, because this is a critical issue for our community, and as you know in the past, we have seen over 50,000 or close to 50,000 Cubans resettle in the United States, and the Miami, Dade County School District and Monroe County Schools, for that matter, obviously carry a heavy burden.    Do you know if funding from the Cuban Haitians Social Services Set-Aside--can school districts draw from those funds to mitigate some of the impacts on these school districts?    Mr. Curbelo. Well, this is just a critical issue for our community, Madam Secretary. I hope to work with you and with your department to find ways, to find more support for Miami, Dade County. This is another case where a local community faces the results or the consequences of what I believe is a flawed Federal immigration policy, a flawed Federal refugee policy in this case, and I think it is incumbent on the Federal Government to help communities like ours solve these problems because it is unfair for all of these costs, for all of the burden, to fall on local school districts and on local municipalities.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.