    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank the Chairman for holding this hearing today, not because of some of the non-issues that the Majority continues to raise, but because I think this hearing speaks to the need for improvement in the development of renewable energies on public lands.    Along those lines, I introduced a bill earlier this month with Representative Gosar, the bipartisan bill--H.R. 2663, the Public Lands Renewable Energy Development Act, that would streamline the regulatory and permitting process for wind and solar development on public land.    It has been very frustrating to me as a policymaker how oil and gas is able to develop on public lands without doing NEPA studies, with minimum permitting delays--usually in a period of weeks or months--but renewable energy projects often take years to be able to permit on public lands.    I was going to ask Deputy Director Ellis if he would agree that encouraging the development of renewable energies on public lands is a critical national priority and what can the Federal Government do to streamline and make less costly and faster the permitting process for renewable energy projects on public lands?    Mr. Polis. Is there more that you can do administratively, of course, in addition to Congress and this committee taking up H.R. 2663, to streamline and reduce the cost or timeline for approving renewable energy projects?    Mr. Polis. What is the estimate of the time frame for the NEPA work in those preferential areas?    Mr. Polis. Would you consider it an analogous project for wind and geothermal and other forms of renewable energy?    Mr. Polis. Well, those were solar zones. Would you consider a similar process around creating streamlined zones for wind and geothermal?    Mr. Polis. I think that would be welcomed. If you can submit later, we would love to see a comparison between the NEPA process in the preferred solar zones and the regular NEPA process around solar outside of those zones, assuming there has been some of those pending.    Also, we would love to be updated on your process around establishing similar zones for other forms of renewable energy and look forward to working with you on that.    I want to encourage you to take a look at H.R. 2663 as well, the bipartisan bill that would facilitate zoning for renewable energy projects on public land.    I yield back the balance of my time.