    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing to order this morning and I would like to recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    The Obama EPA has been particularly aggressive in issuing regulations and, of course, many of those regulations are beneficial. But at the same time, many of those regulations create job loss and obstacles to economic growth. And today we are going to be discussing two bills making targeted changes to EPA rules in order to avoid what we consider are adverse consequences: H.R. 3797, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Saving the Environment Act, referred to as the SENSE Act, and H.R., which I guess we don't have a number for this yet, the Blocking Regulatory Interference from Closing Kilns, or BRICK Act.    Now, the SENSE Act was introduced by Rep. Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania, who is with us today, and his bill addresses an issue of great concern in western Pennsylvania and other coal-mining regions around the country and that is the recycling of massive piles of coal refuse that were generated many years ago and continue to be located in many of these communities. Coal refuse is the above-ground waste product of coal mining found near many abandoned mine sites. Left unaddressed, coal refuse contributes to a number of environmental challenges such as acid mine drainage that may impact rivers and streams. Coal refuse from these abandoned mines can also spontaneously combust, creating fires that are difficult sometimes to put out.    Fortunately, there is an economically viable solution that benefits the environment while reclaiming acres of land and disposing of the coal refuse. Specialized power plants have been developed that can use coal refuse to produce electricity, and they are doing that today. These coal refuse-to-energy facilities not only reduce the volumes of coal refuse, but the resultant ash is environmentally beneficial and can then be used for site remediation.    However, the continued operation of these plants is in jeopardy by the EPA's Cross-State Air Pollution Rule and the agency's Mercury and Air Toxics Standard, also commonly referred to as Utility MACT. As written, these two EPA rules may cause the shutdown of coal refuse-to-energy plants and put a stop to the only economically proven means of addressing this issue. Members of this subcommittee have raised concerns with EPA regulators about the potential impact of the rules. I know that Congressman Rothfus has spent a great deal of time on it. And so we have been talking to EPA, asking for their assistance and, unfortunately, to this point they have simply ignored everything that we said.    Now, the BRICK Act, as the name implies, addresses a BRICK industry regulation and I would like to thank Bill Johnson for his work on this draft bill. Last September, EPA finalized its national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products manufacturing, commonly called Brick MACT. This rule contains ultra stringent new emission targets, and in fact it used as a baseline EPA's 2003 Brick MACT rule which already reduced industry emissions by 95 percent, according to a recent report. It should be noted that those 2003 Brick MACT standards were vacated by a federal court in 2007. But as in so many EPA regulations where suits are filed and the complainants win, the money is already spent.    The effort to comply has already been taken and so it is too late for a practical relief for these people, and that's precisely where the brick industry is finding itself today.    So I look forward to additional discussion. We have two panels of witnesses today about these practical common sense bills and hopefully we can provide some relief to these industries as they try to protect jobs, help economic growth and to expand their industries.    Mr. Whitfield. With that, at this time I would like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for his 5-minute opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back.    At this time, Mr. Upton is not here so I would like to recognize the gentleman from Ohio, the author of the BRICK Act, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back.    At this time, the chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Gentleman yields back and that concludes the opening statements. Like our friend from Illinois, I also want to welcome Keith Rothfus, a member of Congress from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, with us today.    He is the author of the SENSE Act and has been--I know we have had many discussions about it. I know he has been talking to EPA about it and had discussions with other groups as well.    So welcome, Congressman Rothfus, and you are recognized for a 5-minute opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. And be sure to turn the microphone on.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, Congressman Rothfus, thank you very much for being with us today, and as much as we would like to ask you questions we are going to dismiss you because we have another panel and we are going to be asking them a lot of questions.    But I want to thank you again for your leadership and bringing this to our attention and we all look forward to working with you to try to move this legislation to provide some assistance. I thank you very much.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you.    Now, at this time I would like to call up the witnesses on the second panel.    We have five of them. We have Mr. Davis Henry, who is the president and CEO of Henry Brick. We have Mr. Creighton McAvoy, who is president of McAvoy Brick Company.    We have Mr. Vincent Brisini, who is the director of environment affairs for Olympus Power and we have Mr. Dennis Beck, chairman of the Western Pennsylvania Coalition for Abandoned Mine Reclamation, and we have Mr. John Walke, who is senior attorney and clean air director at the Natural Resources Defense Council.    So if you all would come forward and have a seat. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning to discuss these two pieces of legislation.    We know that all of you have your expertise and we, as a committee, look forward to learning more about both of these bills and the impacts that they might have.    So, Mr. Brisini, you will be first and so everyone make sure their microphones are on when you do speak so that our transcriber here can get everything down.    But, Mr. Brisini, you are now recognized for five minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Brisini.    And Mr. Beck, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Beck, excuse me. I have let you go over about a minute and a half so----    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you so much.    Mr. Walke, welcome back. We appreciate your being here this morning. You're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Walke, thank you very much.    And, Mr. Henry, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Have you turned your mic on?    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much.    Mr. McAvoy, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. McAvoy, I let you go over about 2 minutes. If you would summarize your testimony.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you and I thank all of you for your testimony and at this time I recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Henry, how many employees do you have in your company?    Mr. Whitfield. Fifty-eight. And you have 26 families, Mr. McAvoy?    Mr. Whitfield. Recently I was reading an article and this article happened to be talking about some environmental groups who basically were saying that the end justifies the means. And that struck a chord with me because you look at the Brick MACT of 2003, that regulation which was vacated by a federal court. You look at the Utility MACT.    The Supreme Court recently found that rule to be legally flawed and remanded it back to EPA, and the day after the Supreme Court's decision EPA said in a blog that the Supreme Court ruling was of no practical impact, stating that the majority of power plants are already in compliance with our regulation or well on their way to compliance.    It is disturbing to me personally that EPA seems to be developing a pattern and they are doing the same thing with the Clean Air Act--I mean, the Clean Power Plan in which they--even Larry Tribe says it looks like you are burning up the Constitution what you're doing here and now it is at the Supreme Court on whether or not there is going to be a stay to the implementation of this act or not.    But they seem to be developing a pattern of they come forth with these regulations knowing full well the only avenue open to a company is to file a lawsuit or an association or groups to file lawsuits, knowing full well that that's going to take a period of time and the deadline for meeting the regulation is going to expire before that can be decided in the courts.    And so that is a disturbing trend and it seems to me that both of you in the brick industry are concerned about that with this 2015 act that you are going to have to comply, you are going to spend the money and the lawsuits are going to be filed and you may end up winning but in effect it is a hollow victory. Would you agree with that comment or not?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. We all recognize the Clean Air Act is a very important piece of legislation and I don't think America has to take a back seat to anyone on clean environment and we can credit the Clean Air Act for it. But I do think we have to be concerned when a pattern is developing where they are going so extreme on some of these regulations they cannot withstand legal challenge and yet the practical impact is it makes no difference because there is no avenue available.    So I think that's something we are all concerned about. Let me just ask you on the coal refuse issue and the BRICK, have you all had a lot of discussions with EPA about your particular problem?    Mr. Whitfield. And do you feel like you are making any progress in working on a solution with EPA on this?    Mr. Whitfield. OK. What about the brick industry? Have you all been meeting with them as well?    Mr. Whitfield. So it has been productive for you?    Mr. Whitfield. Suing to make them to comply?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, right. To make--yes, right. Right. Well, yes, it is really frustrating and my time is expired. So Mr. McNerney, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired. At this time the chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Brisini. We get into this issue when--I always like to give people an opportunity to answer, particularly when they're asked the question with about four seconds left in the--it's an art.    So thank you for your comments and particularly that part about states being able to immediately give you an exemption.    Mr. Doyle, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, sir. And at this time the chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for five minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you, Mr. Latta.    At this time I will recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the chair will recognize the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the chair will recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Engel, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Brisini, you want to make a comment?    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Brisini, I gave you a chance to respond there but I need to recognize Mr.----    Mr. Whitfield. I will tell you what. Let me finish with these two and then what we will do we will let Mr. Walke and Mr. Brisini sit next to each other and then we will go at it some more.    At this time, I will recognize Mr. Johnson of Ohio for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you. Thank you.    At this time the chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time the chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. You've actually been over 5 minutes but we'll give you----    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Thank you. At this time I will recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back and that concludes the questions and concludes today's hearing on these two pieces of legislation.    Once again, I want to thank all of the witnesses for being here and for giving us your perspective on both of these pieces of legislation.    We will keep the record open for ten days and we look forward to working with all of you as we make an effort to bring these bills to the floor.    And do you have anything else, Jerry? OK. So that concludes the hearing. Thank you all once again.