    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lombardi, from an acquisition perspective, the past efforts of the C-130 modernization program seem to have been problematic. For example, DOD's fiscal year 2016 budget justification reflects an acquisition cost of approximately $4.6 million per plane for the installation of the air traffic management upgrade that has already been done for commercial and other government variants of the C-130 for under $800,000.    Can you explain why the government solution is over five times the cost, and could this be a good opportunity to look at experimentation with existing commercial solutions?    Mr. Coffman. Thank you. I look forward to seeing that.    And then for any of you, for all of you, the protection of intellectual property rights appears to be a significant issue in terms of successful adaptation or adoption of the open system architecture. How would you suggest a balance be reestablished between a DOD structuring of competition and industry's business models, including IP rights to recover investment in commercial and privately funded technologies?    Who wants to start with that? Mr. Stackley.    Mr. Coffman. General.    General Williamson. Sir, if I could just add, I just wanted to add to what the Secretary said. So what I have discovered is that in many cases this gets to the communications piece. I have discovered there is a lot of urban legend about what the government owns and when you deal with them.    And so when I talked about this exposure and these communications that we are having with nontraditional defense contractors, we are finding that there is this myth that they are going to lose their IP. And case by case, you have to have that discussion. We have to do a better job of communicating.    And there are some cases where there have been specific algorithms, a specific technology that you are bringing that you should protect. And if we want it, we should pay for it. But you have to get rid of the myth first and understand the specifics of what we are talking about.    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Lombardi.    Mr. Coffman. Okay.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. I will just add, if it is all a myth, you all really do have work to do, and not just on software, because the perception in industry--and this comes from some of the announcements that Mr. Kendall has made--is that DOD is going to suck up all the intellectual property, and they are going to own it forever. And it is a real issue. And I appreciate the gentleman bringing it up.    Mr. Bridenstine.