    Mr. Connolly. Will my friend yield? My friend here, would you yield?    Mr. Connolly. I thank my friend. Mr. Perrelli, in response to Mr. Lieu about the fact that 85 more uniform personnel would only bring us back to the level of 2004--I, for one, am stunned by that. But isn't it also about turnover? I mean, part of the problem with the agency is not just how many uniform people we got, but how long they are there. They are being raided by other agencies. I am going to get into inadequate training in my questioning time. But it is also unbelievable--I mean,the average tenure of a uniform person is what?    Mr. Connolly. Thank you. And I thank my colleague.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to pick up on that very last point, Mr. Hagin. One of the reasons obviously it was originally at Treasury is because of the dual mission of the Secret Service. And I want to get into that. Your report says the paramount mission is protecting the President and other high-ranking national officials and allows no tolerance for error. We agree. But if you look at Secret Service's own documents, their presentation to the Congress for their budget, it says they carry out a unique dual mission of protection and investigation, meaning currency investigation.    In their mission Statement, their own mission Statement, they say the mission is to ensure the security of the President, Vice President and families, et cetera, and protects the integrity of our currency, and investigates crimes against national financial systems committed by criminals around the world and cyberspace. I want to ask--we are all focused on the protection of our senior officials in government and dignitaries who may visit the United States, but they have got a dual mission. And the question is, is that now, frankly, a problem for the Secret Service? They are having trouble with the paramount mission you have identified. Maybe it is time to re-examine whether this dual mission thing makes sense any longer, especially since we moved them out of Treasury.    Mr. Connolly. My time is going to run out. But I think what also--and I really appreciate Mr. Filip's candor--the currency side is a massive enterprise. And I don't know that it makes sense any longer to marry the two. It may have once. I agree there is spillover and externalities, positive externalities about the investigative part. But, frankly, the protective mission need not preclude investigations. In fact, quite the opposite. I, myself, have called the Secret Service on occasion to ask them to investigate a potential threat against a public official, including the President of the United States. So they already have that capacity, not tied necessarily to the currency part. And I would say the chairman, who has invited bipartisan cooperation here, this may be something, Mr. Chairman, we really need to look into, whether this continues to make any sense. I would yield if my time could be frozen.    Mr. Connolly. I think it was frozen at 55.    Mr. Connolly. Their mission.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you. I welcome that. And I absolutely welcome working with you and the ranking member on that. This is something that has bothered me for a long time. Final question--because I am going to run out of time and I thank the chair--training, your report is very troubling and you actually say training has diminished to the point of being far below acceptable levels. That just sent a chill down my spine when I read it. What could go wrong with that? And I wonder if you could just elaborate a little bit on what can we do efficaciously to turn that around and get it to far above acceptable levels?