    Secretary Stackley. Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, distinguished members of the Armed Services Committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss Department of the Navy, Marine Corps acquisition, and our efforts to improve agility and experimentation.    Your Navy and Marine Corps have a rich history of pushing the boundaries of science and technology to ensure our sailors and marines are equipped with the capabilities that they require to perform the full range of military operations that they are required.    Our ability to maintain our maritime dominance has become increasingly difficult, however, as the complexity, risk, cost, and time to develop our weapons system has steadily increased with each new generation of technology. In fact, our technological advantage is eroding. It is being chipped away at, as other militaries leverage access to the rapid global advancements in commercial and military science, technology, and manufacturing.    The Department of Defense has been on a campaign commonly referred to as Better Buying Power, which is focused on and making critical inroads to address these trends. As well, we appreciate the work of your committee to understand the issues and to enact the measures that will support us in meeting our collective objectives to improve upon the cost and time required to develop and deliver these leading-edge warfighting capabilities.    At the bottom line, maintaining our technological superiority requires greater innovation and agility to more than offset our adversaries' growing capabilities. Really, prototyping and experimentation are an essential element of our strategy. These efforts jump-start the development process and inform critical decisions on operational utility, technical feasibility, producibility, cost, and risk in order to expedite the ultimate fielding of advanced warfighting capability.    Now, what do innovation and agility look like today? In response to the proliferation of ballistic missile threat and turning to the proven capability of the Aegis weapon system, the President announced 6 years ago that we would install Aegis at a remote location in Romania to provide missile defense for our allies in the region.    In the ensuing years, involving sites at Huntsville, Alabama, and at the Aegis land base test site in Morristown, New Jersey, the Naval Warfare Center in Dahlgren, Virginia, and Wallops Island, Virginia, and the Pacific Missile Range facility in Hawaii, the Navy and the Missile Defense Agency completed the design, development, and test of the most complex to date Aegis BMD baseline to perform the mission and separately designed the facility, and built, assembled, integrated, and tested the total system at Morristown; then disassembled, shipped, reassembled, integrated, and the tested that facility on the ground in an austere location in Romania; all leading to turnover of the Aegis Ashore site to sailors of the 6th Fleet about a week ago.    In the interim, the Navy had provided ballistic missile defense by forward deploying four BMD-capable Aegis destroyers to the Mediterranean. Subsequent to their arrival, a new cruise missile threat emerged. In response, the Naval Research Lab, working with Naval Warfare Center at Crane, Indiana, went to work breaking down the characteristics of the threat and, within a deployment cycle, assembled, shipped overseas, and installed onboard the destroyers a transportable electronic warfare system that would effectively counter it.    In parallel, the Naval Sea Systems Command went to work designing and installing on the destroyers an adjunct system known as C-RAM that combines the radar, the Navy's close-in weapon system with the rolling airframe missile to provide defense in-depth against the threat. And all the while, the newest Aegis baseline and the Navy Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement Program are being updated with these capabilities to provide the permanent capability.    Meanwhile, in the 5th Fleet, a torpedo threat emerged that triggered a demand for a torpedo defense for our carriers deployed in that region. And what was called the ``Push to the Bush,'' the Naval Undersea Warfare Center in New London, Connecticut, working with Penn State Applied Research Lab developed and integrated a series of underwater sensors, an alert system, and an antitorpedo torpedo that was installed on the USS George H.W. Bush prior to her deployment to provide the first-ever surface ship torpedo defense system. And we are now further improving upon that capability as we transition to a program of record.    Separately, in response to a combatant commander's demand, within a 12-month timeline, the Navy converted the retiring USS Ponce to perform the mission of an afloat forward staging base for the 5th Fleet. And Ponce proved to be the perfect opportunity to put to sea the first ever laser weapon system. The Navy is leveraging this experiment to further our development of directed-energy weapons.    And, meanwhile, on the other side of the globe, in the 7th Fleet, demonstration by China of a long-range antiship cruise missile, a long-range antiship ballistic missile, spurred rapid development of capabilities to counter these threats. And within about a year's timeframe, Naval Air Warfare Center at China Lake demonstrated the ability to employ the Tomahawk missile against maritime targets through a synthetic guidance, and we are exploring further systems with new seekers for that weapon.    Similarly, we are developing the antiship version of the air-launched missile known as JASSM-ER and will explore further steps to develop a surface-launched version of this missile. And while the details regarding the defense against antiship ballistic missiles are classified, we are employing the same basic skills of integrating mature technologies into proven systems to rapidly provide the capability necessary to defeat the threat.    Now, there are several key elements that are common to these examples of rapid prototyping and experimentation. First and foremost is a highly skilled and experienced acquisition workforce. And we are fortunate to have warfare centers, system centers, and laboratories equipped with world-class scientists and engineers uniquely qualified to develop technical solutions to complex warfighting problems, and they are positioned to leverage FFRDCs , academia, small businesses, and the greater defense industry to execute our rapid prototype efforts.    The Department, with strong support from Congress, is taking measures to strengthen this workforce, and we look to further those efforts with you this year.    The second key enablers, the integration of these technical experts with our fleet forces, the collective wisdom of our operational forces combined with our technical community's understanding of complex science, technology, and engineering challenges facing naval warfare, provide an incredible opportunity to change the calculus of future naval warfare.    The third key enabler is designing our major weapons systems for rapid insertion of technology through the use of modular open systems standards. The success of the Navy submarine force's Acoustic Rapid COTS Insertion program, which provided a common open system designed for submarine combat systems and enabled the near-continuous upgrade to the systems paced by available technology and a response to the threat, has spurred a sea change in naval systems design.    Navy and Marine Corps systems have since instituted modular open system design standards in the development of virtually all of our future platforms and major weapons systems.    The fourth key enabler is a work in process, and that is agility on the business side of the equation, primarily budgeting and contracting to match the agility we expect and demand on the technical and operational side. The cycle time of the budget process alone is arguably greater than the cycle time of the technologies we need to leverage and, in certain cases, the cycle time of the threat we need to defeat.    If we are to improve upon the speed at which we deliver capability to the fleet, we must improve upon the time required to go from the identification of a threat or a critical technology and touching the hardware and software required to defeat the threat.    I am confident we have the ability to collapse this timeline while yet maintaining the necessary judicious oversight required by Congress on the use of taxpayer dollars. We have demonstrated the ability to accelerate capability and response to urgent needs, and we are bringing a similar sense of urgency to major program acquisition to deliver capability at much-needed speed of technology.    The Navy looks forward to working closely with your committee again this year as we continue to tackle these challenges, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Lombardi.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir. Let me first state what I tried to touch on in my opening remarks. We are at prototyping and experimentation in a big way today. What we are doing though is fairly--I will call it--episodic. It is being driven by a compelling threat that gets top leadership's attention, and we make mountains move to address the threat. What we need to do is take that model and incorporate it into a way we do business every day. And so that is the journey that we are on today.    Much of what we need we are already working on. It is the skill set that I described, and I cannot overstate how critical section 219 funding has been to this effort. Section 219 funding is lifeblood to our warfare centers, our science and technical community, and so everything that you all have done to support that is paying off huge dividends, and it is underpinning our efforts in terms of prototyping and experimentation.    You touched on requirements and definition. The requirements and definition process is long and laborious, so if we are going to make serious inroads, we have to go ahead and march forward with prototyping and experimentation on the front end of the requirements definition process and not wait for requirements to be defined and then initiate an experiment.    The prototyping and experimentation help to inform and help to better define the requirements. We want the ability to take the risk in that phase before we have invested large dollars and committed ourselves to a particular system solution. We want to go ahead and take those risks, experiment with what is possible, better define the requirements, narrow the solution set, get a better understanding of what the cost will ultimately be before we launch into the program of record.    Prioritization is important. What we are doing today is we are taking our technical community, and merging it with our fleets, and sitting down with--inside of the fleet, they have warfare development centers--and sitting down with the warfare development centers and asking them, what are your top issues? We can't launch a thousand projects today. What we want to do is ensure that, at least on the front end, our efforts are focused on the top priorities. So we are getting those priorities from the fleet to address the--before requirements definition process--the experimentation that will help us all out and then move into execution.    So let me talk about the things that we need to help out. One is money, and I am not coming here asking for money, but what I am describing is that the budget process, if we have an emerging issue today, we have missed the train for PB 2017. In fact, we have already submitted the POM issue sheets for PB 2018. So an emerging issue today may or may not make the 2018 budget request.    So we are sitting here in early 2016 without dollars that are available to address an emerging issue or a critical technology that creates an opportunity unless we have something like the entire Department aligned to reprogram and to do the acts that go outside of the normal budget cycle.    So what we are grappling with is, how do we make dollars available to either address emerging threats or to respond to available technologies that will give us the capabilities that we need?    The second issue is simply intel . The better we are aligned with our intel community, the less technical and operational surprise there is and better informs us in terms of our efforts earlier on. So, quite often, we are responding to the threat. The earlier start we get on that through access and alignment between our technical community, the intel community, and the operators, the better start that we will get.    And the third item I would mention is access to commercial technology. And you see and hear of initiatives that are going on today, DIUx that the Secretary of Defense has announced.    But the bottom line is, there is much more technology available to help us solve our issues than we have direct access to today, and this in part is due to a reluctance in certain sectors of technology to plug into the large government, the large Department of Defense, because of fear of the bureaucracy that you referred to and what that might mean in terms of things like data rights, things like layers of oversight, what is referred to as the burden associated with doing business with the government. We are going at that. We are trying to pierce that. But that is not going to be a quick turnaround.    The Chairman. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Lombardi.    Secretary Stackley. Sir, let me take that question. I have a lot of history on this particular program. You correctly summarized the expeditionary fighting vehicle in terms of that vehicle prototype was in the late 1980s, and the program was canceled in 2009. It was difficult. There is a difficult history that went behind that.    The shift to what is referred to as the amphibious combat vehicle, which is the competition that is currently ongoing--and, in fact, we have an award that was done a few weeks ago----    Secretary Stackley . There were, in fact, four competitors, and we have gone to a down-select.    Now, let me offer--you made a reference to cost. It would be cheaper to just go off the shelf than to go ahead and solicit proposals. I would refute that. Now, what we are doing is we are leveraging competition to drive cost down for the vehicle that the Marine Corps requires. And, in fact, the cost that we have received in the proposals are extremely affordable relative to--much more so than what was the EFV and relative to estimated cost based on the four contractors outside of competition.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir. Now up a couple things to go with that. One, the structure of the contract, okay, our confidence, it is effectively getting us into a fixed-price arena because we are leveraging extremely mature technologies, as you described.    Secretary Stackley. We are leveraging mature technologies not just to have high-cost confidence but inside of the contract to give us what effectively is going to perform like a fixed-price type contract.    Second piece is, we are going after this capability in an incremental fashion, which reduces risks, and we are going after it in two separate increments. The first increment will give us capability that we will be able to put to work early on, but ultimately we want Increment 2.    What we have been able to do through the competition in identifying what Increment 2 capabilities will be is we have been able to drive the competitive field to offer vehicles that come as close as possible to an Increment 2. And, in fact, the potential is there that this initial vehicle that we award will be able to take us from Increment 1 to Increment 2 without any further follow-on development effort.    So the entire approach here was to leverage mature technologies, take the industrial base that is out there today producing combat vehicles, lay in the requirements that are unique to the Marine Corps, do it in such a fashion that it is incremental but make it clear where we ultimately need to go and to let competition drive cost down and drive the competitive field to deliver those capabilities as early as possible.    We think we are exactly where we should be. And the only thing we regret is that the first go-around, going back to EFV, didn't take a similar type of approach.    Secretary Stackley. Sure.    Secretary Stackley. Let me describe it this way, sir: The Navy is going about that. And the way I would describe it, the Air Force's Rapid Capabilities Office emerged about a little bit more than a decade ago and specifically focused on ISR missions and special aircraft. And so it has a unique focus.    We are looking much more broadly than that, although there will be something that will closely mirror the Air Force RCO going forward for unique missions, particularly in the black world.    But much more broadly, we do have a very strong technical base that we need to better leverage, and we need to marry it up more tightly with the fleet and the Marine Corps to short-circuit that longer process that goes through the requirements definition, the budgeting process, to ultimately get into a program of record.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir. And we actually do that today. However, we do it almost in an ad hoc fashion. And so what we are doing, and that is my organization alongside CNO and the Commandant, what we are doing is we are aligning our teams, and it is going to be one team, to bring the best technology and technical experts that we have to bear against the highest priority requirements that are being defined by the fleet today.    And then let's launch now into experimentation and prototyping on how to deal with either that threat or that critical technology while in parallel the machinery starts up for requirements definition and budgeting so that by the time we get into that cycle, we have a firm understanding of the technical, and we have a much greater understanding of the cost, and we have started to shape and point our industrial base towards the solution. So we will both make progress in the interim and then reduce the amount of time it takes on the back end to ultimately field the longer term solution.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir. I think you can expect that Secretary, CNO, and Commandant will do a more formal rollout of this construct.    Secretary Stackley. It would be preemptive of me to be discussing what is in the 2017 budget. However, most of these efforts are in an account called 6.4. It is in the R&D account 6.4. Right now, our 6.1 through 6.3 funding, which is sponsored by the Office of Naval Research, is a very mature budget process, and I think you all are very well familiar with it.    When you get beyond 6.3 and get into 6.4 and beyond, now you are into programs of record, what we want to do is carve out the ability to increase our prototyping experimentation inside of that 6.4 account, and we will discuss it in greater detail when the budget comes across.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, ma'am. If doing that is associated with the discussion we just had on funding, the issue is budget exhibits require that we define exactly how we are going to use the taxpayer dollars so that you all can authorize and appropriate and conduct the oversight.    The nature of the beast, whether it is emerging threats or available critical technologies have become available, is that it is hard today as we put together our POM 2018 issue sheets. We cannot predict what that threat will be in 2018 so that when we are in execution we have dollars available to go directly to the threat.    And so we are looking for, as General Williamson described, a degree of flexibility. And we are not talking large dollars, frankly, because we are talking prime-the-pump levels of funding that let us get the technical machinery moving aside the fleet to address these early experimentation efforts as soon as we see a technology or a threat that we want to address. Not large dollars, but defining it so that you all have confidence in terms of being able to authorize and appropriate to those dollars has been a challenge in the past.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, ma'am. Well, let me commit to you that when the budget comes over, we are going to be coming over with the budget and sitting down with the authorization and the appropriation committees to lay out an approach and a process that will give you all the confidence and the insight and the oversight in terms of how we would execute funding to increase the degree of experimentation and prototyping that we are describing here today.    Secretary Stackley. Well, actually, I think we can. What we need to do is convince the Congress that it has the degree of oversight and insight that it needs to do its job.    Secretary Stackley. Sir, I can just give you one example, and this goes back probably 20 to 25 years ago. We had a thing called the M account. And the M account was a management account to--it had a degree of flexibility in it as a management reserve effectively for the Department.    And Congress determined that it effectively did not appreciate the way the Department was managing the M account. And separately, as pressing needs emerged, the choices were between having dollars parked into an M account or having those dollars go toward specific budget line items. And so the M account eventually went away. That was a large account in terms of providing management reserve.    Since then, there has been a reluctance to put any dollars into the budget that don't meet very well-defined, disciplined definitions of how the dollars will be used. And I think we can get past that. I think we can get past that. And I am looking forward to when the budget comes over, sitting down and talking with the committees and your staffs to work through this.    Secretary Stackley. I would say it is difficult, both sides. It is difficult inside the Department of Defense because it starts with you identify a need, then you have to identify an offset. We don't send over reprogramming requests on the Aegis typically, and so it is a fairly long cycle within a cycle and it is a tough process.    And then when it comes over here, it gets the appropriate scrutiny. So it is an element of time, sir. And relative to the annual budgeting process, which, as we have described is about 2 years from the identification of a need when you actually get funding, it is probably half of that. But it is also funding that you cannot rely upon in terms of building a plan around to go ahead and get started executing. And so it is a degree of uncertainty that comes with the process.    The Chairman. Mr. Courtney.    Secretary Stackley. Absolutely, sir. First, the Department of the Navy greatly appreciates the way this committee has worked with us in terms of identifying the challenges associated with the Ohio Replacement Program and helping to put tools in the toolbox to address those challenges. As we have discussed in the recent past, the Navy is working closely with industry, both Electric Boat and Newport News, in structuring an approach to attack the affordability side of the equation.    The authorities that you have put in place, they will be extremely helpful. What we need to do is come back with a comprehensive approach, a more comprehensive approach, that explains to Congress how we are going to use these authorities, what the benefit we all receive from that, and how this is going to ultimately drive down the costs to recapitalize that critical asset. This will be an important part of our dialogue in the 2017 budget cycle.    Secretary Stackley. Absolutely. The nature of the beast is we are still in the design and development phase, and the authorities that we are talking about really apply to the procurement phase, and so we have lead time in terms of structuring. So, for example, when we talk about EOQ , we are all in in terms of EOQ. It is going to be a 12-boat procurement. There are certain things, like missile tubes, that we are going to stand up an industrial base that is going to make 12 boats worth of missile tubes, and then it is going to stand down. So if we stretch that out over a 15-year period, the only thing we know for sure is that will be the most costly way to procure missile tubes. So we want to look at how do we leverage EOQ type of authorities and then batch build the missile tubes in such a fashion that we will be buying them potentially ahead of need, but we will be buying them in the most affordable manner and with the least impact on the industrial base.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir. Thanks for the question. The laser weapon system on board the Ponce, size-wise it is what we would refer to as a 30-kilowatt system, so it is probably at the lower limit of lethality. But what we are able to do by experimenting with IT is to understand, how does the laser perform in a maritime environment, which has always been a risk with this type of technology? We are learning, what do we need to do to scale up from 30 kilowatts up to notionally 150 kW, which is a more lethal size weapon system? What does that mean in terms of shipboard, space, weight, power, and cooling requirements? What is the performance of the system against moving targets, both fast-moving surface targets, as well as aerial targets? And then what is the ship system and, most importantly, the operator perspective in terms of utilizing this and coupling it with other self-defense capabilities on a ship?    Our next step is today we are taking the lessons learned from the Ponce, and we are evaluating and exploring a 150-kilowatt system to go onboard a DDG-51 class for experimentation and prototyping to determine, is that the right size, shape for a system that will provide the degree of lethality that we are looking for out of this directed-energy system?    Secretary Stackley. Sir, I know there are studies that have been done on this. I would have to get back to you with a more thorough response to give you the results of those studies.    Secretary Stackley. Let me describe it this way, sir, is that the pace of technology is it is outpacing our current, recent history of acquiring capability. You pointed out the acquisition process. When I think about the acquisition process, I think about everything from the start of defining a requirement to the back end of fielding the capability and supporting it in service, as opposed to that thing in the middle that sometimes people refer to that is associated with contracting actions.    It is a long and lengthy process, and much of the theme of this hearing, talking about how do we jump-start this, how do we accelerate it, much of the theme of this hearing is about taking risk upfront to try to accelerate that requirement's definition, the understanding of the requirement, and the maturing of the technologies. Let's take that risk upfront to try to collapse down some of that timeline. And then when we shift over to a more traditional development and production phase, then we are starting at a much more mature level, much better understanding of what we have to build and can, in fact, accelerate that at the same time.    Secretary Stackley. Let me start. I think we referred to DIUx as an example of how we are trying to explore greater access to innovation, where we are trying to engage with a sector of our commercial technology, nontraditional for defense. We get a better understanding of what makes them successful, better understanding of what leading-edge technologies are in their hands that could provide great military utility, and perhaps more importantly is establish a longer-term relationship with this sector.    Now in doing that, we have got to overcome some challenges in-house. When we take commercial technologies and then try to convert them to a weapons system, we have different standards. That is really underlying much of the challenge that we deal with today when we talk about innovation. There are very few instances where we can just take a commercial technology and carry it into war. But on the other hand, we have to take a hard look at the standards that we apply for our weapons systems to ensure that we are not placing excessive technical burden that would preclude----    Secretary Stackley. I would just very shortly say that I don't think there is a broad brush, but I think what we need to do is have a discussion about the specifics of examples or initiatives that we want to attempt because there are very clear cases where scoring does stand as an impediment, and we would like to bring the case.    Secretary Stackley. Let me start, ma'am. First, we are not asking for more money.    Second, it is not that we are asking for more leeway and fewer restrictions. What we want to be able to do is increase the degree of prototyping and experimentation that we can do and to shorten the timeline for developing our major weapons systems. And we want to use this limited amount of prototyping and experimentation to determine if we are on the right track for a technology or a specific technical solution to our warfighters' problem before we launch into major investment of dollars.    So we are not proposing to invest large--first off, to raise the top line, invest large dollars, and put great dollars at risk. We are talking about a limited amount of funding to determine before we invest the large dollars, before we come to the Congress and ask you all to authorize and appropriate those dollars, to see if we are on the right track.    And we are absolutely committed to doing this in broad daylight with the Congress so you have full insight and oversight to our efforts.    Secretary Stackley. I am absolutely not suggesting that we should be increasing the amount of concurrence that we do in terms of development and production at the same time. What we want to do is reduce the risk, mature the technologies before we get into that environment, make sure we are on the right track.    We are, in fact, doing this today in limited cases. What we want to do is make this a greater part of our practice. The limited cases where we do it, we find success, and we simply want to make that a greater part of our practice.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, ma'am. What I would be happy to do is come back and walk through some examples of the prototyping that we have done that has proven successful and how we move from that to the next step, what that means in terms of dollars, what that means in terms of the process that we use and why it makes good sense. And how can we the Department working with the Congress ensure that we are achieving our mutual objectives in terms of time, in terms of money, in terms of delivering capability, insight, and oversight.    Secretary Stackley. Let me start. I think we are on that journey. I think we have been on that journey for 40 years or longer. It is a constant challenge. I am a former program manager, and I understand what the limitations are. I understand what the pressures are. I understand what the authorities are in the hands of our program manager, and he is really at the nexus. Nobody above him understands the details as well as he does--he or she does--and nobody below him or her understands the broader picture associated with our requirements, budgeting, and procurement processes. So how do you empower them? First and foremost, make sure they are qualified. Make sure we have got the best people assigned to those positions. In fact, one of the things that we have done is we are double pumping some of our program managers. I am taking a program manager, the Virginia-class submarine program manager, who served for 4 good years in that job. He is rewarded by becoming the Ohio Replacement program manager because that is our number one priority, and, by God, that is not a training ground. I want somebody that has been proven successful. So he is in place there, and you know what he has overseeing him, he has got me and the CNO. And we sit down regularly with him to understand the path that he is on to ensure that he has, one, our full support and the weight of our positions behind him so that the organization is responsive to him and, two, to make sure that he is on the right path.    So empowerment means first and foremost having qualified people in the positions, and we are working on that across the board. And, two, it is ensuring that the authorities, that accountability, that the line of accountability is clear and unambiguous, from the program manager , PEO, the acquisition executive, service chief, and the DAE , so that the weight of those offices and not the staff surrounding them, is supporting the PM as opposed to impeding the PM.    General Williamson. Sir, I would just like to add a couple of comments to what the Secretary said. Again, you start with making sure that you have a person who has been developed. But there is also this notion--I keep coming back to this notion of risk in the culture. So I am one of those people that actually managed a program that some would consider to have been a failure, but what we did, what I did was applied the due diligence, followed the process where appropriate, and challenged, also where it was appropriate. The difference is that I am sitting here today. So at the end of the day, you can't hatchet someone who has done the right thing, and as an organization, as an enterprise, we have to make sure that that is conveyed to our folks, that you have to be willing to take risk, but it has to be measured risk. I don't want people rolling the dice. I want people to collect data, be able to support that data, and then execute to the best of their abilities, and so that culture has to become a part of what we do.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, ma'am. I described in my opening remarks the Acoustic Rapid COTS Insertion program that the Navy launched into. Because we could not afford to upgrade our submarine combat systems and the threat was outpacing us, we had to break that model. So we took an incumbent that had a sole source on our combat systems, and we broke it up. Now, that was tough because the software is the key. It is not just a hardware issue; it is a software issue. It took time to break up the software, open it, and then make it accessible to third parties to be able to compete and bring the technologies that we needed to advance our capabilities to where they are today and need to be. That model became the model for all of our systems. And so today our standard is, in fact, we have an open systems architecture standard that we drive into all of our programs. We have been on this path for about a decade. The challenge is the legacy systems. And those we upgrade by--we convert to open standards through the upgrade path. When we upgrade our existing systems, we look to open up at least that portion of the system so that future upgrades and third-party access to bring capabilities is made possible.    Secretary Stackley. Sir, I am actually not aware of that.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir. You might be referring to a company called USEC.    Secretary Stackley. Formerly called USEC. If that is the case, that is a separate issue which I would be happy to discuss with you in detail offline.    Secretary Stackley. I will start with that, yes, sir.    First, when you go to open systems, it is a business model and it is a technical model. And the business model brings into question the data rights associated. Our view is that if the government has paid for the development of software, the government should acquire the data rights with that software.    If somebody is bringing in software to a system that they developed, then, frankly, that is a discussion with that element of industry in terms of whether or not we, the government, feel like we need the data rights to that software, and then how would we go about acquiring that with industry.    So it is a business model. If we pay for the software development, we should be acquiring the data rights as we pay for that development. If we have failed to do so, for whatever reason, and downstream now we need to upgrade or add capability, then we are reopening a contractual discussion with that contractor in terms of data rights on the software.    So we have to be very careful that we are not chasing away industry when it comes to data rights and intellectual property, so we have to do a better job of having that dialogue and communication. But if we have paid for it, in fact, we should be acquiring the data rights with it.    Secretary Stackley. I will add one thing, and that is, we have become much smarter about data rights, and we are having that dialogue much earlier in the procurement process so that we are not downstreaming while hung up.