    Mr. Batkins. Thank you, Chairman Smith, and Members of the Committee.    Mr. Batkins. I will direct your attention to the chart, which is now everywhere, which shows midnight regulatory activity from 1997 to 2012, and you'll notice two pronounced spikes. Those are in red, in 2000 and 2008. And what I mean by midnight regulations, when we studied the midnight quarter, which is just between November and January--and you'll notice that if you look at--all midnight rules where this chart shows are just significant rulemakings. It's roughly 80 to 90 percent more than other similar midnight quarters. For example, in 2000 and 2008 OIRA concluded review of 51 and 54 significant rulemakings.    During those next subsequent quarters, so February to April, the next closest economically significant reviews were 20 and 29. So we had almost double the amount of significant regulatory activity during the presidential midnight quarters as opposed to the next subsequent quarters. This chart is somewhat reflective of action at DOE and EPA as well, although perhaps a bit less so.    Now, Administrations, of course, have tried to curb this practice in the past, and this makes sense. Administrator Howard Shelanski has a memo sort of ushering in a new era of let's slow down the process. Let's not rush any particular regulations. Josh Bolten, who was the White House Chief of Staff in 2008, issued a memorandum which set up sort of a brief schedule of when proposed rules should come to OIRA and when final rules should head to OIRA. But as you can see in 2008, agencies still managed to finalize quite a number of midnight regulations, including from DOE and EPA.    Now, what does this mean? It has profound implications. We've heard the Mercatus data on quick OIRA review times generally lead to poor economic analysis, and poor economic analysis can often lead to poorer results as well. And when we're talking about multibillion, multimillion dollar rules, the Nation can't afford poor analysis. We want to be able to look back at these rules 5, ten years down the road and determine whether or not we were--they were effective. And rushing rulemakings through the process doesn't allow us to examine rulemakings, again, five, ten years later. So a measured pace that allows the small staff of OIRA to do their job is important.    Now, the Nation has already paid a pretty high price--I mentioned DOE and EPA--for those regulations. If you add up EPA and DOE on a net present value basis, it's roughly $500 billion in costs with an associated 33 million paperwork burden hours. Just to put that paperwork burden in context, it would take 16,500 employees working full-time, 2,000 hours a year, to complete the new paperwork from just these two agencies, which is one reason why the Nation's paperwork burden--and I checked today; it hasn't changed that much--is still at the highest level we've seen in recent history.    So I've mentioned a lot of figures. What do they mean generally for individuals? Well, regulation imposes transition costs. Those costs can be borne by the firms in terms of their employees' pay or perhaps even employee dislocation, they can be borne by the shareholders of the companies, or they can be passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices, sometimes all three.    And agencies themselves do routinely admit--and there is evidence--that a lot of these costs do get passed on to consumers. For example, a hypothetical consumer purchasing a furnace fan, refrigerator, water heater, according to analysis, could pay an additional $600 on what is in essence a regulatory tax.    The G.W. Regulatory Studies Center and Sofie Miller have found that these burdens can often be regressive. They are based generally sort of on a one-sized-fits-all, but not all consumers have the same preferences. By using discount rates of 3 and seven percent, we sort of assume that all consumers behave the same way, and in many respects, that's not the case.    In terms of reform to the midnight regulation system, there are a lot of options, some of which are messy. We can do what Rahm Emanuel and Andy Card did when the Administration changed over and, in essence, issue a regulatory moratoria. I mean, for an entire month when President Obama took office, no new significant regulations came out of the White House.    We can also use the Congressional Review Act, which is, again, a messy sort of piecemeal approach. If there are regulations Congress doesn't like in 2017, they can use that approach to repeal them.    And there's also a positive approach. Congress could enact legislation providing for a flexible schedule for midnight regulation during presidential election years.    Another way, the ALERT Act, which Congress is currently considering, would prohibit a rule from taking effect unless posted on the internet for at least 6 months. That doesn't have the direct intended effect of curbing midnight regulation, but it is one approach.    And with that, I will conclude and I'll be happy to take your questions.    Mr. Batkins. Well, I mean, if you take a deep dive and go into their own regulatory analysis, you'll find them admit often that regulations could raise healthcare costs, could raise energy costs, and could raise costs to the consumer. Another impact which is probably not talked about a lot is there are, I think, by our account, roughly 30 regulations where even regulatory agencies admitted that costs would exceed the benefits. And there have been a few in the environmental realm as well. So, you know, I think a lot of the big regulations get a lot of play in the press, but again, there are several where the agencies have admitted costs would exceed benefits.    Mr. Batkins. Well, it's a great question. One we've mentioned, Mercatus here, their research, looking at sort of the completeness of regulatory analysis. And they use a scale of--out of 30, and I think DOE on that scale is a 19 out of 30, which is not a grade that I would want to get. But it does actually best other Cabinet agencies. EPA is about a 15 out of 30.    So one thing that a lot of--when I talk to people who actually have to comply with regulations that are looking at the regulatory impact analysis is they want a way that they can sort of completely reproduce what the agency's analysis says. And that might be the case sometimes, but oftentimes, that's not the case, and the ability to sort of really see what the agency--what their assumptions are and how those assumptions play out in the data represented to the public.    Mr. Batkins. Sure. In my testimony I sort of just merely highlighted the research which exists now, which basically just looks at consumer preferences by income range. Obviously, there are some consumers who will come out with a net benefit from efficiency standards. But what the existing research looked at was discount rates, and they found that lower-income consumers typically had much higher discount rates than higher-income consumers. And if you use those higher discount rates for a lot of these energy efficiency rules that were studied, they turn net costs as a result.    Mr. Batkins. Sure. Whenever you, you know, hear figures, tens of billions, hundreds of billions, realize that a good portion or at least some of the costs ultimately get passed down to consumers, and that acts as a sort of regressive tax. It almost acts like a sales tax on consumers. And beyond just the consumer angle, there's also the angle of businesses. We've done some research which has found that as higher regulatory burdens increase, you'll actually get fewer small business growths and more deaths from small businesses. And what we have found, which was I think most surprising as the regulatory burdens increase is that we actually found growth in the largest businesses. So not only do these businesses have sort of regressive impacts on consumers through higher prices, higher energy bills, higher utility bills, but it can also impact small businesses as well because they don't have the capital, the ability to, you know, compete with--sometimes with large competitors.    Mr. Batkins. Sure. I mentioned that Congress has under consideration the ALERT Act, which would basically allow sort of posting on the internet a regulation for at least 6 months before it can go into effect. There are some regulations that we've studied where there's been an economically significant regulation imposed before it was even published in the Unified Agenda, period, and very little in the way of public feedback.    And I'll give you one example. From the 2000 midnight period, there was a Department of Energy regulation which was proposed in October of 2000, published in the Federal Register the following January 2001. The entire rulemaking history was less than the comment period for the Clean Power Plan. So that's how quickly some rulemakings can move through the process, in the matter of a few weeks.    Mr. Batkins. Sure. I mean, there's always--I think what you fear, especially, like I mentioned, when you're dealing with these multimillion, multibillion dollar regulations, you don't want that unknown. If a regulation is getting finalized and industry still has questions and there might even be some uncertainty--a great deal of uncertainty for regulators, you don't want that degree of unknown.    And what's more troublesome is that, you know, we're sort of issuing hundreds of regulations, and the number that actually we go back and look at and determine whether or not they were effective or not is on the area of 1 or two percent. I mean, Congress has the benefit of passing a budget and going back and seeing whether or not programs were effective. On the regulatory side, it is really just sort of a black hole of information.    Mr. Batkins. Sure. I mean, I would echo those comments as well, noting that, you know, the--a lot of the research that we have today shows that not everyone along the income ladder benefits the same way from EPA or DOE regulations. And--but when the regulations are promulgated, they sort of assume homogenous consumer and that's not always the case. Our consumer preferences are different. Our time series are different. Our income streams are different. So, yes, a lot of these regulations can have regressive impacts.    Mr. Batkins. Sure, there was actually an EPA regulation which was issued, I believe, I in 2011 or 2012, and in it EPA forecasted $52 million in environmental dis-benefits was the term that they used from dirtier air and dirtier water, which was a bit of a surprise coming from EPA. There is actually some research on employment dislocation and what that means for mortality and morbidity going forward. And researchers found that employment dislocations can lead to a 15 to 20 percent jump in mortality the 20 years after a dislocation. So in a sense it can all be connected.    Mr. Batkins. I mean, I don't study at that sort of granular level, but I can understand certainly, you know, how that would be the case. When you're talking about, you know, in some instances a regulatory tax of a few hundred dollars, there are going to have to be some tradeoffs made, and I can certainly see that taking place in the real world.    Mr. Batkins. I mean, quite frankly, frequently. I mean, we have I think over 176,000 pages of regulation. And I know a specific example for the new silica standard which is being drastically lowered. It's currently at the White House----    Mr. Batkins. It's currently at the White House now, and OSHA has said that, you know, they don't have--they haven't fully enforced, you know, the old standard. They don't know that 100 percent of businesses are currently running--are in compliance with the old standard. So when you have 176,000 pages and tens of thousands of regulators, obviously, you will get some instances where there is non-enforcement, and then that won't stop a regulator from going back and tightening the standard further.