    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Harbert, you mentioned in your testimony the Turk plant, which happens to be in my district, and I have had the opportunity to visit the Turk plant. I'm also an engineer and have designed many industrial facilities, and it is a very impressive plant. And I will say this about all of manufacturing in the United States, the facilities I have been involved with, they go to great extents to meet all permitting requirements. They are very conscientious about being good stewards of the environment. But when we see a plant like the Turk plant that is a super hypercritical coal facility, best technology in the world, if that plant can't meet emissions, that's simply saying that we are going to abandon coal as a fuel source if we can't use technology like at the Turk plant.    And when we look across the renewable energy spectrum, which I have done projects in renewable energy as well, they are not nearly as economically competitive as traditional fuels, and we also see that they have got technical problems with peak demand and baseline loads.    So I think my question is more questioning the overall premise of our energy policy and our effort to use more renewables. Wouldn't it make more sense, while traditional energy prices are low, to divert more research into renewables to make those technologies more efficient so that as we make our traditional fuels more scarce in the future, our renewables become more economic and will provide a much better energy source for the future? So I know you have worked with the 21st Century--you know, Institute for 21st Century Energy. I'd like to get your input and maybe even Dr. Curry's input on how we need to maybe rethink the premise of our whole energy policy and the way we address using renewables in the future.    Hon. Harbert. I think two quick points. It's ironic that under the Administration's proposal that we would be forced to close the Turk plant because it cannot meet the expectations of the proposal, and yet to highlight the disparity in obligations, China will continue to be able to build those plants, 54 new plants just like that one and yet we can't build one here.    You know, the idea should be--you know, the idea under this Administration's proposal is to make today's affordable energy more expensive. And what we should be focusing on is making a broad variety of energy more affordable, including alternatives like wind and solar, make it more competitive and let the market work. That's what is good for the American economy, that's what is good for the consumer, that's what is good for your constituents.    But this is going to raise electricity prices in Arkansas. And particularly, you know, if you look at Arkansas, you have got 61 percent of the households in Arkansas which are considered low-income households which spend 20 percent of their income on energy, they are going to be hit the worst. We should be offering them more options, not fewer, more expensive options.    Mr. Westerman. Dr. Curry, would you like to add to that?    Mr. Westerman. Yes. When we talk about CO<INF>2</INF> emissions, even, you know, some of the policies that come out of here seem to be counterproductive to reducing CO<INF>2</INF> emissions, even with our forests that we fail to manage properly that emits, you know, 70, 80, 90 million tons per year of carbon into the atmosphere because we haven't managed those forests correctly. So I think we just need to focus on the science and how to make all of our energy sources more economical for the future. And with that, Mr. Chairman, I think I'm out of time.