    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. And I thank all our panelists for being here today. We are examining two bills today: one to modernize the regulations for business development companies, or BDCs; and another to revise the definition of an accredited investor.    The BDC bill is very familiar to all of us in this Congress because we considered a similar bill in depth in the last Congress. Since then, I am pleased to say that we have made some very good progress on this bill, and the draft that we are considering today reflects input from the Democratic side of the aisle, the Republican side of the aisle, the SEC, and the BDC community.    I am hopeful that we all can get to a ``yes'' on this bill, which would increase the availability of capital for small businesses. It is an important bill for our economy.    We will also consider a bill by Mr. Schweikert to revise the definition of an accredited investor. How to draw the line between someone who is an accredited investor and someone who is not is one of the most difficult questions in all of securities law.    An accredited investor is someone who, in the words of the Supreme Court, can ``fend for themselves and does not need the protections of the securities law.'' These sophisticated investors are allowed to buy unregistered securities, which are often more complex and riskier than public securities.    Unregistered securities are also less liquid than public securities, which makes these investments in unregistered securities harder to exit or sell. As a result, these investments are supposed to be limited to investors who can legitimately bear the economic risk involved in buying them. These investors are referred to as accredited investors.    Current law defines an accredited investor primarily by reference to a person's income or overall net worth. Someone whose annual income is greater than $200,000 is an accredited investor. Or if someone's net worth, excluding the value of his house, is greater than $1 million.    So the question really is, does this strike the right balance? Is everyone who meets these tests truly able to fend for themselves?    The SEC's Investor Advisory Committee recommended a new definition of an accredited investor last year that seeks to more accurately identify investors with enough financial sophistication to fend for themselves. And I think this proposal is a very good starting point for this discussion.    I look forward to hearing a discussion of the benefits and drawbacks of the Investor Advisory Committee's proposal versus Mr. Schweikert's proposal. This is an important debate to have.    So I thank Mr. Schweikert for putting it forward. And I would also like to thank Chairman Garrett for holding this hearing, and to thank all of our panelists.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling the hearing. And I thank all the panelists.    I would like to ask Mr. Arougheti about the additional leverage that the BDC bill would allow. Of course, we are still talking about very low levels of leverage.    The bill would only increase the maximum leverage ratio from 1-to-1 to 2-to-1. But it is still a higher leverage. What would your company do with the higher leverage that this bill would permit?    Mrs. Maloney. So how much of the additional money would go to increase investments in the so-called 70 percent bucket for small businesses? It would give you more money to--more liquidity to put out to these smaller businesses.    Mrs. Maloney. I would like to ask you and also Mr. Foster about the discussion draft of the BDC bill, which would allow BDCs to invest more of their assets in finance companies. And as Mr. Foster testified, the intent of the first BDC bills was to direct these monies towards goods and services that are really underfinanced and need this help.    Are you concerned that this change could change how BDCs are viewed by investors and analysts? And what is your feeling about being able to invest more in finance companies as opposed to goods and services?    And I would like first to hear from Mr. Foster and Mr. Arougheti. But also any comments from anybody else on the panel on this question of allowing the finance companies.    Mrs. Maloney. Mr. Arougheti, do you--    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. My time has almost expired and I would like to hear Mr. Foster's reaction to it, too. I only have 7 minutes left. Excuse me--Mr. Brown's--    Mrs. Maloney. A vote has been called. But very briefly, thank you to all of the panelists. And I ask unanimous consent to place two letters into the record: one from the North American Securities Administrators Association; and one from the Consumer Federation of America and Americans for Financial Reform.    And I look forward to continuing to work with you, Mr. Mulvaney, to see if we can get a product that has unanimous bipartisan support. Getting capital out is important. Thank you.