    Mrs. Roby. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Administrator Bolden, for being here. Thanks for being in front of our committee and all you do to advance our nation's future in space.    I am also glad that you and NASA officials, earlier this year, announced Todd May the official director of Marshall Space Flight Center in Alabama. Marshall plays a major role in NASA, as you know, and has a great impact on my home state. It employees almost 6,000 civil service and contractor employees with an estimated $3.8 billion in economic output and $96 million in state and local tax revenues.    Just last week, NASA Day was held in my hometown of Montgomery where Todd May and his team from Marshall spread the word about the importance of Alabama's role in NASA--with NASA.    NASA's Journey to Mars runs through Alabama, are the words that Director May--and I could not agree more--those are the words that he used, and so with that, I want to touch on Space Launch System and the Orion spacecraft. I know you talked to Mr. Jolly a little bit about this; there are suppliers in all 50 states that contribute to SLS and that shows a national effort to deep-space exploration.    And in the fiscal year 2016, NASA asked for $1.3 billion for SLS, and Congress, led by this subcommittee, made it to $2 billion, which was enacted into law. And this year, the president's request calls for $1.31 billion, and so, wouldn't you guess that Congress, again led by our fearless chairman here, this subcommittee would get funding upwards of $2.8 billion for this fiscal year. That is what we need, and I want to ask you to contribute to the conversation that your agency does project when we will reach EM-1 in 2018.    But the question is, do you actually think that we can meet this launch date with the funding request of the President, rather than what we hope to achieve here on this subcommittee?    General Bolden. Yes, ma'am. There is no doubt in my mind that we will fly EM-1 in 2018; that is what the President's budget supported and that is how we picked it.    And, in fact, going back to something that Mr. Jolly said, and I should correct one thing, 2023 is the Agency's commitment date to EM-2, and that is based on the President's budget run out. That is not based on appropriations. So, 2021 is a date that we said, you know, we would hope to launch, if instead of the run out that comes from the President's budget, we got----    Mrs. Roby. Well, do you think that is likely to occur at the trajectory of the President's budget request?    General Bolden. The President's budget, we will launch in 2023 and that is----    Mrs. Roby. Oh, I was asking about 2021. If Congress were to increase the funding to the levels that----    General Bolden. I don't, you know, I try not to get into conjecture. If Congress increases the budget, we will use it to buy down risks. We will go out and procure advanced parts that we will need for later on in the program.    The discussion we had a little bit earlier was that we are actually looking at supporting a program and not just the first two flights. So, if we got more money, we may actually go out and get long lead items that would have no effect whatsoever on EM-1 or EM-2.    What I cannot do is bring EM-2 forward, put all the money into that, have no long lead items and have no program. So, it is--I trust my--people like Todd May and his team to tell me what they need and when they need it.    What would really help is even appropriations, not--it is important to have magnitude, but it is also--it is invaluable, for those of you who have been in business, to be able to follow a funding curve that lets you have a development program. We have never done that. NASA's funding curve has always been a flat line; that is not a development program. And we have people like Todd and his team that take a flat, non-development program curve and make it work.    So, I am saying a lot to say that 2023 is the date to which we committed and we will make that date on the President's submission for 2017. If we get more money, we will buy down risks. We will do long lead items, and we believe that would enable us to launch sometime earlier, but I don't--you know, I will let Bill Gerstenmaier and his team come back and talk about what those specific dates are.    Mrs. Roby. OK. Thank you.    I yield back.    Ms. Roby. Thank you. Thank you, Dr. Cordova, for being here today. My home state of Alabama, in the district that I represent in particular, agriculture is the number one industry. And so there is a pressing need to understand the connectedness of food, and energy, and water, and of particular interest is the production, resilience, safety and security of food, energy, and water resources. And so I continue to make the point that agriculture is a major part of our national security.    Farmers, and those in the agriculture industry, must provide not only the food for the nation, but the entire world. And from the recent droughts and heavy rains throughout the U.S. to global market fluctuations and the corresponding impacts on water, our food production and the energy sector is an example of these challenges.    And so in your budget request, you outline $62.18 million for the innovations at the nexus of food, energy, and water systems. And so I would love for you to explain to me how this program, the first of its kind, will study the interconnectedness of food, energy, and water, and how do you plan to help educate and disseminate the results of your work?    Ms. Roby. Sure. And then the second part of the question is, how do you disseminate this information once you begin to see the fruits of the research, and educate the very people that you just alluded to?    Ms. Roby. Absolutely. And, Mr. Chairman, that is certainly our responsibility to continue to follow up with you as you do reach some conclusions, and ensure that Alabama's farmers, and those that utilize these resources, have the ability to benefit from the research that you have done. So----    Ms. Roby. Thank you. I yield back.