    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the chairman and the ranking member. I also thank Mr. Scott for his input on H.R. 2287, which I want to review very briefly. I wish Mr. Hinojosa was still here. He had asked a question earlier about the NCUA budget from 2001 through 2009, and I think he implied in his question that the budget had gone down to the point where the NCUA was not able to deal with the financial crisis.    I am looking at the numbers from 2002 through 2009, and they didn't go down, and I haven't heard anybody here claim that they were unable to deal with the financial crisis. In fact, everything I have heard about the credit unions is they weren't really part of the financial crisis to begin with, that they may have faced some challenges that came with the larger overall declining economy, but certainly they were not at the epicenter of the difficulties.    I wish that he was here to hear that because I think that concern--and the reason he raised it, by the way, for those of you who follow H.R. 2287, is that the NCUA is now claiming that if we have to go back to the system we had between 2001 and 2009, they won't have enough money, that additional insight and oversight by the folks who pay the bills will effectively drive the regulator out of business.    That is simply not the case with the historical numbers from the period of time when they used to do that. They used to have that type of oversight, from 2001 to 2009, and when Chair Matz came in, she stopped that process. So just to set the record straight, we don't have a problem historically. There is no correlation between oversight and participation and the NCUA not being able to do its job.    Now with that, there is another complaint, Mr. Ireland, that Chair Matz is making now, which is that if you go back to the old system it will cause the agency to--will jeopardize the agency's policy independence. How would you respond to that, sir?    Mr. Mulvaney. And again for people who are not familiar with the issue, the money to run the NCUA right now comes from the credit unions. Since credit unions are owned by their members, it is actually the members' money that is going to fund the oversight. And without the participation of the credit unions, there is actually nobody there watching after the members' money. Not us and not them. It is sort of the reason we have introduced H.R. 2287.    I do want to point out for the record that Chair Matz has offered to have a public hearing. She just announced it this past Friday. But I understand she will not be publishing the budget before that hearing. Even though she said she would welcome questions about the budget, she is not going to publish it.    By the way, when she was here last time, she promised us that would be on the website, and I don't know how you reconcile those two things. If it is not available before the meeting, I am not sure what the meeting is. I also understand that at least one board member was not made aware of that meeting. And that is the type of atmosphere that I think is unhealthy when we have Federal regulation.    Mr. Stanley, I will press you on one issue, because you have checked in on the other side of this issue, which is you think the NCUA should be outside of what you call--should be free from politics, I think were your words. If I am misstating that, please let me know, but that is what I have in your testimony, that it should be free from politics.    Let me ask you a question. Let's put FSOC and NCUA aside. What other Federal agencies would you like to see free from politics?    Mr. Mulvaney. I am not disagreeing with you, but how would more transparency and participation in the budget process put that in jeopardy?    Mr. Mulvaney. It is not available to the folks before this meeting next week. How can you say that?    Mr. Mulvaney. Fair enough. We are a regulated entity. We represent the taxpayers, and we bring the taxpayers into the process of looking at their regulators' budgets every single day. It seems to have worked for the last 240 years. Not well all the time, but it does seem to work.    With that, I will yield back the balance of my time. Thank you.