    Ms. Alonzo. Good morning, Mr. Congressman. Yes, in June, the U.S. Supreme Court decided against USDA in the Horne case, regarding personal property, taking without just compensation. But we believe that the Supreme Court's decision in Horne addresses a very narrow situation where under the Raisin Marketing Order, the government, through an administrative committee, takes title to a crop held in reserve and may physically appropriate that crop. The decision, we believe, does not address other types of volume controls or reserve programs. There is no other administrative committee currently, physically appropriating or taking title to the agricultural product, so we believe that this is a very narrow reading, and it is applicable to this case and not to other marketing orders.    Ms. Alonzo. Yes. California--in fact, next week, well, the 2014 Farm Bill allowed California producers to request a Federal Milk Marketing Order. And next week, September 22, there is going to be a hearing in Clovis, California to consider the establishment of a California Federal Milk Marketing Order. The hearing is going to take a few weeks. We have received proposals, and we have economic analyses from some of those proposals; but the hearing that is expected to take several weeks is going to be very important and pertinent to our ability to go forward. And so we don't have a concrete analysis, but based upon----    Ms. Alonzo. Can we get back to you on that because I don't quite think----    Ms. Alonzo. We haven't completed the California. We are just going to a hearing.    Ms. Alonzo. Can we respond to you on the record later on about that?    Ms. Alonzo. Sure. And congratulations to you, Congressman Ashford, for your leadership in putting together that conference, which was probably the first of its kind. Many of our agencies at USDA participated, NRCS, the FSA, RD, and AMS; and so we thought it was so well attended and so well done and really underscoring just how important this sector is and how it is growing. According to industry estimates in 2014, local food sales topped $11.7 billion. People, as you know, and this was discussed during the conference, want to know where their food is coming from. They want to know their farmers. They want to keep money in their local communities. They want to create jobs and access to healthy foods, and in the case of Omaha, how do you bridge the rural and urban communities?    And at the Department, and as we mentioned at the conference that day, Secretary Vilsack from the Department is very aware of this interest and its growing dynamic. We identified this area as one of the four pillars of the work that we are doing to revitalize the rural economy. You mentioned the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, and that is the coordinating tool that we use at the Department by which we all work at.    And in the past 6 years, in fact, under this initiative, we have invested more than $800 million in more than 29,100 local businesses in the last 6 years as mentioned. I think where we are going is that we are trying to be even more responsive to the needs of the marketplace. We recently had the Farmers' Market Week, and throughout the nation, many states were celebrating Farmers' Market Week. We have about 8,500 farmers' markets now in the U.S., and it continues to grow. There is also other business models that are opening up, community-supported agriculture, food hubs, and so we are going to continue within our auspices to support this. My agency is part of the Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food group, and what we do is primarily in the area of technical assistance. Last year, we fielded something like 2,000 calls and requests for help. We also, via the farm bill, were supported with many grants, several grants, one of them called the Farmers' Market and Local Food Promotion Program, of which I know many of Members here, their constituents have taken advantage of.    Also the specialty crop block grants also focusing a lot on local and regional foods, and these are block grants to the states that the State Departments of Agriculture work with. We just announced this week, or last week, a multi-state project across states, $3 million; and these are competitive grants, the State Departments of Agriculture to work on a lot of these issues in terms of local.    We are also doing all that we can to put resources together. A lot of folks don't know where to go for their farmers' market or their food hubs, so we have direct----    Ms. Alonzo. I get very passionate.    Ms. Alonzo. Thank you, Under Secretary. Yes, a proposal was submitted on behalf of the pecan industry by the American Pecan Board, and so as mentioned, we had three hearings this summer; and the next steps, that based on the hearing record, and the briefs that we have received, we are going to move forward in the formal rulemaking process, which includes a recommended decision, a public comment period, a Secretary's decision, a grower referendum, and a handler sign-up. And so those are the next steps in the process for the Pecan Marketing Order.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you for that. I know one other thing that would very much help that industry is if we were able to get the trade barriers with India removed. Certainly a tremendous market there, and anything that the people in your agency can do to help in removing those trade barriers, I would certainly appreciate.    With that, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back the remaining 35 seconds.    The Chairman The gentleman yields back. Mr. Crawford, 4 minutes.