    Mr. Stoll. Good morning, Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler, and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to testify today on patent litigation before the International Trade Commission. It is an honor to be here today to discuss this very important topic. My name is Tom Stoll, and for the last several years I have been advising clients and employers, including the ABA's Intellectual Property Law section, the Boeing Company, the USPTO, and the White House on issues relating to IP litigation and IP-related legislation, including proposed changes to the laws to limit litigation abuse in district courts and the ITC.    My advice is informed by more than 20 years of IP litigation experience with law firms, the USPTO's solicitor's Oofice, as a law clerk and staff attorney with the Federal circuit, all in cases filed in district courts, the ITC, the Federal circuit, and the U.S. Supreme Court. I would like to emphasize that I am testifying on my own behalf today and not on behalf of my current client, the ABA.    While ITC filings by patent owners certainly spiked in 2011, over the last few years the ITC has made great strides in reducing the risk that ITC proceedings can be misused. The ITC's own statistics show that the number of investigations instituted has dropped to historically consistent numbers, and that the number of filings by non-practicing entities is lower than it was before the jump in overall filings.    To the extent the ITC had a patent troll problem, it appears the Commission has addressed it. U.S. patent laws are extremely beneficial to society, by providing the incentive for inventors and companies to invest in the development of groundbreaking new technologies, knowing their investment can be protected, often enabling startups and other small companies to secure the funding they need to grow.    The ITC is charged with preventing unfair trade practices, including the theft or unauthorized use of intellectual property. It has the extraordinary authority to issue general exclusion orders barring all imports that infringe a patent.    In the U.S. Supreme Court's 2006 decision in eBay vs. MercExchange, the court held that a district court cannot automatically issue an injunction in a patent case. Patent owners, including non-practicing entities, began asserting their patents in the ITC with much greater frequency. The ITC had become a more attractive venue for those seeking the threat of an injunction, and many argued, was being used to extract unjust settlements.    Two recent developments, however, have significantly reduced the risk that an ITC proceeding based on frivolous claims could be used to unjustly extract a settlement. First, the Commission has applied the domestic industry requirement much more rigorously. Second, the ITC has instituted a 100-day program to quickly dispense with cases that lack merit, and thereby preventing abuse.    Additionally, recent U.S. Supreme Court decisions significantly limiting the scope of patent-eligible subject matter and requiring greater clarity and patent claiming may also deter some patent owners from filing claims of infringement in the ITC. As a result, the number of cases instituted by the ITC has dropped in recent years from 69 in 2011 to 36 in 2015. Non-practicing entities were the complainants in only two of the 36 investigations instituted last year.    Let me explain how the ITC has changed its application of the domestic industry requirement. Under that requirement, a party much show that there is a significant or substantial investment in a U.S. industry that requires protection. Until very recently, a patent owner could satisfy the requirement simply by establishing the substantiality of its economic investment and licensing activities.    In the last few years, however, the Commission began to require more, and the Federal circuit now seems to agree. In Motiva, for example, the Federal circuit affirmed the Commission's finding of no domestic industry, stressing that the complainant must show that the licensing program was being used to encourage adoption and development of articles that incorporated the patented technology.    In LSI, the Federal circuit again affirmed a Commission determination that a domestic industry did not exist because the complainant's licensing activities did not relate specifically to articles protected by the asserted patent.    The ITC's new 100-day program is designed to help companies avoid the significant expense associated with litigating a full-blown proceeding where the claim is baseless, and to deter those seeking to leverage that expense to extract an unjust settlement. It enables the Commission to quickly resolve an investigation by requiring that the ALJ rule on a dispositive issue, such as lack of domestic industry, within 100 days of institution of the investigation.    These efforts and the resulting reduction, in the number of cases that have been instituted in the last few years, appear to have gone far to address concerns that the ITC has become an attractive forum for patent owners whose cases lack merit, and who seek to leverage this proceeding to extract an unjust settlement. I am grateful to the Subcommittee for taking the time to conduct this hearing and for taking a close look at this important issue. I am honored to have been invited to speak with you today, and look forward to answering your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Stoll. Yes, I can. I think the ITC has done a better job of requiring the evidence linking the licensing effort to the particular--the patent involved to the particular product that the license relates to so that, you know, we are not comparing apples to oranges. So the products that are subject to the license should be pretty closely related to the product that this patent owner is seeking to have excluded.    So it is the relationship there that they have tightened up the standard--the burden of proof has gone up. I think what is going on here is although there was only one case subject to the pilot program and there was another case before that, but what is going on is practitioners are getting together with their clients and discussing, given this higher burden of proof, should we even try to file in the ITC or not? And I do believe that even the pilot program, as well as the Federal circuit cases that are supporting the Commission's efforts to tighten up the standard, have discouraged people from bringing, you know, at least frivolous claims to the ITC, which I think is the goal here.    Mr. Stoll. Well, I think it is clear to everyone that whatever problem there was in 2011, 2012, when the number of filings reached their peak, when the number of NPE--if we--you know, using the U.S.--using the ITC's term NPE--the number of those filings have both gone down significantly. And I think it warrants a further look but maybe not legislative action at this point. At least, you know, let us sit back and let us monitor and let us see, you know, if this is going to be a long-term fix or not.    The ITC has clearly proven capable of addressing these issues through the domestic industry requirement, through the pilot program, and I think what we are seeing as a result of that is that people are not bringing frivolous claims. And I really think when we talk about abuse of the patent system, we are talking about people bringing frivolous claims, not legitimate claims.    Mr. Stoll. I want to make one other point, you know, with this patent hold-up if I could. You know, the ITC has an EPROMs analysis, so that if a patented invention is just a tiny component of a larger product, it is one of the many factors that they will consider in determining, you know, which articles will be excluded.    So in that case, the case involved chips, but when the ITC took a look at it they saw, you know, not only chips but circuit boards in automobiles. And they said, ``Well, we will exclude chips, we will exclude, you know, some of these computers, but we are not going to go so far as to allow this to extend to automobiles.'' And I think that is a reasonable application of their authority.