    Dr. Siemion. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Searches for Extraterrestrial Intelligence, SETI experiments, seek to determine the distribution of advanced life in the universe through detecting the presence of technology, usually by searching for electromagnetic radiation from communication technology, but also by searching for evidence of large-scale energy usage or interstellar propulsion. Technology is thus used as a proxy for intelligence. If an advanced technology exists, so, too, does the advanced life that created it.    We know of no way to directly detect intelligent life, but if other intelligent life exists and possesses a technological capability similar to our own, we could detect their technology using the techniques of modern astronomy. Large radio telescopes such as the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia and the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico are superb facilities for a wide range of astronomy, including pulsar studies that test Einstein's theory of general relativity, mapping the gas in nearby galaxies, and probing the earliest epochs of the universe. In addition, these facilities are among the world's best in searching for the faint whispers of distant technologies.    A variety of radio study experiments are underway at both the Green Bank Telescope and the Arecibo Observatory, including some that allow us to observe in parallel with other astronomers without interfering with their work, a technique we call ``piggyback observing.'' Several other U.S. and international radio telescopes are also currently being used for radio study, including the private Allen Telescope Array in northern California, the Low-Frequency Array in Europe, and the Murchison Widefield Array in Australia.    Many radio study searches are taking advantage of the wealth of new information on our galaxy's exoplanet population now being revealed by missions such as NASA's Kepler spacecraft.    In a very exciting new project, a group based at the University of California San Diego are using the Lick Observatory near San Jose to conduct a search for pulsed lasers in the near-infrared, wavelengths just a hair longer than optical light but much better at penetrating the dusty space between the stars.    These SETI experiments are funded by a combination of government and private sources, including notable contributions from the John Templeton Foundation. Ensuring that facilities like the Green Bank Telescope, Arecibo, and the Lick and Keck Observatories continue to exist as world-class astronomical facilities is critical to their continued use in SETI experiments.    One of the most exciting prospects for SETI in the next decade is the Breakthrough Listen initiative, a $100 million, ten-year effort funded by the Breakthrough Prize Foundation that will conduct the most sensitive, comprehensive, and intensive search for advanced intelligent life on other worlds ever performed.    I have an animation I would like to show you illustrating some components of Breakthrough Listen.    Here, we see the Milky Way Galaxy, a galaxy that we now know hosts tens of billions of planets in the habitable zone of their star, planets that might have liquid water on their surface. If intelligent life arose on some of these planets and developed radio technology, the emissions from their technology would proceed at the speed of light out into the Milky Way. But for how long? Life may arise, it may develop intelligence, and finally, a communicative technology. But that final stage may only last for a few thousand years. But the evidence of their technology, the bubble of their electromagnetic radiation, will continue to propagate throughout the galaxy and could eventually be detectable at the Earth.    With Breakthrough Listen, we will conduct deep observations for these types of emissions from 1 million of the nearest stars to the Earth that will be at least 10 times more sensitive than ever performed. These observations will cover at least five times more of the radio spectrum than any previous experiment. We will conduct these observations using the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia, as well as the Parkes Radio Telescope in Australia.    It is undoubtable that the next decade will be an incredibly exciting time for astrobiology. Data provided by missions like the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite and the James Webb Space Telescope virtually guarantee dramatic new insight into exoplanet science, including identifying and characterizing some of the nearest exoplanets to the Earth. At the same time, we will continue to learn more about the development of life on Earth and the potential for life elsewhere in our own solar system. If history is any guide, these discoveries will only heighten our imagination about the possibilities for advanced life elsewhere in the universe.    Thank you.    Dr. Siemion. Yeah, I think you're absolutely right that historically SETI has concentrated on the radio portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.    Dr. Siemion. But as we've developed technology on Earth that allows us to communicate at optical wavelengths, we've----    Dr. Siemion. --moved some of our efforts in SETI to those wavelengths as well. The truth is is that we don't know what part of the electromagnetic spectrum we might eventually receive, some signal or some evidence of a technological civilization elsewhere. So it behooves us to search as much of that spectrum as we can, and that's why we focus on both the radio and the optical.    Dr. Siemion. I think the only thing that I have to add to what my other panel members have said is is that the search for life I think has a particularly compelling aspect to it for young people, and I think to the extent that that can be highlighted and taken advantage of to encourage more young people to enter careers into space and science and technology is wonderful.    Ms. Johnson of Texas. Thank you very much. My time is expired.    Dr. Siemion. I think in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence, the low-hanging fruit is very much digital signal processing technology, so improving our ability to process the very, very high data rate streams that are produced by radio telescopes and some optical telescopes, and also developing receiver technology for radio telescopes that allow us to use old facilities in new ways.    Dr. Siemion. Well, I'll just mention that--so SETI at home, the program on PCs, is still around and you're all welcome to download it. It runs on cellular telephones now, as well as home PCs.    I think a lot of people have put a lot of thought into what to do when we potentially eventually discover intelligent life or any kind of life beyond the Earth. I think there will be a range of reactions. I think for my part my personal opinion is that probably the most common reaction will sort of be I sort of--I told you so. I think many people probably believe that life is out there and maybe even intelligent life, and certainly the more we learn about the exoplanet population and water on Mars and these kinds of things I think reinforced with people the possibility. But the truth is is that we really don't know for now, and I think to see what the reaction will actually be we'll probably have to wait and see.    Dr. Siemion. I guess there's some advantage to going last on a question like that. I don't know that I have a lot to add to what Dr. Stofan, Lunine, and Bean said. I certainly appreciate the thermodynamic definition of life that Dr. Lunine articulated. I guess maybe the only thing that I would add to that is that I think many of us in the astrobiology community assume that life is something that we'll know when we see it, and hopefully that's true, but we're not sure. And it's quite possible that the first life that we encounter beyond the Earth will be very different than any kind of life that we have on Earth.    Dr. Siemion. I'm not sure what list I'm choosing from here, but as a radio astronomer and someone interested in SETI, I think it would--I'd be remiss to not suggest that it would be wonderful to put a radio telescope on the far side of the Moon. That region of the Moon is protected from radio frequency interference from the Earth, something that confuses us in SETI experiments and allows us to observe at very, very low frequencies very effectively.    Dr. Siemion. I think I would agree with Dr. Bean. I think a manned mission to the Moon would be a wonderful steppingstone to future missions to perhaps Mars.    Dr. Siemion. So I may be a bit biased but I think that life is the most interesting property of the universe, the idea that somehow in this largely mechanical universe that we live in, that we understand to great detail, some sort of an organism came to be that could question its own existence, that could wonder about the universe itself and where it came from. You know, if we don't understand that, then I think we don't understand perhaps one of the most fundamental properties of the universe that we live in, and so we must answer that question.    Dr. Siemion. I also don't know but I think it would be incredibly strange if we were the only example of intelligent life in the universe. And----    Dr. Siemion. --I'll quote Stephen Hawking just very, very briefly, someone much smarter than I am. A universe in which intelligent life only exists in one place and a universe in which intelligent life potentially exists in many, many places are very, very different places.