    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chairman. On the horse issue, I have one constituent that this is a big deal with her and she will be delighted that I asked about this. But does the Bureau of Land Management engage in the sale of wild horses, for instance, to Asian markets?    Mr. Palmer. Is there a sale for meat products, dog food, things like that?    Mr. Palmer. So there's no sale conducted by the Bureau of Land Management, just a management of the herd issue?    Mr. Palmer. Okay, thank you. I want to get to some of the other questions here. The Bureau of Land Management is considering implementing a rule an methane emissions. The EPA is already doing this. Seems to me that this is an unnecessary overlap and I bring this up because prior to 2008, and I've raised this point in hearing after hearing, there were 100,000 new businesses started up each year, more than businesses that closed; 100,000 more businesses open than closed. Since 2008, it is now 70,000 more businesses closing than opening up. We now rank 12th in the world among the industrialized nations in entrepreneurism. And one of the things that we consistently hear about, particularly the small business, is being overregulated and the complexity of the regulations and the uncertainty that it creates in trying to make a decision whether to open a business, expand a business, invest capital.    It just seems to me that if the EPA is already regulating methane emissions at the wellhead, natural gas wells, it seems to be just adding to the regulatory burden. Can you respond to that?    Mr. Palmer. Are you applying this just on Federal lands or is this across the board?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. Well, the interesting thing is, there's a University of Texas study that they did in collaboration with the Environmental Defense Fund that shows that the majority of the hydraulically fractured well completions which were were sampled during the study had equipment in place that reduced methane emissions by 99 percent. So I just, it appears that the technology is ahead of the curve, so to speak, and I do agree with you, one of my concerns was--about the flaring is that we are basically burning resources.    I wanted to ask you also about this 20-year moratorium on coal leases that Secretary Jewell announced. Will that--do you know or have any idea if there is an intention to apply that to oil and natural gas leases as well?    Mr. Palmer. How about timber?    Mr. Palmer. All right. One of the things that I have pointed out is that the United States is literally an energy super power.    Mr. Palmer. I mean, I think we have only explored 15 percent of our offshore resources. We've got--and from what I have gotten from the Bureau of Land Management in my own research, enormous reserves of oil and natural gas. Just stunning amounts. What I would like, if you don't mind and my time is--has run out here, you could respond in writing to this. I would like for, if you could, to send to my office your estimated reserves on Federal lands for oil, natural gas, coal and timber, you know, your latest estimates on Federal lands.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Palmer. No, I think I am fine.