    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for holding this, it's kind of a meat-and-potato hearing. It is not flashy like some we do.    I had the privilege to serve with a very capable ranking member, Mr. Connolly, with Government Operations. He is very knowledgeable, in fact, more knowledgeable than I was when I assumed that position and learned a lot from him.    Our objective was to look at the total amount of money we were spending at the time, which at that time was $80 billion. Now I see with your report that was released today, they are spending $89 billion.    The estimate when Mr. Connolly and I were doing our review was that about 50 percent of this money is wasted either on outdated technology, on duplicate data centers.    Would GAO or OMB, would you say that about 50 percent is not properly spent, is wasted? Is that still about where we are?    Mr. Mica. What do you think, GAO?    Mr. Mica. Your report says Federal legacy IT investments are becoming increasingly obsolete. Many use outdated software languages and hardware parts that are unsupported. Agencies reported using systems that have components that are in some cases at least 50 years old.    This is your finding.    Mr. Mica. Well, we won't even go half, if we just go $40 billion in waste.    When Mr. Connolly and I started this exercise, we asked you all how many data centers there were. I think, first, we got 800 or something. Then we got 1,200. Then we got, oh my God, we were in the thousands.    I was interested to see in your report here how many thousand data centers we have.    What is that current number?    Mr. Mica. Ten thousand five hundred. What would you guesstimate we could reduce that to?    Mr. Mica. So we can actually spend less and get better technology, better results, and improved systems. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. So the opening salvo from the other side was that Republicans are slashing the money. But actually, we have actually saved money by going to the cloud. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Mica. And there are certain concerns about security. We do have the cyberthreat.    A great deal of the data in the Federal Government is not classified or necessarily high-security risk, is it, Mr. Powner?    Mr. Mica. But again, your report points out there can be very substantial savings consolidating these data centers, 10,000--we have done some--and then moving to the cloud and other--now the question came from Mr. Hurd a little bit about buy or build, and the answer was build. What about buy or lease? Can somebody say we should be leasing?    The problem is that the Federal Government buys equipment, and the equipment, I will take you back here, we have it even in our offices, is outdated. Maybe Mr. Davis bought some of it, but now Mr. Chaffetz has inherited it. That is the way agencies work, the same way.    So buy or lease, anyone want to respond? Mr. Scott? Mr. Powner?    Mr. Mica. But where are you going to get equipment in an office, buy or lease?    Mr. Mica. Thank you. I yield back.