    Secretary McCord. Congressman, both dollars are useful to us if they are provided for the purposes for which, you know, they are intended and needed. We don't need $36 billion or $38 billion extra OCO. We need that money in the base budget, but they are both useful to use and both have restrictions in law and in regulation.    Secretary McCord. Yes. If this is done without an appropriation that is in line with it, you are right. We would have that problem. And I think your earlier point, too, the question about whether this approach being proposed by the House committee would be acceptable to the Senate, to the President; the uncertainty about whether this would even work for this year, is another one of the problems with that approach.    Secretary McCord. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes. I think we have a lot of hard work to do on audit, and we are making good progress. I think you probably heard both of those thoughts, both those sides yesterday.    The issue that came out--audit is very much a team sport in two ways. It requires the military departments who were here yesterday to work with service providers, which DFAS is probably the most important one in the Department in that respect.    The second way, though, it also requires the collaboration of people throughout the Department, people who do audit as a primary function, like our DFAS folks, it is a primary responsibility of theirs, but it also requires the logisticians and the personnel community, people who don't normally think, ``Audit is my primary job,'' to work, or we can't make it work because it requires information from all those systems.    So in that respect, it is very much like if the Secretary were to turn to General Dempsey, to his right, and ask him to accomplish a task, and set up a task force, it would require the people at the tip of the spear, but it also requires the logisticians to airlift all the things that support.    Very much the same with our audit task. It requires financial managers that I am in charge of, but also, again, the logisticians and the personnel community, the people that own information across the Department.    So with respect to the DFAS issue that was raised yesterday, as I understand it, DFAS is an entity of itself. As an entity--reporting entity, it has passed a clean audit 15 times in a row. So they are not an incapable organization in any way. They are also doing the contracting for audit for all the military departments to get people on contract to do the independent auditing.    In a role as a service provider, they have had four areas where they have a clean audit, and have had a clean audit, which is their bread-and-butter areas of paying military, paying civilians, paying contractors, and disbursing.    The issue that came up where they did not pass was called ``financial reporting,'' which is the most involved, complex, spreads across the whole Department issue, and that is where the challenge lies. So they were given 10 areas, 10 areas where they didn't--where they were examined, and there were 9 that didn't pass.    They were given 12 items to work on by the auditors. Ten of those will be done by the end of this year. But the other two will require a little more time. So I would say that this is why you do audits and exams the same way, again, just to make a military analogy, why you have an operational readiness inspection of a unit, to find out where you are good and where you are not.    But I just wanted to say that the DFAS is a capable partner. They do have a problem here. But financial reporting is not strictly a DFAS issue only, because it is interaction of information across the Department, which is one of the real hard parts of audit for us.    The Chairman. Mr. Secretary, all this talk about budget up here, and this makes a big difference. And those of us who believe we need to spend more on defense, if we can't improve the accountability for how we spend that money, it makes our job much, much more difficult.    And I appreciate how many--how complex this is, but I am just--as an editorial comment, it makes a big difference in getting budget support up here if we can meet those deadlines for an audit. And if we can't, it undermines that effort. I know you know that, but it--particularly in the middle of these budget discussions, it is very much on my mind.    Mr. McCord, let me ask you one other thing. You have heard some of the discussion about what we can use OCO for, what we can't. My understanding is there is OMB guidance, and perhaps some Department guidance, that helps direct the uses for OCO funds versus base funds.    My understanding, and my memory is that Congress can also designate OCO funds for procurement. And we bought F-35s in the past with OCO funds. Am I on the right track here?    Secretary McCord. Yes, Mr. Chairman. There is an agreement between the Office of Management and Budget and the Department of Defense. I was involved in negotiating that early on in this administration. We felt that it needed to be a little tighter than it had been when we got here.    That agreement dates to 2010, and it has got geographic aspects to it. Things that happened in this country, that country, the other country, are okay. Things that happened in countries not in the agreement may not be. And we have had some modifications to that.    You are also correct in that Congress plays a role. In general, OCO funding has to be designated by both the Congress and the President, as OCO spending, as emergency spending. That is the procedure that was followed both by this administration, and under the previous administration as well. So both parties have a voice.    And you mentioned F-35s have been an issue of contention in the past. In fact, just a few months ago, we requested to buy some F-35s to replace aircraft that were destroyed at Kandahar, as well as some training losses, and several of the committees, including this one, approved, but one did not. So there was division, remains division on these questions, sometimes of what was appropriate use of OCO.    The Chairman. Okay. Would you do me a favor, and would you or your folks submit to us in writing an overview of how OCO works now? As y'all said, this is not the best way to run a railroad. And I hope that we can have a different method of funding the Department as we move down the many steps ahead in the budget process.    If, however, we end up with a substantial amount of OCO to make up for gaps in the base, then I want to understand what all of those restrictions, administrative or legislative, may be, because those are things that we can obviously address in the authorization bill.    I don't know how this is going to go. I just want to be ready, and you can help us in understanding that. I would appreciate it.    Secretary McCord. Certainly will provide that information for the record.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Secretary, last question I have got is about Ukraine. Mr. Smith has introduced legislation along with me that would require lethal assistance be provided to the Ukrainians so they can defend themselves, so they can do something about these tanks and armored personnel carriers that are pouring in from Russia.    What we have been told in all our previous hearings from the administration witnesses is, ``Well, we are studying it.''    Well, every day that the White House dithers about this, more equipment is pouring in for what I presume is going to be a renewed offensive at some point. So can you help me understand what the timeline is for a decision on--from the administration on providing lethal assistance to the Ukrainians?