    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director, welcome. I have a couple of questions. I heard in your opening testimony I know you say that you administer 500 laws and maybe as many as 3,000----    Mr. Mica. So a lot of laws that you are responsible for enforcing. You have also had a couple of actions by the President, one for Deferred Action of Parents of Americans, or legal permanent residents, DAPA and DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals that the President has ordered as actions. It has created a certain amount of confusion, too, I think, with some of the line officers, as to what they are supposed to enforce, whether the law or these actions.    What are they supposed to enforce?    Mr. Mica. The laws would take precedent over the President's action requests?    Mr. Mica. But there is confusion. In fact, I got a release from the National Border Patrol Council, and they were concerned about the President's threats for consequences for Border Patrol agents. That is what this says. When the President was in my State, ok Miami, recently, he said there would be consequences. So some of it Border Patrol, again, are concerned about what those consequences would be.    What are the consequences for noncompliance that they face?    Mr. Mica. Right.    Mr. Mica. Well, the President said, I have his quote, ``if somebody is working for ICE and there is a policy and they don't follow the policies, there is going to be consequences to it.'' So he referred specifically to those you have control over.    My point is there is confusion about enforcement. There is confusion about what takes precedent. The other thing, too, is you testified about the number of deportations, domestic deportations. You said 2,000--I am sorry, how many domestic deportations in 2014?    Mr. Mica. Well, while you look for that, the Administration and the President has said that we have had more deportations in the past 6 years of criminals; they are up 60 percent. We have conflicting information.    Put up this chart that shows--I updated the chart that shows deportations, interior deportations, domestic. This isn't quite to the end, so it was 102,000, to be fair. That actually shows a decline, is that correct?    Mr. Mica. That is until last year.    Mr. Mica. So it is actually declined. You are not saying this information is wrong.    Mr. Mica. OK. The other thing, too, is we were recently told from one of the ICE officers that his office used to process as many as 100 aliens a day, but since the President's executive orders went into effect, they are now processing 5 to 10 aliens a day. That means that they are spending 20 times as much in resources, because you have similar resources, to deport each alien. Is that the case?    Mr. Mica. Well, again, we are also deporting fewer, if you do the math, it is costing us more to deport fewer folks.    Mr. Mica. We do.    Mr. Mica. But the fact is, as the chairman pointed out, we are harboring, keeping, and releasing criminal illegal aliens and not taking care of that important aspect.    Thank you.    Mr. Mica. Mr. Chairman, I just ask unanimous consent to insert in the record after the end of our discourse on the interior deportations between 2009 and 2014, and I have annotated the chart. It was 100,000, 114 within 14 days, the final figure being 102,224. The director had said she had not seen this and was not aware of these figures. So I would ask that be put in the record.    I will also provide her with a large copy she won't have to use her glasses for.    Mr. Mica. And I will provide the minority with a copy, too, Mr. Cummings.