    Mr. Loris. Thank you. Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to discuss the Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy.    My name is Nick Loris, and I am the Herbert and Joyce Morgan Fellow at the Heritage Foundation. The views I express in this testimony are my own, and should not be construed as representing any official position of the Heritage Foundation.    Often overlooked in the criticism of policies that pick winners and losers in energy markets is the proper scrutiny of all the spending programs within EERE. The given logic for many of these initiatives is that a gap exists between basic research and economic viability, and thus, more taxpayer dollars must be spent to attract private investment. The reality though is that the market demand for transportation fuel and electricity are incentive enough to spur competition and innovative breakthroughs. Globally, these are multitrillion dollar markets. If any renewable technology captures a mere slice of that market, it would stand to make billions, if not tens of billions of dollars in profit annually. Breaking into this market is not a problem of the so-called valley of death where good ideas are unable to attract substantial investment. It is a valley of wealth waiting to be had.    The objectives of this office may be laudable, but it is simply not the role of the Federal Government to reduce cost and lower risk. When the government attempts to drive commercialization, it circumvents the competitive process that appropriately assigns risk and reward, and disregards how markets efficiently allocate resources. Take, for instance, the bioenergy technologies program that aims to make advanced biofuels cost-competitive with conventional gasoline at $3 per gallon. Why is that an objective in the first place, and how does the government know that $3 will be the magic price point at which alternative fuels become competitive? As we all know, markets are very unpredictable. And even if somehow $3 does change the market for alternative fuels, businesses are much better equipped and flexible to deal with the changing economic circumstances. Most importantly, the private sector should be responsible for taking on that risk and innovating to lower costs.    The same holds true for the electricity sector. For instance, the budget justification for the SunShot initiative states a goal of reducing the price for utility scale solar to 6 cents per kilowatt hour without subsidies, and that will result in rapid, large-scale adoption of solar across the United States. The problem is that the SunShot initiative in and of itself is a huge government subsidy by spending hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars to reduce the cost of solar. And if 6 cents per kilowatt hour results in rapid solar deployment, that is great, but that should be a business decision. Government has no business trying to make projects cost-competitive or improving a technology's reliability to make it more enticing for private financiers. Furthermore, the government is not very good at it, compared to those industries that actually have skin in the game. How many times have we heard from the DOE that an economically viable alternative energy source was just around the corner, and decades later and billions of taxpayer dollars squandered, the technology is still just around that corner.    Another goal for this office is improving energy efficiency. Programs like the Advanced Manufacturing Office sound nice and like an easy sell to constituents, but manufacturers already know that energy is a significant cost, and will find ways to reduce energy consumption in order to gain a competitive advantage. Companies will make these investments if they believe the technology is promising, worth the risk, and the best use of their investment dollars.    Instead, the Advanced Manufacturing Office provides nothing more than corporate welfare. For instance, past grant recipients have been some of the world's largest companies and massive energy users, including GE, Dow Chemical, and Boeing. These are not companies that need help from the taxpayer.    Now, when it comes to energy efficiency, one area that makes more sense as a government function is to reduce energy use within the federal government. The government as an energy consumer does not face the same incentive structure, nor do they always weigh trade-offs like families and businesses do. But the Federal Energy Management Program should be carried out in a technology-neutral manner to ensure the purpose is actual energy savings to save taxpayer dollars, not meet a political agenda.    All of this is not to say, however, that innovative technologies cannot emerge from federal spending, but there is a stark difference between how successes like the Internet became commercially viable versus attempts to commercialize specific energy technologies. Government projects that have become commercial successes, such as the Internet, computer chips and GPS, were not initially intended to meet a commercial demand, but instead, national security needs. Entrepreneurs saw an opportunity and created the commercially viable products that we enjoy today. The objective for Congress and the federal government should be to fund that basic research that meets national objectives, and create the proper pathway for DOE lab researchers to push that basic research out to the market, and for the private sector to tap into that expertise at our national labs.    To conclude, America doesn't need a man-on-the-moon-style mission for energy because the government has a diverse mix of energy supplies to competitively price energy, and provide families and businesses with choice. True reforms that lay the groundwork and lay the framework for renewable energy technologies to succeed and achieves--achieve the goal that EERE sets will not come from more government spending, but instead, free market reforms that create a competitive economic environment.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Loris. I would agree in the sense that it is an all-of-the-above approach to reduce costs, and it is not a proper role of the government, and we should have the same scrutinies of the Office of Fossil Energy, the Office of Nuclear Energy to get rid of all of these things.    Mr. Loris. I wouldn't agree either. I think there----    Mr. Loris. --are plenty of opportunities for the private sector to invest in conservation and make a profit from it.    Mr. Loris. I think the proper role for--is to focus on more of the things that the Office of Science does, which is----    Mr. Loris. Could you repeat the question?    Mr. Loris. I think it would depend on the circumstance.    Mr. Loris. Which public good are you talking----    Mr. Loris. Scientific knowledge, sure.    Mr. Loris. An externality is, you know, something that is not captured by the production of a good, such as pollution, or external benefits coming from the production of a good as well.    Mr. Loris. No.    Mr. Loris. No, I don't think the most efficient way to internalize a negative externality is through government programs----    Mr. Loris. No, I don't--not spending money on scientific research to internalize negative externalities, no, I don't believe that is a----    Mr. Loris. I think there are six trillion reasons for the renewable energy sector to capture opportunities, and they don't need any more.    Mr. Loris. I don't know the answer to one company, but I know you have a lot of companies like BP and major fossil fuel producers that invest in renewable opportunities to capture----    Mr. Loris. --those opportunities too----    Mr. Loris. Largely----    Mr. Loris. Well----    Dr. de Rugy. More competition--yeah, go ahead.    Mr. Loris. Go ahead.    Dr. de Rugy. Go ahead.    Mr. Loris. Please.    Dr. de Rugy. Yeah, no, more competition is good, but the problem with----    Mr. Loris. Yes.    Dr. de Rugy. More competition is good.