    Ms. Capra. Thank you, sir. Good morning, Chairman Benishek and Ranking Member Brownley. Thank you for the opportunity to be here at the National Guard Armory in Sault Ste. Marie to discuss rural health and staffing concerns. I am accompanied today by Mr. James Rice, Acting Network Director for Veterans Integrated Service Network 12; and Dr. Gail McNutt, Chief of Staff for the Iron Mountain VA Medical Center. Dr. McNutt is also the co-chairperson of the National Patient Aligned Care Consultant Team.    Individuals living in rural areas have traditionally been underserved with regard to healthcare access. The reasons for this are multiple, but they stem from long travel distances to reach healthcare facilities; lack of health insurance; and an inadequate number of healthcare providers, particularly specialists working in rural areas.    Currently, 3 million rural veterans are enrolled in the VA healthcare system. They account for approximately one-third of all VA enrolled users.    The Veterans Health Administration's Office of Rural Health envisions an America where veterans thrive in rural communities. Our mission is to improve the health and well-being of rural veterans by increasing access to care and services. We accomplish this mission through collaborations with other VA program offices, Federal and state partners, and local communities.    Accessible and quality healthcare for rural veterans is possible through a combination of VA community-based clinic expansion, increased partnership with rural community providers, the use of telemedicine and health information technology, and new efforts to recruit and retain healthcare providers to rural areas.    At VA, we are continuously working to increase access to care for rural veterans through innovative programs. Here are several examples.    A mental health case management program called the Extended Rural Access Network for Growth Enhancement or E-RANGE program provides severely mentally ill veterans with intensive support services to improve their quality of life. It increases independent community living, and it connects veterans with available local resources for support and care. The Iron Mountain VA Medical Center has successfully implemented and sustained this program.    Another example is the Rural Veterans Transportation Program which supplies vehicles and drivers that transport veterans to and from their VA medical appointments. This program saves veterans personal driving time and reduces missed appointments. The Iron Mountain VA Medical Center is a successful participant of this program as well.    A final example highlights the importance of health information exchange and its intent to increase care coordination between veterans, their VA providers, and the community providers who care for them. This effort is facilitated by a cadre of rural health community coordinators and increases the utilization of the virtual lifetime electronic record, also known as VLER. These coordinators work to ensure that each veteran's community provider is among the trusted partners with whom VA will share health information. Again, the Iron Mountain VA Medical Center is a current participant in this program.    In the area of workforce recruitment and staffing, VHA is expanding efforts and strategies to fill vacancies for positions that are critical to our mission. VHA's Workforce Management and Consulting Office, in collaboration with the Office of Rural Health, is working to determine where and what types of providers are in short supply at rural healthcare facilities; to explore and promote the use of VA financial incentives and other innovative solutions to recruit providers to rural VA facilities; to determine best practices in rural provider recruitment and retention; and to develop, expand, and support clinical training opportunities for rural healthcare practitioners so we can retain them in rural areas.    In addition, VHA employs a national advertising campaign aimed at recruiting clinicians for rural patients. This recruitment is possible through VHA's partnership with the National Rural Recruitment and Retention Network, or RRRNet. As a result, VHA has access to a robust database of candidates interested in serving veterans in VA's rural sites of care.    In conclusion, VA is committed to providing high-quality, safe and accessible care for our veterans. We continue to focus on improving veterans' access to care. While rural locations present unique access challenges, VA's rural health programs are robust and will continue to serve veterans in rural areas.    We sincerely appreciate the assistance we have received from your committee in particular and Congress as a whole, our partners at the local veterans' service organizations, Native American tribes, and key non-profit stakeholder groups. We would not be able to provide the necessary care to our rural veterans without the support and dedication of our partners.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my testimony. My colleagues and I are prepared to answer any questions you or Congresswoman Brownley may have. Thank you.    Ms. Capra. Yes. I would also like to ask Dr. McNutt or Mr. Rice if they could address that situation as well.    Ms. Capra. Yes.    Ms. Capra. Thank you, Congresswoman Brownley. What speaks to me most is the implementation of the Choice program and those significant challenges that we have implementing that successfully, not just here in Sault Ste. Marie but, as I have made my way around to other rural parts of the country, I do hear the same concerns over and over about community providers either not knowing about the opportunity to be part of the Veterans Choice program or not being willing to participate for a variety of reasons, whether it is reimbursement or they are a little concerned about what the experience will be like to work with the VA.    So I think while the Veterans Choice program presents a great opportunity to bring care closer to home through community providers, if the community providers aren't there or aren't willing to participate, that diminishes the intent of it.    I would say here in Michigan, I was fortunate on July 15th to do a training to the Michigan Primary Care Association to inform the Federally-qualified health centers of the opportunity. We did this along with Health Net, the third-party administrator implementing in Michigan, and thus far we have 19 Federally-qualified health center sites signed up in Michigan. We have a long road to go to continue with that.    We are doing some national provider outreach efforts with the National Rural Health Association and the National Association of Community Health Centers to try to reach those community providers, and many of them are already seeing veterans or veterans and their families. So we would like to bring them in, but there are challenges associated with that. I heard that today.    Ms. Capra. My office has been talking--we talk very regularly with the Indian Health Service. We actually did a recent training to encourage tribal health programs to sign up as Choice providers, and that is distinct and different from the Memorandum of Understanding, which allows tribal health programs to get reimbursed for the care they provide to Native veterans. So we would like to see both of those mechanisms activated more fully.    I understand here in Michigan that there are two tribes who have signed the reimbursement agreement and are getting reimbursed for the services they provide. We would love to see that grow and can offer technical assistance on that. But those are two distinct and very specific ways to get involved.    Ms. Capra. Yes.    Ms. Capra. I would just say nationally, Congresswoman Brownley, that this is an issue across the board for rural veterans traveling into facilities. I have been to facilities where they accommodate the veteran and his or her family overnight if it is going to require that sort of long day. That is really not a reasonable request to make of a veteran.    I think also the earlier conversation around technology. If some veterans are uncomfortable with telehealth or a phone-based call with a nurse, then for them that is not the right fit. But we really try to use technology in a way to bridge that distance so they don't have to go as far for certain services.    I will ask Mr. Rice to comment on Iron Mountain.    Ms. Capra. And I would add, under the Choice program currently, although it is still very clunky, there is the transfer of information between VA and the referred community provider. That is a part of the process in order for the provider to get paid on the community side.    Ms. Capra. Congresswoman Brownley, I would just add that nationally we are seeing that rural communities, not just VA service to communities, face this issue of a lack of physicians. So the mid-level team that Dr. McNutt described is so common. I talk frequently with my counterparts at the Department of Health and Human Services, their rural health office, and they are equally challenged by this issue of how to support rural communities so that individuals don't have to travel hours and hours to see specialists.    One of the things that is very unique, I have found, in the VA is the home-based primary care program. It is a limited program. It is something the Office of Rural Health has funded to a limited degree, but it allows the team to go to a veteran's home, those that are eligible, and I think that is really a fantastic model. It is resource intensive, but it really gets to the veteran where he or she is. So I think that is a place where the VA does a little better, actually, than those of us that get our care outside of the VA.