    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate all of you being here. Mr. Bersin, I appreciate the briefing before we went down to South America. It was a great trip. And I thought it was interesting when we were talking about the border security there in the tri-border area how they were telling us how lax it was, but when we met with some of the dignitaries, they said oh, no, we have got good border security. I saw a disconnect there.    I think we are all in agreement that border security is a national security issue. That is something we all take seriously. Obviously, you do, but yet we see the lapses, and I appreciate the work that you guys have done from the 1990s to today, but it is a different game today. Back then, we were worried more about people coming into this country wanting jobs, wanting a better life, wanting opportunity and the drug trafficking. Today, we have got people that want to do us harm and it is like a cake. You only need one drop of kerosene to mess up the whole batter and we can't afford any of that. And certainly we have seen that in what is going on in the European Union with Brussels, with Paris, with these attacks that like you said, is going to shut down our whole economy. It is their 9/11. Can we afford another one? Or do we want another one of those here in the United States?    And you are talking about the control. Before 9/11, we were pretty lax. 9/11 taught us a lesson. Now we have got TSA. Now we are doing checks at the curb, more perimeter checks before they even get into the airport. Where do we go next? Do the people just--five miles out from the airport? Or is it people coming into the cities, the people coming into a state? At what point do we say enough is enough and really crack down or find a different way to crack down?    Border security to me is a national security issue that has to be done. And I disagree with Mr. Trump wanting to build a wall. I don't think we need that. I think we have the technology, the personnel, and resources that we can do a good job, but it can't be done by itself. It has to be done with enforcement of the laws already on the book. Because right now there is a global policy around the world. People say there is a magnet, it is a global policy of unenforcement of immigration laws, that if you get to this area you get in and you get your pass go card, pass jail free card. It is the lottery for so many people. And they are struggling to do whatever they can to get here and if we can change some things and this is what I would like to hear from you guys.    Mr. Kubiak, you were talking about what you guys are doing on immigration and customs. I visited the Jacksonville Custom and Border Patrol people and they gave me several cases of where people were picked up. They took them back, put them on the plane to Honduras. A week later, they see them on I-10 driving by the same guy that deported them and the guy is smiling at our Custom and Border Patrol agent and it happens over and over again. They had several cases they showed me of convicted felons, whether it was DUIs or whether it was drugs or robbery that were deported, but they are back in this country because there is a revolving door. Plus, we were told there were directives coming out of the DHS and out of the White House and it was called PEP, the Presidential Enforcement Preference, where they are not enforcing or being told to let these people go.    So we can do all the right things and I commend the Custom and Border Patrol agents. They are doing the right thing, but when you have policies that are counter-productive, it is putting American lives at risk. All we have to do is look at the story of Kate Steinle, the young lady that was murdered out in San Francisco in a sanctuary city. We are working on defunding those kinds of cities, but not holding these people accountable and not allowing them back in. And when they are brought back in, they either need to be incarcerated or they need to make sure their host country keeps them in there.    We just saw what happened over the weekend in the Farmington neighborhood up here in Maryland where four people, three of them I think had already been deported one or two times, they are back in this area, causing crimes on American citizens. This is something that until we change, have a paradigm shift in how we deal with this. It is going to continue, and then God forbid that terrorist comes in illegally that should have been stopped, like you brought up in Honduras that didn't make it into Texas, luckily four of them got picked up. Was there one that didn't get picked up?    So they picked the one up, but how many have come through that haven't been picked up?    So what would you do, what would you recommend to us and I heard you, Mr. Bersin, say that until we change how these other countries deal with the people that were picked up and how we can deport them, what needs to change on this end to force those countries to do that? Is it withholding foreign aid? It is changing laws on our books? I would like to hear from both of you on that, what we need to do here to put an end to this because right now I see a revolving door on too many things and it is just a matter of time before somebody comes in and we have a problem.    Mr. Yoho. Well, just along that line, the ``ag'' guest worker program, the H-1B visa, we have got farmers in our district that are going through the right process, they are recruiting the worker, they are going through the visa process. They get them into the United States. The workers know that the rules aren't going to be enforced, so they leave that farm and go into a different field of operation. Our farmers are calling ICE and ICE says nothing we can do. Those policies need to change on this end because it will put a stop on the change of people coming over here. And until we do that, people are just saying hey, get to America, they are not going to enforce that. Don't worry about it.    Those are the things that I want to see changed. And what do you need to do in your agency, who is preventing you from enforcing those laws on the book? Is it a directive coming out the White House?    Mr. Yoho. Secretary of?    Mr. Yoho. Okay.    Mr. Yoho. Why would they allow people to leave those H-1B visa that the farmer goes through to accomplish to get that person here legally? Why would they allow that not to be enforced?    Mr. Yoho. I'm sorry, it is H2-A visa.    Mr. Yoho. Those are the things that if we can change them and enforce it, it would stop that magnet and that pool of people saying, hey, don't worry about it, man. They are slack on that. They are not going to do anything. And then you are going to get this--the radical jihadist terrorist that is going to come through on a work visa and they are going to come in that way and that is--you know, I want to know who is going to be held accountable for that, what agency, what department? Who is going to answer to the kids, to the family, or the parents that got damaged in that attack? Yes, we should have enforced those laws, but we didn't. We are all going to have to answer to that and I don't want to answer that.    Let us see. And then the other thing that was brought up when I was visiting there, there was 1200 miles of coastline in Florida. We have 90 CBP, Custom Border Patrol agents, 70 boots on the ground. They did 4,000 arrests in the State of Florida or in that whole district. And they need more agents is what I was told, but there is some Northeast states that have 400 agents and they do 50 arrests a year. And is there a way to adjust those for need?