    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Counselor, for being here. Have you ever done manual labor, like with a shovel, digging?    Mr. Gohmert. Oh, good. You had me worried there, because of the long pause.    Mr. Gohmert. Oh, OK, yes. Just have you ever used a shovel and dug a hole.    Mr. Gohmert. So I would take it, then, you have filled one in before.    Mr. Gohmert. Yes.    Mr. Gohmert. Yes. And that makes it interesting with your sons. Because it seems like what we have seen in Puerto Rico, they have dug themselves a hole and, as has been fully discussed here today, they are needing help getting out of the hole.    But I also recall my friend, Luis Fortuno, trying to get Puerto Rico on the right track. And my recollection of events, he laid off thousands of government workers, trying to get on track.    Mr. Gohmert. Tens of thousands. Yes, around 30,000, was that right?    Mr. Gohmert. Yes, and thinking that if we can show the total United States, show the world investors we can get our debt under control, we can stop digging a hole, then we have a chance to get on track and the money will be well invested here in Puerto Rico. Obviously, he lost the next election because they did not want a governor who was laying off that many government workers.    I pulled up--this says it is copyright 2016--but a list of cities in Puerto Rico by population and by percent of government employees. Apparently, Culebra, 1,868 population, percent government employees, 45.28; then--sorry if I butcher the name--Utuado, Puerto Rico, 35,015 and 40.06 percent of their population is government workers; and next, 27,913 population, 39.07 percent is government workers.    It seems like if we set up some kind of plan--and there are indications they are going to need Federal money, Federal help--we would be taking a shovel and trying to fill the hole back in. The trouble seems to be, with the high percentage of government workers in Puerto Rico, that they are going to be digging the hole at the same time we are trying to fill it in. I do not see how that would encourage capital to come rushing in, especially when they see the example that people are not going to get a dollar for a dollar that was invested in the original bonds.    So, I know you are Counselor to the Secretary of the Treasury. I looked that up during the long time we were waiting. It is a person trained to give guidance. I would take it you give the Secretary of the Treasury guidance, correct?    Mr. Gohmert. What kind of guidance do you give the Secretary of the Treasury on helping a gorgeous place like Puerto Rico, who continues to dig the hole while you are wanting to give advice on filling the hole? I mean do you tell him that they are continuing to dig the hole, the percentage of government workers is still going to be just a powerful suck on the amount of capital there is in the country?    Mr. Gohmert. And then that is going to send a message to the people of the island, ``We can keep electing governors who will not get the percentage of employees to the government under control, so we can keep digging while they are filling it in.'' That is my concern. Thank you, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. I know we told you we would be here until noon, but if you give me another 15 minutes we can get everything done.