    Mr.  Kelley. Good morning, Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, Chairman Hensarling, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Brady Kelley. I am the executive director of the National Association of Professional Surplus Lines Offices based in Kansas City, Missouri. Thank you for inviting me here today to testify on H.R. 2901.    Surplus lines is a $40.2 billion market. And NAPSLO members broker and underwrite a very high proportion of that. Our market, often referred to as the nonadmitted market, exists to provide insurance coverage for nonstandard and complex risks, and to provide cover for risks that exceed what the standard market is either willing or able to underwrite. It is the State's approach to regulating that market, which includes providing what is freedom from rate and form regulation, that allows it to work as this effective supplement. This fundamental principle is part and parcel to its effective operation and regulation.    Consider, for example, the impact of catastrophic losses that cause standard carriers to either withdraw or significantly curtail underwriting in certain regions of the country, or in certain lines of business. Exhibit one of our testimony tries to illustrate that. Market responses to catastrophic events by measuring the rates at which surplus lines premium has shifted either up or down over time in relation to total U.S. property casualty premium. You see events like the Northridge earthquake, 9/11, and hurricanes in 2005. They were all followed by very clear spikes in surplus lines premium, spikes that exceed the growth of the overall property casualty market. And then you see the reverse being true in years following that where catastrophe losses are lower or as the standard market re-adjusts. Without this safety net, consumers would be left without coverage for their commercial risks and/or their personal assets.    These same fundamentals apply in the case of private flood insurance. Consumers whose flood risks do not fit within the terms and limits of the NFIP, or whose risks are declined by the standard market, will look to our market, surplus lines, for the solution. It is important to point out that this is not new. Why might that be? Property exposures may exceed the $250,000 limit within the NFIP on a residential property, or the half million dollar limit on a commercial property. Homeowners may want replacement coverage rather than actual cash value for their property. They might want to insure additional structures, or list other properties on one policy. They might need additional living expense, basement exposure, and/or business interruption for a commercial entity.    These examples, coupled with communities or zones that are not eligible for NFIP coverage, mean consumer alternatives are absolutely essential. Our written testimony includes some facts and figures about the size of the surplus lines flood insurance market, and while you will see that they represent a relatively small proportion of the overall market, without it, consumers who need it would have no alternative.    This is precisely why we strongly support H.R. 2901. Although our market is currently allowed to provide private flood insurance, the 2012 law created uncertainty for lenders and consumers. Specifically, lenders became uncertain about accepting surplus lines policies in light of the law's requirements, and because it authorized Federal banking and housing regulators to apply their own requirements on private insurance companies. No regulations have been developed since that time. And it is prolonging this uncertainty. Uncertainty is the problem, but H.R. 2901 is the fix. It simply ensures our market's continued role in solving unique and complex flood risks that exceed or differ from the options available through either the NFIP or the standard market.    In addition, H.R. 2901 maintains the authority and primacy of State Insurance Commissioners in regulating private flood insurance. Because of their experience, their strong track record, and their success in regulating the U.S. business, we obviously strongly support that.    We have also provided written testimony describing how the States regulate the surplus lines market. I think Commissioner Miller has already done a pretty thorough job of describing that. So let me simply reiterate the importance and degree of each State's authority over both the insurance company and the surplus lines broker in a surplus lines transaction.    As a result, the 2015 A.M. Best report illustrates an exemplary solvency record for our market. It is included as another exhibit in the testimony. H.R. 2901 will solve the problems and concerns shared by the insurance and banking industries by preserving our market's ability to offer options to consumers. Without it, consumers who need it will have no alternative. Legislators on both sides of the aisle have expressed a desire to not just extend, but to also improve the NFIP going forward. And I think the witnesses over the last couple of days certainly agree with that. We believe H.R. 2901 is a positive step in that direction because it enables the private market to develop, and it allows the NFIP to focus on those properties with repetitive losses and their goal of flood loss mitigation and prevention.    We appreciate Congressmen Ross and Murphy for introducing the bill. Again, we thank you for the opportunity to be here. We look forward to working with you as this bill moves forward. Thank you.    Mr.  Kelley. It is the case. Surplus lines insurers do not--they are not backed by guaranty funds. But there is good reason for that. If you look at the types of coverages written in the surplus lines market, there are oftentimes not coverages that would fall under the general limits of the guaranty that exists for the standard market. You also have, again, the A.M. Best report that shows an incredible solvency record for the surplus lines market: 11 years of no financial impairments, compared to, I think, 207 impairments in the standard market over that same time period.    If you look at the ratings of surplus lines carriers, they are all in the excellent-to-good category compared to ratings on the standard side that aren't quite as good. So we tend to believe that coverage is typically inadequate for the size and limits of commercial policies covered by surplus lines carriers. We believe they don't incentivize strong corporate financial operations. And guaranty funds, in our opinion, would add an unnecessary burden on the surplus lines consumer, given the stellar financial strength of the industry.    Mr.  Kelley. I don't agree. Sorry. I don't agree that we need to eliminate the NFIP entirely. We certainly agree it needs to be reformed. I keep going back to this GAO report and the note that they made about subsidized properties counting for the majority of the repetitive loss properties in the market. And I heard it yesterday during the testimony as well. One percent of all NFIP policies count for 30 percent of all claims paid. So I think we have to face it there. That one percent category of property, no one is attracted in insuring those properties. And to think that you could come up with an actuarially sound rate that covers the risk of that property, I can't imagine a consumer having the ability to afford that.    So we believe there is a need for the NFIP to serve as some level of backstop. But we think you can focus it down on that category of risk.    Mr.  Kelley. Maybe. I think, again, H.R. 2901 is going to shift as much business as possible to the private industry. But let's face it. Private industry is not--they are going to have trouble insuring that one percent category as well without a pretty reasonable rate. So if you focus on that one percent category, maybe focusing NFIP on their mission of mitigating flood losses, preventing flood losses, that, in our opinion, is a better focus of a reformed NFIP.    Mr.  Kelley. No. I don't mean to suggest that. I think there are opportunities. What we have tried to specify and what we have to go back and reiterate is that the surplus lines market is generally not the market of first resort. It is a market that exists to supplement what the standard market isn't willing to underwrite. They are not approved to write it. They don't have the--    Mr.  Kelley. Right.    Mr.  Kelley. I am confusing you. I don't mean to suggest that. I think her examples are good ones. And there was an example given yesterday by a Member here. I think it was a property in Florida where part of the property is in the flood zone, but the structure itself was way up on the hill. It is never going to see water. The fact that our market, surplus lines market, can come in and specifically underwrite that property, even though it is classified a specific way by the NFIP, we can say we know that structure is never going to flood and we can--    Mr.  Kelley. They just don't write flood insurance. I appreciate that question. We have heard here that surplus lines are not regulated. We have heard that they are not licensed. That is--    Mr.  Kelley. --simply incorrect. Every surplus lines insurer is licensed in a State. It may not be licensed in every State. But in order to be eligible to write surplus lines insurance, as Commissioner Miller described, you have to be licensed in your State of domicile. So the regulation of that insurer from a financial solvency, from a market conduct perspective, none of that varies between the standard market and the surplus lines market.    Mr.  Kelley. Absolutely. And here is why, not just because of the Biggert-Waters Act, but because for decades, you have had consumers whose problems weren't solved by the limits of the NFIP or who didn't have a standard market option.    Mr.  Kelley. It is not significant. You have seen the stats in my testimony. And I will just recap them here. We have about six States, some of the biggest States, that capture flood insurance data. And those 6 States, which represent about 50 percent of our surplus lines market, wrote $134.1 million in flood premium in 2014.    Mr.  Kelley. Yes, it would.    Mr.  Kelley. Thank you for that question. With respect to the TRIA model concept, H.R. 2901 does a very different job of pushing this coverage to the private market. TRIA mandated that the private market offer terrorism coverage. This is giving the private market the opportunity to get in and figure it out, invest in underwriting processes, and get the experience to develop products. Many standard companies, I think over time, will probably add flood to the standard homeowners policy like we have talked about here. It is just going to take time. I think it will happen. It is just going to take time. And much of that experience will transpire out of what the surplus lines market is able to do.    What was the second question?    Mr.  Kelley. The issue of cherry-picking, the issues you are trying to balance here are affordability, availability, and financial stability of flood insurance. Terms like ``cherry-picking'' and ``adverse selection'' obviously have very negative bias when referring to private companies and their business decisions based on sound financial models, actuarial data, capacity, risk appetite, and experience. The private market's financial stability is in all of our, especially the consumer's, best interest. Making decisions about the types of risk to write, regions to write in, capacity to allocate to those regions, those are essential elements to maintaining a solvent, viable marketplace. So regardless of which risk you transfer from the public to private balance sheet, it starts to transfer some of them and reduces the long-term exposure to the subsidized Federal Government.    Mr.  Kelley. I have the Florida data here somewhere. I have it combined with six States, actually.    In 2014, $134.1 million worth of flood insurance premium written in those six big States: Florida, California, Texas, New York. $32.9 million of that, 24 percent of that, covers residential property. And of that category, only about 29 percent represents primary coverage, the balance being excess coverage on a personal residence.    So it is still a relatively small share of the overall surplus lines market. It is less than 1 percent of the $40 billion market nationwide.    Mr.  Kelley. Just to respond to the write-your-own prohibition, I agree with your point, Congressman. I think that is one barrier that we are seeing to the standard market stepping in. If they are already involved in the write-your-own program, they can't offer their own standalone program.    We haven't taken an association position on that. That has not been an issue we have really focused on. But it clearly is a barrier that I think would get more standard carriers involved if it weren't there.    Mr.  Kelley. And I think back to that 1-percent category of properties. We have to admit, no one is lining up to write those right away. And the thought of actually adding those types of coverages, add a flood peril to that general homeowners policy, that is going to price them out of their home, in our opinion.    So if we can focus on at least shifting some of the burden out of the Program, you at least reduce the overall risk. That leaves you with, then, the category of the highest-risk properties that perhaps a residual market is there to figure out. And it, in our mind, would allow the NFIP then to focus on what do you do about mitigating that risk, what do you do about preventing flood damage in those areas.    Mr.  Kelley. I wish I could answer that question. I am not the actuary in the room. I think there is a large percent of it that you can. What percentage, I can't quote you.    Mr.  Kelley. Let me start by saying it is going to take that transition to figure out how much of the 99 percent can transition. But that is going to take some time--    Mr.  Kelley. I would say that there is capacity already there. As the Commissioner already testified, most of what we are seeing transition out of NFIP is to surplus lines carriers now. So there is capital there. There is a lot of capital in surplus lines.    But, long term, our model--we wouldn't expect that business would stay in surplus lines for a very long time. Many types of coverages evolve out of surplus lines into the standard market. That is how the model works. That is how the market should work.    Mr.  Kelley. I think you are. Eventually, as the standard market does their own investment in technology and modeling and expertise with the risk, I think you will see many of them start to add that peril to their standard homeowners policies. It is that time between now and then that our market acts as the residual market.