    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Madam Chairman, and thank you for our collaboration on the GAO report our friend Deutch cited.    I think, you know, the relationship with Egypt is a critical relationship. It has got to be one we work out. But American patience is not unlimited, and the Egyptian leverage on the relationship is also not unlimited. There is a desire in this country and a growing desire in this body to hold the current Egyptian Government accountable for human rights violations, accountable for security infringements, accountable for how it treats civil society, especially the NGOs we have worked with.    I met with a lot of those NGOs when I was in Cairo, and I think the Egyptian Government was counting on the United States once the Americans got out of the country to frankly wash their hands of the Egyptian staff and volunteers of these NGOs. That is not the case, and I hope this hearing makes that very clear. And I know Ambassador Green is going to make that point. We stand by those brave young men and women who were trying to make for a better society in their own country, and I know we are going to hear more about that in this hearing. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Ms. Hawthorne, your testimony is that the current crackdown is worse than that under Morsi and worse than that under the Mubarak government, correct?    Mr. Connolly. That is a pretty hard statement. It seems to me that if you don't create political space, you are inviting repression and authoritarian regimes because there is no alternative. I don't know why we were surprised when Mubarak fell that the only viable electoral alternative was the Muslim Brotherhood. They were the only ones who had organized, however surreptitiously, and no other political dissent had been allowed, with our complicity. And we are doing it again under this military-led government.    And my friend from California, Mr. Rohrabacher, warned us that if we didn't support this government, the alternative was radical Islamic terrorism. I fear that without questioning this government, without challenging this government, without holding it to certain standards, that is precisely the alternative. We will create that alternative not by design, but because we have created no political space in Egypt, the largest Arab population in the world.    The idea that there is only this military-led government or chaos in the void seems to me an unacceptable proposition for the American people and the American Government, and we have to use whatever lever is available to us--and we have talked about that a little bit in terms of foreign assistance--to try to effectuate a better outcome and a better-performing government, one that is more inclusive and certainly does not resort--I mean, when you say, Ms. Hawthorne, that the current crackdown is worse than Morsi, whatever one wants to say about the Muslim Brotherhood government--and God knows I have no love for the Muslim Brotherhood government, but they did get elected freely and fairly according to the United States Government, is that not correct?    Mr. Connolly. Did they mow thousands of Egyptian citizens in the streets of Cairo and Alexandria, Ms. Hawthorne?    Mr. Connolly. No, they did not. That is kind of a big measuring stick, it seems to me. However repressive or anti-democratic tendencies they may have been showing at the time of the overthrow, they did not do what this government has done against its own citizens.    And I am not trying to create a favorable comparison, but I think we, America, we need to realistically look at what has been wrought in Egypt. And I believe that repressive government in Egypt plays into the hands of the very elements we want to oppose and we do not want to strengthen.    Ambassador Green, what about that? IRI is on the ground over there. You have had people who have been victimized by this government and the previous government. What is your sense?    Ambassador Green. Well, thank you, Congressman. If nothing else, your statement about the importance of political space we absolutely agree with, that there must be political space created for people to engage in a safe space with their government. And what we worry about is ongoing alienation of youth, the next generation. And if they grow up in a society with no safe space, no opportunities to engage with their government and with their society, what will be the long-term ramifications? Will you have an entire generation that knows nothing else but what they are seeing right now? And obviously none of us would support that. That would be a terrible thing.    Mr. Connolly. And maybe that, given my limited time, Ambassador Green, we could talk just a little bit. I am going to invite you to describe the process. But when I met with the young people from the NGOs who are unfortunately being prosecuted by their government, these were young idealists committed to making their country a better place. I mean, you couldn't have asked for a better sense of citizenship. And in fact one worried about their idealism being perhaps crushed by the government. Most of them come from middle- and upper-middle-class families. They are educated. Describe the humiliation of what it means to be put on trial in a courtroom in Cairo. What happens? Are you put in a jury box?    Ambassador Green. They do not receive the same legal protections or opportunities obviously that we see in the United States or in nearly all of the civilized world. And it goes back to my strong belief that alienation of youth is one of the most dangerous conditions. Left unaddressed, it will guarantee more authoritarian government. It will guarantee an unsustainable security situation.    Mr. Connolly. And the disillusionment of a cadre of young people who actually believed in democracy.    Ambassador Green. Very much so.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina . And thank you, Mr. Connolly.    We will now proceed to Congressman Ron DeSantis of Florida.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Yes, Congressman Connolly.    Mr. Connolly. If I might be allowed just a brief response.    Mr. Connolly. Absolutely.    Mr. Connolly. I simply wanted to say that I don't know that we disagree. To be a critic of the el-Sisi government is not to view terrorists as lapsed Democrats. Some of us want to see, like you do, Mr. Rohrabacher, Egypt as a bulwark against terrorism and extremism. The question is how best to do that. And some of us respectfully, including the witnesses here today, believe that the path el-Sisi has gone down actually will not yield that result, will do the opposite, not by design but by practice.    Now, maybe we are wrong and I hope we are, but it is worthy of examination because my friend and I share the same goal. It is a question of how best to get there. I don't believe the best way to get there is by killing your own citizens, by clamping down on civil liberties, by imprisoning and trying young idealist NGO staffers who are trying to make for a better Egypt. I believe that those actions are almost designed to play into the hands of the very people you and I want to prevent from coming to power.    And that is the debate. It is not an either/or choice of do you like terrorists or do you want a military strongman who cracks down on all dissent. There has to be another alternative making this better, creating political space so that we aren't faced with a black-and-white, either/or alternative. And that is just my point of view. Thank you, friend.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. And I would like to thank, as we conclude, Congressman Rohrabacher and Congressman Connolly for their input, and we appreciate so much the witnesses here today.    And again, I just have to restate IRI, NDI, the National Endowment for Democracy, what a difference it makes around the world providing opportunity. And I just wish the success of each of you.    We are now adjourned.