    Mr. Jordan. I thank the chairman.    Mr. Camus, we learned from John Koskinen and the IRS that they had lost the backup tapes, or that the backup tapes no longer existed, when we got a letter--well, the letter went to the Senate Finance Committee, but that's when we learned, that's when the American people learned.    When did you learn? When did the IRS tell you that the backup tapes didn't exist?    Mr. Jordan. So you learned like everyone else.    Mr. Jordan. OK.    And then when did you find the tapes that the IRS said didn't exist?    Mr. Jordan. This is where the chairman was a few minutes ago.    Mr. Jordan. So you learned like the whole world, and then, as the chairman said, 15 days later, you find them. How'd you find them?    Mr. Jordan. But, I mean, how'd you actually get the physical tapes? What did you do?    Mr. Jordan. Did you get in a car and drive to Martinsburg, West Virginia?    Mr. Jordan. Yes. You just got in a car, we drove to the place that had the tapes, you said, ``Can we see the tapes?'' ``Here they are.'' Yes.    And those people, when you got the tapes from them, you said, ``Hey, by the way, did the IRS ask you--did they come out and ask you if the tapes were here?'' You asked them that question, right? And their answer was?    Mr. Jordan. No, they didn't.    So you just did something pretty simple. Where are the tapes? I'm going to get in the car, I'm going to drive, and I'm going to get the tapes.    Now, as the chairman pointed out, for 4 months the IRS knew they lost the tapes--lost them--and didn't tell us and then told the whole world, told you on June 13. And within a few days, you had those tapes.    And there were 770 and--or, excuse me, 744 tapes you got on July 1.    Mr. Jordan. When you drove to Martinsburg and actually got the tapes.    Mr. Jordan. OK.    So you have that number--you had a lot of numbers in your testimony, but I want to focus on that number.    And then I want to focus on, were these the only tapes you've actually gotten in your possession? Are these the only tapes you've got?    Mr. Jordan. All right. So that's what you pointed out near the end of your testimony.    So 744 tapes originally. Now, just 2 weeks ago, you obtained 424 more. How'd you find out about these tapes?    Mr. Jordan. So, missing a document. Whose document was that, and who should have given you that document?    Mr. Jordan. So they withheld a document from you that prevented you from figuring out there were more tapes than these 744. Is that accurate?    Mr. Jordan. They didn't give you a document, and, by not having the document, you couldn't figure out that there were more tapes out there with potentially more Lois Lerner emails on them. Is that correct?    Mr. Jordan. Yes.    So any concerns about the fact that that document wasn't there? And how did you figure out that the document was missing?    Mr. Jordan. And where were those tapes? The same place?    Mr. Jordan. So you got in the car and drove there again, right?    Mr. Jordan. You got more tapes.    Mr. Jordan. Amazing. Amazing.    So, now, here's the key. And this is--the chairman, in his opening round of questions.    So when you have the IRS take 4 months to tell you something, and they don't even go to the place--you figured out in 2 weeks, you got in a car, drove there, and got them. The IRS says they don't exist. Right? You can find them in 2 weeks, get access to those tapes, and then you learned that there--so 4 months there, you get them in 2 weeks. And then you learn that they're not giving you the documents that you need to find even more tapes.    So when the chairman asked the important question, is there potentially criminal activity here, your answer was?    Mr. Jordan. And that's the thing, right? I mean, it sure smells like it.    If the IRS takes 4 months to tell us something as important as, ``We lost Lois Lerner's emails,'' and their excuse is, ``We're doing everything we darn well can do to get those,'' and then when they do make it public to the whole world--they didn't tell you ahead of time. They told you when they told the whole world. And in 2 weeks, you got them. Suddenly, they're, ``Oh, wait a minute''--well, 2 weeks to get them.    And then you find out, in addition to that, they're withholding documents that uncover even more tapes. So we're not talking 744 tapes. We're talking over 1,100 tapes that we now have.    And so, of course, this--that's why we're--she's done left. She should have stayed. This is why we're having the hearing. When the American people understand 1,100 tapes that the IRS said, ``They're gone, we can't get them,'' and all you do is get in a car, drive to Martinsburg, West Virginia, not that far, one State over, and get the tapes, holy cow. Of course--we should have had this hearing 2 weeks ago when you first learned that those 424 tapes were out there.    Mr. Jordan. My time's expired. I yield back.