    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank all the panelists for your time this morning. And I appreciate you sticking around for, I think I am the last person. I have only been here 6 months, so I get to ask my questions last.    Mr. Sherman made a comment that no one in the White House is listening to us. I believe that is true. So, in many respects, this hearing is all about trying to draw attention through your insightful comments to the deal that is about to get done and draw the American public's attention to it.    And Mr. Yoho asked my question, so I will change it a little bit. If a deal gets done, isn't the 30-second sound bite headline, ``A Done Deal: Iran Will Have a Nuclear Weapon in 10 or 12 Years''? Isn't that the takeaway from where we are at today? And Mr. Yoho, he said they are going to cheat. Let's assume they don't cheat. So, in 12 years, they are going to have a nuclear weapon. Isn't that the short summary for the evening news?    Mr. Trott. I couldn't agree more.    One of the things that baffles me, and any of the panelists can answer this, it would be great, I can't figure out why the President is continuing to pursue the deal, why he doesn't step away. And I don't know if it is about saving face. I don't know if he genuinely believes that by being nice, that that is going to change behavior. Or if he is just determined not to act like a superpower, so whatever happens in the world really shouldn't concern us. Why not step back? We had 367 Members of Congress sign a letter. Every editorial says it is a bad deal. No one disagrees that they are the largest sponsor of terrorism in the world.    I take issue with one comment you made, Mr. Doran. They don't--when their lips move, they don't lie--they lie, except when they are saying ``Death to America.'' They mean that. So why not step away from this deal and say, I think everyone in the country would applaud the President and say: You made the right decision. Let's not close down discussions or diplomatic solutions. Let's try and find an alternative. But we can't move forward.    Why is the President determined to do this deal that I can guarantee will be unacceptable to Congress? There is no question about that.    Mr. Trott. It is a world view you are saying?    Mr. Trott. So the headline will be, ``Deal Done: Iran Gets Nuclear Weapon in 12 Years, But Everyone Likes Us.'' Is that the summary?    Mr. Trott. Last question, and I am out of time.    Dr. Pollack, so before I came here, I was in business. And negotiating a deal in business, it always threw up a red flag when the other side was so focused on what happens if we breach the agreement, and we cheat. What happens if we default. And when folks are so focused on that, then, to me, that is telling me that I am, you can't do a good deal with a bad guy. So they are focused on cheating, arguing about anytime, anywhere inspections, arguing about the military basis. Isn't it a given they are going to cheat? Isn't it a foregone conclusion that the deal isn't going to be worth the paper it is printed on?    Mr. Trott. Pretty high-stakes bet, wouldn't you say?    Mr. Trott. And I appreciate all of your time. And I will just close with I hope the bet doesn't result in Iran having an intercontinental ballistic missile that will be able to hit the President's library in Chicago.