    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Chairman Kline and Ranking Member Scott. I want to thank the witnesses for testifying. I had another meeting that overlapped. I did have a chance to read your testimony.    Education has been a long passion of mine, especially as it relates to low income students who are often students of color, and I am one of those, graduated from high school, public high school in Newark, New Jersey, grew up in the ghetto. I taught for 40 years as an educator in Greensboro, North Carolina.    I also served in the North Carolina House for 20.5 years, and I did not get a chance to serve with you, Representative Bryan, but while I was there, I was opposed to efforts to funnel our public dollars to voucher programs, and I am still opposed to that today. I do not think that was a good idea.    However, despite the strong efforts, we were left in North Carolina with an opportunity scholarship program, and I think there are still opportunities that are not there for all of our children. Representative Bryan, I know you are a strong proponent of the program, but I have to let my colleagues who are left here know it is not as good as it sounds.    The program was initially struck down as unconstitutional, rightly asserted that the General Assembly was seeking to push average students from low-income families into non-public schools in order to avoid the cost of providing them a sound basic education in public schools.    I just know a greater percentage, 90 percent of our children, will be educated in public schools. Unfortunately, the State Supreme Court overturned this ruling on ideological lines, and to add insult to injury, Chief Justice Marshall or Martin said that those taxpayers who allege that the program failed, failed to show that they suffered harm.    I really find it hard to believe that taking limited funds that the North Carolina legislature chose to cut from public dollars and sending those to private schools that are not held to the same level of accountability is not harmful, it is harmful.    Dr. Huerta, I have a question for you, if you would expound upon some of the harmful outcomes of voucher programs in other states, and offer some insight on what you think North Carolina can expect for low-income students.    Ms. Adams. In your opinion, do these adverse effects have a greater impact on students of color, and if so, would you tell us why you think that?    Ms. Adams. Okay. Just one follow up, Dr. Huerta. How much work would have to be done to actually make vouchers work and truly give all students and their families choice?    Ms. Adams. Thank you very much.    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.