    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    I appreciate you being here. This is an important topic, the role of banking, and what it plays in the American economy cannot be understated.    The FDIC, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, was created by Congress to help maintain stability in the financial sector. Several things are currently happening with the FDIC that raise some concerns. Importantly, since 2013, the FDIC has not had a Senate-confirmed inspector general. I do think that this needs to be put in place sooner than later. That is far, far too long.    In May, the FDIC reported it suffered five--five--major data breaches since October of 2015, all involving taxpayer personal identifying information. In the banking sector, this is particularly of concern, to have it happen five times that we know about.    But today's hearing will highlight an area truly undermining our country's financial future. Our local financial institutions continue to drown in a sea of red tape.    There has to be regulation, don't get me wrong. There need to be rules of the road. But they need to be fairly administered and they need to be predictable so that new entrants can also come into the marketplace.    Since passage of Dodd-Frank and the implementation of additional policies by the FDIC, we haven't seen our financial sector getting stronger. What we have seen is a drastic decrease in the formation of new banks and an increase in bank mergers and acquisitions.    I think, my own personal opinion is the systemic risk is greater, not less.    As of March 2016, the United States had 6,122 banks. This is the lowest number of banks since the Federal regulators began keeping track in 1934. The lowest number. It's a huge drop from 25 years ago when the United States had over 14,000. Some will claim that that was too many. They didn't have the financial strength and the proper deposits in order to cover their potential losses.    But this decrease in banks does matter. Competition fosters innovation, consumer-responsive products, and provides more options for individuals who need access to credits. We've had a growing population in the United States of America, and yet, less institutions in proportion to that population than in the past.    The FDIC is responsible for issuing deposit insurance to new industrial loan companies, or ILCs, or de novo banks outside of the Federal Reserve System. Proof of deposit insurance is a standard requirement for new community banks to receive their State banking charter.    Put in simpler terms, just like the State requires motorists to have car insurance to register a car, you can't run a bank without proof of deposit insurance. But unlike car insurance companies who will compete for your business, the FDIC doesn't appear to want consumers to have any new banks.    The decline in applications for new banks is unsettling. Between 2011 and 2015, the FDIC processed an average of three applications per year--per year. This is a drastic decrease from an average of 219 applications per year between 2004 and 2008.    Using the same car analogy, if States suddenly had no one registering their cars because citizens were unable to obtain car insurance, we would all wonder what was going on with those insurance companies.    Since 2011, the FDIC has only approved three--three, since 2011--de novo bank applications, and no, not one, ILC application. Not one of them has been approved. This stands in stark contrast to even 2008 when the FDIC approved 48 de novo banks.    Further, the banks the FDIC has approved seem only to meet very small niche markets rather than broad community needs. For example, one of the three approved banks--this is a good thing, don't get me wrong, this is a good thing--was located in the heart of the Pennsylvania Amish country, meant to serve only that market instead of creating opportunities for competition in more diverse areas.    Today's hearing is an attempt to understand why this radical decline in new bank formation. I would like to understand if the FDIC is truly open to receiving and accepting applications or if red tape is resulting in interested parties just throwing up their hands and walking away.    I'm sure we can all agree that we want secure and stable banks. Don't get me wrong, we have to have the safety and security of stable banks. But we must be sure that the regulator who's charged with allowing new banks to enter the market is not circumventing the process. This results in weakening the financial sector and limiting options to households in underserved markets across the United States of America.    We thank the witnesses for being here today. Already, the information that was provided in the written testimonies are insightful and very helpful, but we do have some serious questions and look forward to the hearing.    I would like to now recognize the ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings, for his opening statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to thank the gentleman.    We'll hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We'll now recognize our panel of witnesses.    We are pleased to welcome the Honorable Martin J. Gruenberg, chairman of the United States Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.    Mr. Matthew Browning, former board member of the National Association of Industrial Bankers. Mr. Browning is testifying on behalf of the National Association of Industrial Bankers and the Utah Bankers Association.    Dr. Simon Johnson is professor of global economics and management at the MIT Sloan School of Management.    And Mr. Guy Williams is the president and chief executive officer of the Gulf Coast Bank and Trust Company. Mr. Williams will be testifying on behalf of the American Bankers Association.    We welcome you all. We thank you for being here.    Pursuant to committee rules, all members are to be sworn before they testify. So if you'll please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    We would appreciate it if you limit your oral comments to 5 minutes. We'll give you a little latitude, but try to keep it to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be entered into the record.    Chairman, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Browning, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson, you are now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Williams, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Thank you, all.    We'll now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Chairman Gruenberg, on page 1 of your testimony, you say that FDIC institutions are posting record profits, and yet, on page 6 you say that the profitability ratios are below pre-crisis levels, making it unattractive to start a new bank. Which one is it?    Chairman Chaffetz. I just think it's inconsistent for you to suggest that there is not--that the profitability ratios are so low that it's unattractive to file an application at the same time you say that there are record profits. People do want to get into this business and service the need and the demand that's in the economy.    Ninety-four percent of all bank applications since 2009 have not been approved--94 percent. Do you really believe that all those bank applications don't meet the needs of the communities? I mean, are we really supposed to believe that 94 percent of the applications were insufficient?    Chairman Chaffetz. I know, but to date.    Chairman Chaffetz. How many have you approved to date since 2009?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's not what I'm asking you.    Chairman Chaffetz. You're not answering my question here.    Chairman Chaffetz. At the same time you're posting record profits.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you're not approving any applications. That's the problem.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ninety-four percent of the ones you did were not approved. You only approved three.    Chairman Chaffetz. You're not answering my question.    Chairman Chaffetz. I know, but you're not. That's what I'm explaining to you. You may be trying, but you're not answering the fundamental question.    Chairman Chaffetz. But they're posting record profits. So you can't have it both ways. And my fundamental challenge is that you've only approved three, and that's highly suspicious in a--I think there's more systemic risk, because the cruel irony of all this is there are fewer institutions that have more leverage, more of the play.    And so you have very large institutions out there that are trying to get into this business. You have applications that are pending for a long period of time. One application has been pending since 2008. Another application is showing pending since 2009.    I mean, how long does it take to go through these applications? You and I have talked about this in my office, and I still don't understand--that's why we're having the hearing--I still don't understand why it takes so long.    Chairman Chaffetz. Is that still in place?    Chairman Chaffetz. And have you approved any since then?    Chairman Chaffetz. But they're still pending?    Chairman Chaffetz. What are they supposed to do? I mean, they're pending. Do they have to come and say, ``Will you please continue to do your work?''    I mean, these institutions, they've spent seven figures putting these things together. Why aren't you--if they're still pending, why aren't you taking action on them?    Chairman Chaffetz. They have pursued them. They're pending before your body.    Chairman Chaffetz. So they submit the application, they've done everything they're supposed to do, and it's still pending, and they need to show activity?    You state that you're going to put out some guidance, right? When is that going to happen?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no. Give me--come on. Give me a date.    Chairman Chaffetz. How long have you been working on it?    Chairman Chaffetz. When did you start the process of coming up with the guidance?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no. You're not answering the question. I'm sorry I'm going over time here. But this is a very simple question. You put it in your opening statement, okay?    Chairman Chaffetz. When will you actually complete this exercise? When did you start it and when are you going to publish it?    Chairman Chaffetz. That would be great.    I've gone past my time. Let me now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I don't think he necessarily said that.    Chairman Chaffetz. We now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentlewoman from New Jersey, Ms. Watson Coleman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlelady. Now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman yields back. Now recognize Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I'll now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure. That would be good.    Chairman Chaffetz. When will we have those?    Chairman Chaffetz. We now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman is free to ask another set of questions in another round.    But let me go, first, to Mrs. Maloney of New York.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlelady.    Mr. Johnson, did you ever review, prior to this hearing, the information in Mr. Browning's application?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, I think it's pretty cavalier for you to pass judgment on the entire process by which Mr. Browning was trying to interact with the FDIC and for you to pass judgment on that. But that's my judgment.    Chairman Chaffetz. I think you did. I think the record will reflect it. And I think you were very cavalier about that.    We now recognize Mr. Meadows for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. You were asked a direct question. We expect a direct answer.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield to the gentlelady from New York for a moment, please?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. We now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina.    Chairman Chaffetz. Hold up. Let me allow Mr. Williams to add to that, and then we will allow Mr. Mulvaney of South Carolina.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many have you rejected?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, I don't think it does.    Chairman Chaffetz. But a rejection would have a consequence for you too.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    As we conclude here, you could see people filing in for the next hearing, which starts in 7 minutes.    This has been very productive. I appreciate all the participants.    Mr. Gruenberg, for both the ILCs and the community banks, can we by the end of the month, can you give us a good listing of what you are going to be working on to provide for this committee? Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. That would be great.    And then, Mr. Meadows was pretty generous on saying 120 days. But I think we have several of those items, including Dodd-Frank and others, that we would like to see. So if you can provide it to us by the end of the month, that would be most helpful. I appreciate it.    Thank you all for your participation. It's an important segment, important to our economy, and affects more Americans than most people realize. And we thank you all for your participation.    The committee stands adjourned.