    Mr. Bradley. Yes, sir. Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me. You have my bio, so you know I retired from Federal service in 2008 after 20 years as chief counsel with the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission. I am pleased to be invited here today to say some words about the Commission's Cuba claims adjudication program.    As we know, following the overthrow of the Batista regime in Cuba and Fidel Castro's takeover on January 1, 1959, the Castro regime began a comprehensive drive to seize business enterprises, assets, and other private property on the island. Given the extensive American involvement in Cuba's economy at the time, American companies and individuals were particularly affected by these actions. Some of the takings were overt, such as the outright nationalization of certain industries under law 1076 of December 5, 1962, and the expropriations under law 851 of July 6, 1960, which were directed toward Cuban concerns in which Americans held majority interest. In addition, all properties of persons who had left Cuba were confiscated under law 989 of December 6, 1961.    Other takings were more subtle such as administrative requirements placed on mining and oil concession holders to reregister their concessions under circumstances that made compliance impossible.    One of the first U.S. responses to these actions was an effort by Senator Bourke Hickenlooper to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to impose a trade embargo on Cuba and prohibit the furnishing of foreign assistance to the ``present Government of Cuba.'' However, the amendment was not enacted, and the Department of Treasury did not move to freeze Cuban assets in the United States until July 1963. Consequently, most of those assets, possibly as much as $500 million had already been transferred out of the country, primarily to Canada, by the time the blocking took place.    In October 1964, Congress passed, as you mentioned, House of Representatives bill H.R. 12259, which became Public Law 88666 and is codified as title V of the International Claims Settlement Act of 1949, as amended. The statute authorized and directed the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission to determine the validity and amount of U.S. nationals' claims against Cuba for expropriation and other taking of property and other assets affected on or after January 1, 1959, and certify its findings of the amounts of the losses sustained to the Secretary of State. In addition, the Commission was authorized and directed to determine the validity and amount of claims against Cuba for disability or death of U.S. Citizens resulting from actions taken by or under the authority of the Cuban Government.    The purpose of the adjudication process was to compile a record of the claims which could eventually serve as the basis for a lump-sum settlement agreement with a future Cuban Government. The period for filing claims officially commenced November 1, 1965, and was to end on May 1, 1967. By law, the program was to be completed as of May 1, 1970. However, due to budget cuts from Fiscal Year 1969, the program could not be completed by the statutory time, and further legislation was finally obtained which extended it to July 6, 1972.    As has been mentioned, a total of 8,816 claims were evaluated in the course of the program. Of these, 5,911 were certified as valid with a total value of over $1.8 billion, not including interest. Adding the interest component, the claims come to over $7.6 billion in worth.    I should also mention that two small--two additional claims were certified by the Commission in 2006 in a small second program we conducted at the request of the Secretary of State. Of the claims, over $1.6 billion was certified in the names of 898 American corporations, with 5,913 totaling $221 million certified in the names of individuals.    We had 131 certifications in excess of $1 million, and the largest certification, in favor of the Cuban Electric Company, amounted to over $267.5 million in principal amount.    This concludes my statement, and I will be happy to try to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Bradley. I would just say, speaking as a private citizen, I am aware that in past situations, such as--I would point to Vietnam in particular. Vietnam still is a Communist country, but it recognized--and certainly Senator Helms played a big role in insisting that property claims were taken up early in the progress of arriving at normalization between Vietnam and the United States. And so that same analogy should apply here, in my view. Or that same mindset should apply.    Mr. Bradley. No. Mauricio was the chairman for----    Mr. Bradley . Eight years. He has covered it pretty well.