    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing. I have been very involved in export administration agencies. When I sat in that chair, this subcommittee wrote a new charter for OPIC which passed the House of Representatives, and of course, the full committee overwhelmingly. Unfortunately, for reasons that escape me, there is the United States Senate. But I want to commend you, Ms. Littlefield, for following through regulation many of the policy provisions that were in the bill that passed this committee and the full committee by an overwhelming vote.    The hot issue now is EXIM. Mr. Chairman, unlike you, I gave 100 speeches in favor of the candidacy of George McGovern. But even I don't believe----    Mr. Sherman. That is a true statement. All my statements are true. I do not believe in unilateral disarmament. Germany, Japan, Korea, and China have export promotion authorities which as a percentage of their economy dwarf EXIM Bank. And the idea that American companies should be trying to export and face competition from those agencies without the help of Mr. Hochberg would astound me.    Finally, the EXIM Bank actually makes money. You will hear that there is something called fantasy accounting in which they lose money. Let me assure you, as a CPA, and I will agree with the CBO, if we didn't have EXIM, we would have to cut the budget assuming we didn't want to increase the deficit. And those cuts might very well come from foreign operations. I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Chairman, I would like to withdraw my support for EXIM Bank.    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Hochberg, I think it is entirely reasonable that you have an advisory board made up in chief of your customers. You know, there are very few vegans who are on the Ruth's Chris Advisory Board. You want to survey your customers to see if you are doing a good job.    Ms. Zak, you quoted, I guess it was Cordell Hull about the trade, a beautiful, poetic, often false characterization of history. If you make a list of Germany's chief trade partners in 1938, then you make a list of the countries they were at war with in 1942, it is the same list. Same with Japan having as its chief trading partners, China, Britain, and the United States, so trade is wonderful, but the idea that it prevents wars is more poetry than history.    Mr. Hochberg, why it is in our national interest that our allies buy weapons from us some of the times? Do our weapons exporters face foreign governing financing in competition? Do we lose military sales because there is a provision now in your charter that prevents you from financing military objects?    Mr. Sherman. So unless they are stealing sales from us, they are wasting their time and the efforts of those European governments. I mean obviously we want to be careful, but we are careful as to who we export weapons to and once the State Department determines that it is in our interest to export weapons, it is very much in our interest to export those weapons rather than see those other competing finance agencies. So I look forward to working with you after the demonstration dies down the hall, not only to keep you in business, but to allow you to do the work that will build American export capacity, build our defense infrastructure and I love those other countries you mentioned, but I would just as soon have all the defense infrastructure here. Now and then they are going to export weapons to countries we wouldn't want to see.    Ms. Zak, sometimes companies are going to come to you and say we need your effort to help our supply chain, our globals. And what they are really doing is they are saying we want you to help offshore jobs. Do you ever get sucked into providing assistance where in the name of a global supply chain for an American company you are helping to build the infrastructure, otherwise help exports from other countries to the United States?    Mr. Sherman. And Mr. Hochberg, I am sure you listen to the opponents of the Bank. They have their rallies. Are any of them rallying for the elimination of the export financing authorities of Britain or Germany or China? Do you see any signs on that?    Mr. Sherman. And are any of them, any of those signs saying let us increase the U.S. budget deficit by $670 million per year?    Mr. Sherman. Are any of them proposing tax increases that would generate $670 million per year?    Mr. Sherman. So there is a sign shortage. I yield back.