    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank our witnesses for your testimony today. In particular, Admiral Locklear, I want to thank you for your leadership at PACOM for the last 3 years. I thank you for your service and I wish you all the best of luck in your future endeavors.    If I could start with you, Admiral. You mentioned China's aggressive shipbuilding program in addition to their significant advances in electronic warfare capabilities, Admiral. How do our forces in PACOM compare in those aspects? And where do you believe improvements need to be made, besides continued and sustained investment in the U.S. nuclear submarine force, as you mentioned?    I am particularly concerned and interested. I think that the Chinese at this point are--have confidence that they could potentially turn the lights off on our use of cyber capabilities on our fleet and our ability to respond, both figuratively and literally.    So I want to know where you--what your views are and how we stand.    Mr. Langevin. But I want to speak specifically to electronic warfare capabilities if you could, Admiral.    Mr. Langevin. Good. Well, I share your concern there, Admiral.    With regards to North Korea, both you and General Scaparrotti mentioned in your testimonies that their cyber actors continue to conduct cyber actions against South Korean military and civilian networks. How confident are you that this isn't happening to our U.S. Forces Korea infrastructure as well? And additionally, how are we defending ourselves, as you mentioned in your testimony, China generating insights into our U.S. security policies, defense networks, logistics and military capabilities through their cyber program?    General Scaparrotti. Thank you.    In regards to Korea and the threat from North Korea, I am confident of our ability to defend our military networks. We work very closely with the Republic of Korea, our partners and allies, to ensure that, because we have a combined command and control system, that we close any vulnerabilities there. And we have been working in the past year very hard to develop our cyber capabilities as a team.    However, you know, that is an ongoing challenge that we have to stay on top of. North Korea is getting better every day.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Forbes.