    Dr. Ochoa. Thank you, Madam Chair, and Members of the Committee, and good morning.    My name is Dr. Eddie Ochoa, and I have the opportunity to give this testimony as a member of Children's HealthWatch, a nonpartisan network of pediatricians, public health researchers, and children's health and policy experts committed to improving children's health in America.    I am a general pediatrician, and I practice at Arkansas Children's Hospital in Little Rock, as a faculty member of the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences.    Little Rock is one of five sites in the Children's HealthWatch research network, along with Baltimore, Boston, Minneapolis, and Philadelphia. Our mission is to improve the health and development of young children by informing policies that address and alleviate economic hardships. We do this by interviewing caregivers in emergency departments and clinics on the frontlines of care in these five sites. We have interviewed 60,000 caregivers since 1998 to determine the impact of public policies on child health and development of real children.    Justin is one such real child. Hospitalized twice in his first 2 years of life for poor growth, I saw him in my clinic. He lives in the Mississippi Delta region of Arkansas with his parents and two siblings. The family drove over an hour each way to come see me. Justin's father works at a sawmill but his wages fluctuate. When he brings home less money in a month, the family is eligible for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, but with an uptick in his pay, they lose eligibility for SNAP and a crucial support for supporting Justin's and the whole family's health. The increased pay does not match the value of the SNAP benefit, and thus, Justin's health can fluctuate with his father's pay and his family's eligibility for SNAP.    Speaking of health, intuitively all of us in this room would probably guess that being hungry or food-insecure is not good for a young child like Justin. In fact, there is a wealth of scientific evidence demonstrating the hazard that food insecurity poses to health across the whole lifespan, starting in pregnancy and early childhood. Adequate nutrients are required to support healthy development, but food insecurity can compromise it. The USDA estimates that nearly 20 percent of all U.S. hospitals with children under 6 experienced food insecurity in 2014, reporting limited or uncertain availability of enough food for an active healthy life.    We know that household food insecurity increases the risk of developmental delays by approximately 70 percent in early childhood. More specifically, compared to food-secure children, food-insecure children are twice as likely to be in fair or poor health, and are 30 percent more likely to have been hospitalized after birth.    We have strong solutions to this grave national problem. The furthest-reaching of these is SNAP. It is truly a health intervention, helping to protect the health and well-being of those who participate in the program. For example, research has shown that SNAP lowers the risk of household and child food insecurity, reduces the risk of anemia, obesity, and poor health for children and adults, and lowers the risk of hospitalization for failure to thrive, and reports of child abuse or neglect. Moreover, it enhances intake of B vitamins, iron, calcium, and improves children's academic performance.    At Children's HealthWatch, we call SNAP a vaccine because, like a vaccine, it protects children's health now and in the future, and also has wider community benefits. Our research on families with young children has shown that SNAP significantly reduces food insecurity for the whole family, and importantly, reduces food insecurity among children. Children whose families receive SNAP, compared to those who are likely eligible but did not receive it, were also significantly less likely to have developmental delays and less likely to be underweight for their age. Families as a whole also were better able to make ends meet when they participated in SNAP. Those who participated were less likely to have had to choose between paying for medical care and paying for other basic needs like food, housing, or utilities. But like a vaccine, it is essential to be able to apply SNAP in the proper dose, and for the necessary course or length of time in order for it to have the maximum impact on children and families.    If you will allow me to make another child health connection here, food insecurity and hunger can be likened to a problem like asthma, which needs the right medicine when there is a breathing crisis and a different, long-term medicine when there--to keep another crisis at bay. It is certainly true that asthma is a big problem in the U.S., but hunger in America is an even bigger problem, and it is not easy to know who is food-insecure and who is not. I will come back to that idea in a second.    In order to manage asthma properly, so-called rescue medication is essential to deal with the immediate crisis because medicine is not enough as a long-term strategy. Food assistance for hungry children and families must be as robust on the long-term side via systemic programs such as school meals, summer feeding, WIC, in addition to the cornerstone that SNAP is. It is also dependent on the emergency food assistance networks across America.    As you might imagine, though it exists everywhere in the U.S., the severity of food insecurity differs by state, and rates can be very high in some states. Where I live in Arkansas, Children's HealthWatch research based on data from the caregivers in our emergency department shows that nearly one in four families with a child under the age of 4 in the home is food-insecure. This is against a backdrop of 27.7 percent of Arkansas households with children being food-insecure, and having the second highest overall rate of food insecurity in America. We highlighted these findings in a report titled Doctor's Orders, released this past spring. We also made note of the fact that food insecurity coexists with other household insecurities, as have previously been mentioned, like rent and utilities.    I mentioned earlier that food insecurity is often not easy to spot. That is why we developed a shortened version of the 18 item USDA screener, and validated what we call the Hunger Vital Sign. The Hunger Vital Sign emphasizes that just like blood pressure or weight, which a nurse checks at every visit, we can use this as a marker of food insecurity in the home. And, in fact, last week, the American Academy of Pediatrics released a statement, Promoting Food Security for All Children, that recommends the use of this Hunger Vital Sign by all pediatricians.    I thank you again for the invitation to provide this testimony.    Dr. Ochoa. Yes, thank you, Mr. McGovern.    As you mentioned, the SNAP benefit was more robust in 2013, and 2013 is when the Institute of Medicine issued its report saying that the SNAP benefit needed to go up. And so what we were able to see with our research in these five sites across the country was that when our up-boost was in effect there were much less hospitalizations and less developmental delay, better health, better height to weight for the children that we interviewed in our clinics and emergency rooms. And after the rollbacks when we reexamined the data, we found that families with young children were 23 percent more likely to be household food-insecure, and 17 percent more likely to be child that was food-insecure.    So in the face of having the better benefit and the better outcomes, that reversed rather quickly. So it is a troubling scenario, if you will, that under a more robust benefit as it was, just a little change in that can really have disastrous outcomes on child health.    Dr. Ochoa. Yes, thank you very much, Mr. Crawford.    As I mentioned in my testimony, we issued a report in the spring called Doctor's Orders, and I have some copies of these reports here with me today, because what we specifically tried to do at our institution was look at ways that we could help hungry families that were coming to us for care. I mentioned that we are the only pediatric hospital in the state, and so we interview people in our emergency room from all parts of the state, and we found that there were just as many people who were coming to the emergency department who were food-insecure, but interestingly enough, different from the other sites in our research network, more of our families were educated and had higher incomes. So even for people who had higher education and income levels, the rates of food insecurity, and particularly child food insecurity, were very high.    So we started looking at things that we could do at Children's to help the situation, and we have gotten into partnerships with both the State Health Department and the State Department of Human Services, and private organizations like the Arkansas Hunger Relief Alliance and the Arkansas Food Bank. So we are doing a variety of things. One is that we are training our people in the hospital who are financial counselors to help people with their Medicaid and their SNAP applications at the same time. DHS helped us a great deal with that. Second, DHS helped us apply to be a site for the summer meals program, and now we have extended that to all-year-round meals. And since we started those meals a couple of years ago, we have given away more than 40,000 free lunches to kids that are on our campus. We ask no questions. They can have their siblings get a lunch. So we give these lunches out every day of the week. We also have partnered with the Health Department to have a WIC office on our campus. So now for 1 day a week, we have a WIC office on our campus that can do eligibility determinations, and help people who are either getting discharged from the hospital or leaving our clinics. And I am sure a lot of those kids who are leaving from our hospital beds are going back to your district feeling better that they have gotten their WIC eligibility straightened out. And we have also partnered with the emergency food networks to have food available that we can give to families when they leave. So the partnership with the local food pantry, our residents can ask screening questions about food insecurity and provide those bags of food to families.    I am going to open a clinic in about a year under the Children's Hospital umbrella in southwest Little Rock where Latino and African American children are predominantly living in the city. And we are going to bake all this in, if you will, to the way we design the clinic. To do the Hunger Vital Sign, to ask about food insecurity, and to have things ready to intervene when we find those.    Dr. Ochoa. Well, there are a lot of complex, interlocking needs. Families don't just come with one issue. And when a child is sick, we see that there are a lot of things that are going on. It is not just about food, it is also about housing, it is also about income. We are working with other advocates in Arkansas to try to start a conversation about the EITC in Arkansas which is very important. We have to think about other things like childcare supports. I am glad that Dr. Ratcliffe mentioned that because if you have more moms who are working at low-wage jobs, if you don't have the childcare to help that backstop, it is really not going to be very helpful for that mom. So there are a lot of interlocking needs that we need to address and think about the holistic view of the child, but also know that hunger really marks the brains and the bodies of our children.    Dr. Ochoa. Yes, thank you. That is an excellent question. I think that benefit starts in the womb. So when moms are pregnant and they are on SNAP, our research shows that the children that are born to those moms do better. They do better developmentally, they have better birth weights, they are in the hospital less often. And so we not only see the benefit from SNAP beginning prior to birth, but then we see the benefits all through childhood.    A program like WIC is great, but WIC is part of the overall fabric of food support that these families need in poverty. So the SNAP benefit that impacts not just the child but the whole household is really important. And as I mentioned earlier, it lasts all through early childhood when brain formation is really at its critical point, and continues all through school and the workforce.    Dr. Ochoa. Well, our research shows that when children have an appropriate SNAP benefit and they are not in child food-insecure households, they do better. So we know there are less hospitalizations, there is less developmental delay. The developmental delays that I see in my clinics cost the system money because we are trying to catch those kids back up. It decreases the rate of pre-term births. There is just a whole host of scientific evidence that shows that SNAP is really a health benefit.    Dr. Ochoa. Yes, thank you, Mr. Aguilar.    The Hunger Vital Sign, as I mentioned, we distilled from the 18 question USDA food insecurity screener and we validated that in our Children's HealthWatch sites. And so we actually are piloting it at our institution, at Arkansas Children's Hospital, with our resident trainees and their pediatric continuity clinics where they see the same panel of patients over the course of their residency. And we have found in some preliminary data analyses that they are detecting food insecurity at a rate of about 23 percent, just like our research in our emergency department shows. So by advocating for the use of the Hunger Vital Sign, our academy, which represents well over 70,000 pediatricians across the country, and hundreds of thousands of pediatric trainees, is advocating for its routine use. I do know that in the State of Oregon, the Medicaid Program is looking at the Hunger Vital Sign as a performance measure, and that would be great to replicate in other State Medicaid Programs as a tool for how effectively we are addressing the social determinants of health.    I wanted to mention also that the kids that I see in my clinics are brought there by responsible parents who care for them, and they are bringing them to us to help. It would be a fantasy for me to try to treat some medical condition and completely ignore a hungry child or hungry family. So that is why the Hunger Vital Sign is so important because we are looking for other ways that we can support those families so that the health of their child is good, but the health of the household is even better. And it is our responsibility as pedestrians to figure that out.    Dr. Ochoa. Well, it can absolutely be taken to scale. I mean there are large health plans across the country like Kaiser. Kaiser is looking at the Hunger Vital Sign as well. But because Medicaid takes care of the majority of children in Arkansas, from birth through age 18, and when we expanded Medicaid for our adult population we also were able to have an impact on how we address social determinants for the low-income adult population. So I absolutely think that this can be taken to scale, along with some of the other interventions that we mention in our report, like the partnerships with the food pantries and trying to help with the SNAP application process. I think all those things working together can absolutely be taken to scale. There are hospitals across the country that have talked to us, from Louisiana to Ohio, about how we have done this. And I will say that a lot of what we have done, we have modeled after two large institutions in our network; Boston Medical Center and Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis.    Dr. Ochoa. It is a huge relief. We have families that have successfully navigated the SNAP application process, but for those who don't, we help them out in our clinic. Even at some point, we engage our medical legal partnership on our campus to help them navigate the SNAP application process because we think it is so important. And, there is nothing like the look on the face of a family when you send them home with a bag of food that can get them through the next 2 or 3 days until we can reconnect them to another food provider in their county or their city. It really takes that huge burden off the family, even if it is for 2 or 3 days.    Dr. Ochoa. Thank you, sir.    The Chairwoman. Well, I certainly want to say thank you to the panel for coming and sharing your expertise, and giving us information so we can continue to look at the challenges that are faced by kids as they try to break the cycle of poverty. And I would agree, based on the seven previous hearings that we have had, that no program is perfect and we can always do better. So I appreciate your contribution in making that happen today.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any question posed by a Member.    This hearing of the Subcommittee on Nutrition is adjourned.