    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Commissioner, could you define, as in the law, what law enforcement and National security interests of the United States are?    Mr. Duncan. Thank you.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you. I appreciate that.    Mr. Duncan. I want to go back to what Mrs. Miller was talking about. During the negotiations, there were proposed exemptions for journalists, relief workers, business and humanitarian travel, and they were rejected. It goes on to say, later, that the DHS, State Department, leadership staff, the White House, the exemptions for humanitarian travel were, once again, rejected, due to Members' concerns.    Ms. Johnson, are you aware of a State Department memo, ``VWP Waiver Recommendation Paper''?    Mr. Duncan. Internal memo?    Mr. Duncan. Okay.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to, without objection, I would like to submit this for the record and ask all the committee Members to actually read this at some point.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you.    Within that paper, it talks about law enforcement and National security interests. It also references a legal paper. So I am assuming that is a white paper within this white paper. Are you familiar with that legal paper?    Mr. Duncan. Has that been provided to this committee?    Mr. Duncan. Has any--Mr. Chairman, do you know if that----    Mr. Duncan. Okay. I would request that that legal paper be provided, because I think it is important.    This white paper, Visa VWP Waiver Recommendation Paper, says that there are no findings of fact or other determinations required to be made before exercise of the waiver authority.    Let's talk about this. Why does it state that? Why does it state that there are no findings of fact or other determining--determinations required to be made before the exercise of waive authority? Why does it say that in the State Department's white paper?    Mr. Duncan. It was shown very clearly by Mrs. Miller, and during the negotiations, that the intent of Congress, as the Chairman pointed out, was to not offer visa waivers to these classifications of people.    But, yet, the State Department will come out, after the law was signed, with an internal document that references another legal paper to say we are gonna allow business-related travel. We are gonna allow people from international and regional organizations, some national governments. We are gonna allow humanitarian, nongovernmental organizations.    We are gonna allow accredited journalists. We are gonna allow dual nationals who immigrated to--from Iran, after the revolution. We are gonna allow dual Iranian nationals who were born outside of Iran. We are gonna allow dual Iranian nationals traveling to the United States for business purposes.    We are gonna allow business-related travel to Iraq from these waiver countries. Congress, in the negotiations, said no, we are not going to give those exemptions. But the State Department now is saying, here is justification. Here is our rationale that we are gonna allow that to happen.    How does this kind of lawlessness happen in defiance of Congress? Explain that to me.    Mr. Duncan. If you read this, it, absolutely, looks like that is the intent of the State Department.    Mr. Duncan. I think it looks like a way to rationalize getting around the intent of Congress. That is what it looks to me. I believe if I share that with the American people, and it is on the record now, and ask the American people to look at it, they would come to the same conclusion. They would come to the same conclusion.    I mean, one of the questions that you are asking a business traveler from--that had gone to Iraq, after March 20--March 1, 2011, is this. Was your travel to Iraq after March 1, 2011? If the answer is yes, was the travel exclusively for business purposes? That is a pretty benign and open-ended question. If they answer, yes, it was exclusively for business, we are gonna probably grant you a visa waiver. Really?    I think the American people expect us to do a better job, before we allow folks, based on the intent of the law passed by Congress, before we allow folks to get a visa, to not have to get a visa and be waived from that to travel this country.    I think you are using this white paper to rationale that. I disagree with that.    Mr. Chairman, I would encourage everyone to really delve into this a little further, because I believe the administration is acting lawlessly, in this regard, because Congress said a certain thing. We negotiated with the White House along certain lines, and this seems to be violating that intent. With that, I yield back.