    Mr. Cooper. Chairwoman Walorski, Ranking Member McGovern, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you so much for this opportunity to bring you warm greetings from the great State of Texas, our Congressional delegation here, and our county government, and also our mayor, Ivy Taylor. I am pleased to represent the San Antonio Food Bank, which has a great staff who work diligently, and a wonderful board, with executives from companies like Valero Energy, and USAA, and even our World Champion San Antonio Spurs Greg Popovich. So just feel that love and support. We are, as a food bank, a member of a state association, Feeding Texas, where there are a little over 20 food banks that work within the boundaries of the State of Texas, and we are a part of a national network, Feeding America, where there are 200 food banks that work together to feed and serve more than 46 million people in need, which includes 12 million children and about seven million seniors.    The San Antonio Food Bank actually serves 16 counties of the great State of Texas, and within those 16 counties, we have about 530 different partner organizations. They provide food to about 58,000 people each week. And we basically frame our work into three different areas, food for today, food for tomorrow, and food for a lifetime. As clients are in need, that stress of being food-insecure, and being without food, they might call or come to the food bank. We want to meet that immediate need of hunger through a referral to one of our 530 different nonprofit organizations. We then want to have a conversation around food for tomorrow. And what we do there is help those families with application assistance in many Federal programs, to include SNAP, WIC, the Children's Health Insurance Program, Medicaid, TANF, and long-term care. In that process we are able to work with our state to determine eligibility, and we are then able to have a conversation around employment.    In our core belief, we believe that people should work according to their ability, and receive according to their need, and that opportunity for those individuals receiving assistance to take advantage of our workforce training opportunities there at the food bank, whether in culinary arts, or warehouse training, or just direct job placement, moves them to a place of self-sufficiency, and gives them the dollars that then they can make decisions on. And we have a very robust nutrition education program in that last tier of Food For A Lifetime, which is really about educating families on how to get the best nutrition for their dollar, and how to leverage their dollar to get the best nutrition. We were so privileged to be chosen as a FINI grant recipient, and we have launched a strategy working with our local Children's Hospital of San Antonio, and several clinics, and a major grocery retailer, H-E-B. And we have identified expecting mothers that are SNAP eligible that enter the program, and receive an incentive based on participating in a nutrition education curriculum that is orchestrated at the store level. Those individuals are taught how to shop a grocery store, and leverage the dollars that they have.    Time and time again we see the direct correlation between the poverty line and the waste line. San Antonio has high rates of diabetes, obesity, heart disease, and we believe in what Ranking Member McGovern's mother believed, that the apple a day does keep the doctor away, and that families struggle to get access to good, healthy food. And there are lots of barriers, whether that is income, or knowledge, or geography. The food bank is working to try to bring together the partners in public and private partnerships to try to remedy that.    It is humbling when we can provide the right food in the right amounts at the right time to someone that is hungry. When someone is in need--and we believe that hunger is a symptom of poverty, and people that are in poverty have lots of issues, but someone that is hungry just has one issue. And until we solve that one issue, it is tough to move folks forward to that place of self-sufficiency. So thank you so much for the opportunity to share just a few thoughts.    Mr. Cooper. Yes, Ranking Member McGovern. Yes, we would not be able to make up any ground when it comes to a SNAP cut, from a food bank perspective. All that we do to provide food to people, 40 percent of that is produce, but just a minor adjustment in a cut to SNAP would set us back, and we would not be able to recover.    I would like to add on to that that parable of give a man a fish, teach him how to fish, that if he doesn't know that you pack tuna fish sandwiches, he won't meet you at the dock, right? He can't. He would love to learn, but we all know a child can't learn when they are hungry, nor can an adult. And SNAP provides such nourishment that we can complement that. I share your views that it is not enough, and we need to be doing more to strengthen SNAP to adequately nourish those families in need.    Mr. Cooper. I was just going to comment, we suffer from that same irony, representing Crystal City, which is in Zavala County. It is known as the spinach capital of the world. Del Monte has a canning facility there, and Zavala County has one of the highest rates of childhood hunger in the U.S. So where food is grown, they lack access, so it is variety. That opportunity to provide that variety when transportation limits are in place is a challenge. And I totally agree with your comments around trying to create opportunities where people can get greater access.    Mr. Cooper. Well, thank you so much for the question. We are so privileged to actually facilitate six farmers' markets throughout our community and participate in the WIC Farmers' Market Program, and the Senior Farmers' Market Program. The challenge for some of our clients is that the markets might not be geographically close, and the affluence, the shoppers, and the price points. And so we really try to bring back that concept of a fruit stand. Making it more about agriculture, making it more about value, so that the clients are able to get the most produce for that investment. They don't feel like the dollars they spend are equal to retail, and that the quality is equivalent, and the local aspects, and organic, and those kind of things, they wouldn't utilize the benefits. And so we have really worked to kind of streamline bringing those markets to those communities.    And I am reminded of a woman that received a watermelon in our agricultural belt, the Winter Garden, a lot of watermelons are produced, and one of the farmers brought up a watermelon. And the mom broke open the watermelon and gave it to her kids. And the kids didn't really look like they liked it. And I was like, they don't like watermelon? And she said, well, they have never had it. And I am like, are you serious? They have never had watermelon? She said, well, I don't have a car, I have to take the bus. And a gallon of milk weighs 8 pounds, so it just seemed impossible to carry one of those home. And so that is where diet is impacted. That is where the variety of access is impacted, by these barriers that you wouldn't think of.    Mr. Cooper. Well, we have absolutely taken advantage of that opportunity, and applied for the grants, and have that technology available in our market.    Mr. Cooper. Anything to get those Raiders, right? There are a lot of barriers. It is complicated. I mean, you have to see if the market has enough customers that would demand the technology, and then try to run it efficiently. It doesn't make sense to have each farmer have a terminal. They usually have the ability to take cash very easily, or credit cards, using Square, their iPhone, or whatever. But it is the SNAP EBT benefit that you can have one terminal, and then have a token system, or a way to do the accounting.    Mr. Cooper. That is what we do. And we will provide that to any market. Some of our markets, there just isn't enough participation at the market to warrant it.    Mr. Cooper. She would go to the vendor, choose the produce, they would write up a ticket. They bring the ticket, we run the card, charge it for that amount, and then the customer would take that voucher back, showing that that has been paid. Then we reimburse the farmer at the end of the market for all of those SNAP sales that they incurred.