    Mr. Westmoreland. Thank you.    And thank you, Mr. Cordray, for being here. I represent a district that has a lot of really good, hardworking folks in it, and a lot of them live paycheck to paycheck. If you were me, what would you tell them if they came to you and said they had an emergency and they needed to get $50 or $100 for a week or 3 or 4 days, where would you tell--where would you advise them to go to get that kind of credit?    Mr. Westmoreland. You don't?    Mr. Westmoreland. You tell them what they can't do. And that is my point. I was in the building business. I have loaned people $20 or $50 or $100, they were coming to me because a child was hurt, a transmission was out, or they had to turn on their electricity.    Mr. Westmoreland. And I have seen in their eyes and it seems to me like the CFPB is trying to tell these folks that they don't have enough sense to be able to manage their own affairs. And you are trying to make rules that do away with payday lenders, pawnshops, and prepaid credit cards where people can have an overdraft protection so the card wouldn't be turned down if they are going into a drugstore to buy medicine for a child or whatever.    You say you don't advise them where they can go but you are trying to make it to where they can't go to these people that they have been dealing with for years. And a lot of their families have been dealing with these people for years.    So, I would like to hear what you want to tell these folks and then I can go tell them when their sources of these small dollar loans, maybe just for 2 or 3 days, maybe for a week, maybe for 2 weeks, I want you to tell me where to tell them to go because if they go to the bank to get a $50 loan for 2 days, the bank fees will be so high they wouldn't be able to get it even if the bank would consider loaning it to them.    So, if you could just tell me what you want me to do?    Mr. Westmoreland. You talk about making rules to keep them from rolling over. I am sure there will be rules about what percentage rate they can be charged. And you have to understand that most of these people are not banked. They are non-banked individuals.    Mr. Westmoreland. Okay.    Mr. Westmoreland. And so, if you have ever--have you ever loaned anybody any money?    Mr. Westmoreland. I am sure that all of them are banked.    Mr. Westmoreland. Have you ever had anybody--in my case, I would have somebody come and say hey, I need 50 bucks until Friday. And I knew--saw it in his eyes that he was going to get $50 and it was either me loaning the $50 and take a chance of getting it back Friday, or lose a saw or a generator or something of that nature. And so, I think when you are making these rules I hope that you will understand there are people who do use these types of ways to get credit and especially now that this prepaid credit card has come out then this an avenue that at least from what we have heard for people to allow their kids to have an allowance or college spending or whatever on the prepaid cards then they would much appreciate if there was just, say, a $15 overdraft fee rather than these people being denied credit at a time when they need it the most.    So with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.