    Ms. Owens. Thank you very much, Chairman Walberg, Mr. Pocan, and members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today on behalf of my organization, the National Employment Law Project, which engages in a number of activities designed to promote the interests and rights of low wage and unemployed workers.    The Obama administration has proposed or taken several executive regulatory and other agency actions essential to workers' ability to earn decent wages, meet responsibilities on the job and at home, and work in safe, healthy, and non-discriminatory workplaces. These actions have been thoughtful, informed, fair and balanced, and consistent with legal authority and legal responsibilities to further underlying workforce policy goals.    Far from causing harm, they make it more likely that we will rebuild the economy on a foundation of good jobs and safe and healthy workplaces.    Regulatory and related action by the Obama administration is extremely important. Wages for most workers have fallen over most of the last four decades, even as worker productivity grew, and the average age and education of the workforce rose. The Great Recession exacerbated these trends, particularly for low wage workers.    During the period of limited congressional action on workforce policy, administration action is a vital response to the wage crisis. It also better aligns workforce policy with today's economy and its evolving business and employment practices and family needs.    Several actions update old standards that because they have not been adjusted regularly neither meet the needs of today's workers nor serve employers effectively.    Contrary to arguments that workforce regulations are burdensome and costly job killers, analyses of regulations over a multi-year period find their benefits vastly exceed costs, while cost estimates typically fail to consider mitigating savings, and actual costs often turn out to be significantly lower than estimated.    Less than three-tenths of 1 percent of employers initiating mass layoffs in 2012 said government regulation was their layoff reason, affecting only five of every 2,000 laid-off employees.    A 2014 analysis of 10 proposed or final public health and safety rules, including OSHA's proposed silica rule, concluded they would save 10,000 lives, prevent 300,000 cases of occupational illness or injury, and yield a net overall benefit of as much as $122 billion. Frankly, 69 months of record uninterrupted job growth along with cutting the unemployment rate in half is wholly inconsistent with the notion that a regulatory onslaught has damaged the economy or cost us jobs.    In the face of extreme inequality, stagnant and declining wages, and inadequate labor markets, the Obama administration has acted judiciously and lawfully to help ensure that Americans who work for a living will make a decent living from work in safe, healthy, and non-discriminatory workplaces.    I will now briefly describe a couple of these initiatives. The Labor Department moved to revitalize the Fair Labor Standards Act and strengthen the middle class this July, when after a period of substantial outreach and sustained deliberation it proposed a rule updating the so-called ``white collar exemption'' to the overtime pay requirement.    Recognizing that the existing poverty level threshold of $23,660 is far too low, the Department proposed to lift it to a far more realistic level of $50,440. This change will benefit as many as 11 million workers and restore overtime protections to 44 percent of the white collar workforce. This is still below the historic standard, but definitely an improvement.    The Department also acted importantly and appropriately in 2013 when 16 years after first listing revision of the silica standard on its regulatory agenda, OSHA proposed a new protective regulation.    Disease and deaths from silica exposure are preventable, yet more workers died from silicosis and silica related diseases in 2013 than from explosions or from being caught in or crushed by collapsing materials, running equipment, or machinery.    These as well as other regulations and actions we discussed in our written testimony, including extension of minimum wage and overtime protections to the home care workforce, are important actions within the constitutional and statutory authorities of the President, the Labor Department, and the EEOC, in response to some of today's workforce challenges and crises.    By improving wages and working conditions for tens of millions of workers, the administration's actions will strengthen American working families and help achieve a healthier and more robust economy in which all who contribute to its success have a shot at sharing fairly in its prosperity.    Thank you. I would welcome any questions.    Ms. Owens. Sure. I have had a similar experience, although I seem too old for this to be true, the reality is I am one of the sandwich generation, and I had a child I was raising. At the same time, my mother had advanced dementia. We had home care workers. She always wanted to be in the home, and we wanted her to be, so we had home care workers.    We paid good wages, and we reported their earnings and complied with the law. I would never have done anything differently for my mother. I have to say caring for my mother was much harder than caring for my daughter, because my daughter grew up, and my mother just got worse.    The reality is this is a vital job. None of us, I dare say, could do it very well. It requires patience. It requires compassion. It requires a certain level of skill. It requires a certain level of strength. It is a job that has changed dramatically since the 1970s when the Labor Department first exempted the job from minimum wage and overtime protections.    It now is a profession. It is one of the fastest growing jobs in our economy, and one of the two jobs that will add the most net jobs over the next 10 jobs.    Here is an irony. If these people, most of whom are women and women of color and many are immigrant women, if these women were working in nursing homes or public institutions, they would get minimum wage and overtime pay. Because they have worked in the home, which actually is better care and less costly care, and what all of us want for our loved ones, they have not been entitled to minimum wage and overtime pay. That is just wrong.    The Labor Department's extension of these protections, which the D.C. Circuit has upheld, is not only fully consistent with the Department's statutory authority, it is good public policy that we all ought to applaud.    Ms. Owens. I think that is absolutely right. I guess I would like to start by also picking up on Ms. Stefanik's question. The reality is wages have been declining for the last 40 years. There was some exacerbation of that during the recession and recovery particularly for workers at the bottom, but that was not because of regulation, it was because it was the worse economy we have had since the 1930s.    Even employers that were doing well were taking advantage of that economy to bargain hard for concessions from their employees in unionized places. We had many more college students who could only get jobs that were low wage jobs.    There really was a race to the bottom in terms of driving down wages. Certainly, our experience is that in the low wage sector, the phenomenon you referenced is very real, that companies and contractors put wages in competition, and the way they compete for contracts is by driving down the wages of their workers.    These are not workers who have much bargaining power, they are not usually Union members. The only protection they have is from law or regulation. That is precisely why in this environment it is so important that the administration has acted appropriately with respect to regulation because frankly, nothing else was cutting it for workers, and they needed administrative action to raise their wages, to be able to step out of the working class into the middle class, and for middle class families to feel secure that through their work, they would have economic security and economic opportunity.    Ms. Owens. That is absolutely right.    Ms. Owens. I would. Thank you very much. You know, it is pretty stunning that still today 13 American workers are killed on the job every single day. That is amazing. I thought the jury verdict in the Massey case was great, but the maximum penalty he will get is one year in prison, if he gets that.    There is no way to replace the lives lost through dirty, dangerous, unsafe working conditions. My written testimony cites a study that was done by researchers at Berkeley and Harvard that actually looked at what the injury rate was and what employer costs were following OSHA inspections that found that employers were following standards, and that study found that injury rates were lower, employer costs were lower when employers were following standards.    There is no question that there is a beneficial impact in terms of lives saved. The silica rule is estimated, if it is finalized in its proposed form, to save 700 lives a year. We cannot put a price tag on that. That is of incomparable value, and that is why we need to update these regulations.    Ms. Owens. Thank you, Mr. Takano. I have been doing work in this field for 30 some odd years, and the reality is every single time a piece of legislation is introduced or a regulation is proposed, the response from industry is that it is going to kill jobs, it is going to lead to exorbitant costs, it is going to depress wages. That was the response in 1964 when--I was not around then--when the Civil Rights Act employment protections were extended to women and people of color. The 1963 Equal Pay Act. The Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978.    The reality is these doomsday prophecies just have not come true. It is true that when other things are going on in the economy that are depressing consumption, that has an impact on jobs, and that is what happened during the great recession and the slow recovery.    The reality is we have not seen significant job loss associated with updating basic standards like the overtime standards. I am glad you pointed out how infrequently that has happened over the past 70 some odd years. It is one of the reasons that overtime protections used to cover more than 60 percent of the white collar workforce, and today, only cover 8 percent. That just makes no sense at all.    Ms. Owens. Sure. They did a report that was certainly not supportive of the overtime regulations, but I do not remember the specific data right now, they analyzed what they thought some of the impacts would be. Some of the impacts--they said it is not true that everyone will get higher wages because the overtime threshold is increased.    That means a lot of people who are being forced to work overtime hours for less than $24,000 a year will no longer be required to work unpaid overtime. They will have more time with their families, more time to take a second job if that is what they want, more time to go back to school, whatever.    It is not the case that everybody affected will necessarily get a pay increase, but fewer people will be working longer hours for no pay at all, and one of the things the National Retail Federation estimated is that something north of 100,000 jobs are likely to be created because employers will find that it is more cost effective to hire some additional workers than to pay overtime to existing workers. That is also okay.    That is the purpose of the overtime law, one of the fundamental purposes, to spread work around. If it works that way, that is what it is supposed to do.    Ms. Owens. Exactly.