    Mr. Murphy. Well, good afternoon. I now convene this hearing of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, entitled, ``Understanding the Cyber Threat and Implications for the 21st Century Economy.'' This is the first in a series of hearings by this committee focused on cyberspace, the Internet, and the challenges and opportunities that they present for the 21st century economy.    These are big, important issues, so it is imperative that we establish a clear understanding of the issues we face. So today we are going to do something a little different. We are not here to examine a specific cybersecurity incident, policy issue, or legislative proposal. Today we are going to take a step back and explore some fundamental questions with our experts. Such things as what is the breadth and depth of the cyber threats? Is it something that can be solved? And what does this mean for the future?    In 1969, computers at four universities connected to the ARPANET, thus proving a computer networking concept that evolved into what we now know as the Internet. Since its inception, the Internet has been an open platform, designed to facilitate the transfer of data and information between remotely located computing resources. It doesn't discriminate against any network or device, nor the transmission of the data. It is merely a conduit for information. This open architecture, end-to-end system design is what makes the Internet such a benefit to society. It provides endless possibilities for innovation. It gives any individual with an Internet connection an opportunity to share their opinion with the world, and to access a nearly infinite amount of information. It has revolutionized the way we conduct business, interact socially, learn, and consume information, be it true or false. As a result, the Internet fostered widespread development and adoption of computing and communications technologies, collectively known as information technologies. Today, we depend on these technologies for everything from social interaction to home security, the operation of critical services like power plants and the electric grid. This integration of the Internet and information technologies into nearly every aspect of modern life has created the virtual world commonly known as cyberspace.    The Internet's strength, however, is also its weakness. It is by nature an open system with many interconnections, creating multiple opportunities for disruption. Likewise, information technologies are inherently complex systems, increasing the probability of ingrained vulnerabilities. As a result, the same technological and cultural factors that facilitate real-time global interaction, rapid innovation, and freedom of expression empower malicious actors to thrive and create risk in cyberspace.    The challenge arises from the fact that cyberspace creates an asymmetric imbalance that strongly favors malicious actors. Anyone, from an individual to a nation state, can target a victim halfway around the world at minimal cost and with little risk of being caught. Because the cost of failure and the consequences of crime are minimal, the threat evolves rapidly. In contrast, the costs of defense, as well as potential consequences, are significant. Because this asymmetric threat is rooted in the fundamental structure of the Internet and information technology, there is no way to solve cybersecurity without undermining the benefits of the cyberspace. There is no silver bullet or technological solution. While we certainly can do more toimprove the security of cyberspace, these decisions require a thoughtful cost benefit analysis. How will a potential security measure affect the cost or convenience of a product? How will it affect the pace of innovation? What will it mean for privacy or civil liberties? Cyberspace is no longer a place that we visit; it is the place where we live. Ten years ago, smartphones were a novelty, in fact, the iPhone didn't even exist. Today, mobile devices serve as a credit card, they can track our health, unlock our homes, start our vehicles, and document our daily travels. A pacifier can monitor your infant's temperature and send that information directly to your computer or mobile device. Through what is known as the Internet of things, we have connected kitchen appliances, you can start dinner from the office, check social media accounts from your grill, or know when you are low on milk.    Cyberspace is, and will increasingly be, the economic engine of the 21st century economy, and at the same time as the Internet and information technology become increasingly entwined in our daily routines, cyberspace becomes a limitless and adaptive attack surface. The security challenges will be more diverse and harder to predict, and the consequences will be more severe. We may not be able to secure cyberspace, but it is our collective responsibility to understand the threat in order to minimize its effect on our privacy, civil liberties, national security, and economic prosperity. We should embrace this unique opportunity this hearing presents, not to debate data breach legislation or other specific policy issues, but to listen.    We are privileged to have an impressive panel of experts who can help us understand the challenges of cybersecurity in context. In particular, I want to recognize Dr. Shannon from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, home to the Nation's first computer emergency response team. The Pittsburgh region boasts some of the Nation's foremost experts in the field of cybersecurity, and I am pleased to have one of those experts, Dr. Shannon, joining us here today.    Mr. Murphy. I will now recognize the ranking member of the O&I Subcommittee, Ms. DeGette of Colorado, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentlelady yields back.    Now recognize the vice chair of the full committee, Mrs. Blackburn of Tennessee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank the gentleman.    And now I turn to Mr. Pallone for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. All right, thank you. Thank you.    We are expecting votes from between 2:15 and 2:45, so we will move quickly through these questions. 2:45, 3:15? All right, 2:45, 3:15, so we should have plenty of time.    So now let me introduce the witnesses on the panel for today's hearing. First, Dr. Herbert Lin, Senior Research Scholar for Cyber Policy and Security at the Center for International Security and Cooperation, a Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institute in Stanford University, his research relates broadly to policy-related dimensions of cybersecurity and cyberspace, and particularly interested and is knowledgeable about the use of offensive operations, cyberspace, especially instruments of national policy. Welcome here, Dr. Lin.    Next, Dr. Richard Bejtlich. I say that right?    Mr. Murphy. Good. Is the chief security strategist at FireEye, Incorporated, and was Mandiant's chief security officer when FireEye was acquired by Mandiant in 2013. In this role, he empowers policymakers, international leaders, global customers, and concerned citizens to understand and mitigate digital risks through strategic security programs.    Our third panelist is Dr. Greg Shannon, Chief Scientist for the CERT Program at the Software Engineering Institute at the Carnegie Mellon University. In this role, he is responsible for working with the director and SEI leadership to plan, develop, and implement research strategies, initiatives, and programs that further the mission of CERT and SEI, as well as developing, conveying, and executing innovative ideas for the Nation's cybersecurity research agendas. In addition, he was recently named chair of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Cybersecurity Initiative.    I will now swear in the witnesses. As you all are aware, the committee is holding an investigative hearing, and when doing so, has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have objections to testifying under oath? Seeing no objections, the chair then advises you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee, you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel during your testimony today? And they have all indicated no. In that case, would you please rise and raise your right hand, I will swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. All the witnesses answered in the affirmative. So you are now under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title XVIII, section 1001 of the United States Code. We will recognize you each for a 5-minute summary. The rules are press the button on the mic, pull it close to you. Watch for the red light, that means your time is up.    Dr. Lin, you may begin.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now our next witness, go ahead, 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now, Dr. Shannon, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I thank all the panelists for their testimony. And now I am going to recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    So we have heard a lot about the nature of cyber threats and cybersecurity. We heard it is very asymmetric, it favors those who wish to misbehave in cyberspace, and defenders have to spend a great deal of time and money and very complex systems all at once. So this is a question for any of you. Can this asymmetric imbalance be corrected to favor defenders instead of attackers? Any of you want to weigh in on that? Dr. Lin?    Mr. Murphy. Anyone else want to weigh in on that before I go on to my next question?    Mr. Murphy. So let me jump onto that and, Dr. Shannon, maybe you could follow this. So are there opportunities that we can increase the cost for the bad guys in doing business, so we can do some technical things, which you just described Apple does, but are there other things, perhaps legal or technological solutions that we can take steps on?    Mr. Murphy. Let me jump onto a different part here. So let us talk about the Internet of things. We are going to have all these things controlling parts of our lives, from running our dishwasher to opening and closing garage doors, turning the heat on and off, tracking where we are, finding where our kids are, is it possible to keep pace with these threats, and let alone increase the cost of attackers, as we are talking about here, to malicious actors? Dr. Lin, can you weigh in on that?    Mr. Murphy. So that becomes something we can work on in Congress.    Mr. Murphy. OK. Let me ask one more question in my brief amount of time. Dr. Shannon, you referred to the importance of trust and trustworthy things. We want to be able to trust so many things that we are involved, with interstate commerce, with energy, telecommunications, all the things within the jurisdiction of this committee. So let me go back here, if we were to redesign, if the Internet was starting up today, how would we design it differently to take care to have that trust, still have something that is accessible, but is secure?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette, you are recognized for 5 minutes. My time is up.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. They have called a vote, early as it is. So what we are going to--no, I guess it is on time. So what we are going to do is take a break. Don't go far because as soon as Members come back--I know Mr. McKinley ran so he will beat me back, so we can just continue on as soon as we get back here and have a chair. So don't wonder far, we will be right back. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Now recognize Mr. Collins for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Gentleman yields back.    Now recognize Mr. Green of Texas for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I know Mr. Mullin was on his way, but that may be it for the hearing. I really want to thank you. This is valuable information, and let me--do you have any final closing comments you want to make? First, Ms. DeGette.    Mr. Murphy. I thank you. And we will probably be calling upon your expertise. We thank you for taking time out, and for the caliber of this. We will be dealing with a number of serious issues in this committee. Dr. Burgess is on this subcommittee, he is also chairman of Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade legislation risk committee, but also Mr. Walden is chairman of Communications and Technology, we have the Energy and Power Committee, they have the Health and Subcommittee, all of these things here will be dealing with some multiple levels. The way I like to review it is we have the dot-coms, the dot-mils, the dot-govs, the dot-orgs, the dot-edus. Have I left anything out? We have to do what the committee--the dot-Greens, the dot-Tex, whatever. But thank you so much for this. To that end, I ask unanimous consent that the Members' written opening statements be introduced into the record. So without objection, the documents will be entered into the record, including the one that you have, Dr. Lin.    And in conclusion, I want to thank all the witnesses and Members that participated in today's hearing. I remind Members they have 10 business days to submit questions to the record, and I ask that all witnesses agree to respond promptly to the questions. Thank you so much.    And with that, this committee is adjourned.