    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I gather that the genesis of this legislation and this hearing are all about grid reliability. We have had numbers of meetings here and hearings about grid reliability, and this is one way to do it, either hydro or gas, to be able to expedite that. There is a study, I know, done by the University of Minnesota that talks about the concern for grid reliability because they say in the Midwest annually we have about 92 minutes per year that we lose power, and you in the Northeast and in New England the average is 214 minutes are lost annually, as compared to Japan, Japan only has 4 minutes a year in grid reliability. So my concern is, with a lot of these regulations that are being imposed on us, is that things like the EIA has come out and said that if we continue on with this, we are going to lose 25 percent of our coal-fired generating capacity within the next couple of years. The PJM came out with a report in 2014 that said after the polar vortex, that we came within 500 megawatts for 5 minutes; 700 megawatts for an hour, that we came that close to having a massive power shortage in America. And that compliments what FERC's Commissioner Moeller came out and he said that we had better be concerned about this because we are going to have more blackouts, rolling brownouts in the Midwest by 2017 if we don't do something.    So my question to you, Ms. Miles, is--and thank you--you have been with the FERC now for 30 years. I understand you joined in 1985, so you have seen quite a change perhaps within the group. Do you think that there is a real grasp of this situation of where we could be faced with brownouts? Do you think--was Moeller correct that should be concerned about this by the next 2 years, if we continue with these regulations that we are going to have shortages?    Ms. Miles. I can't speak to reliability issues. That is not a part of my purview. I can speak to the issues that are here on the bills that are before us today, and that my office does which--with making sure that we do the best we can under the statutes that we have to provide a process that is as efficient and provides opportunity for everyone to comment and to address the issues.    Mr. McKinley. Do you think--but under your purview, do you have--are you concerned about brownouts?    Ms. Miles. As I said, that is not a part of my responsibility.    Mr. McKinley. So you have no opinion at all on whether or not brownouts could occur in this country?    Ms. Miles. My responsibility----    Mr. McKinley. OK, I guess that may or may not be under your control, but our concern is we are building back on this grid reliability that we have had so many hearings about. This is a positive aspect coming out of this legislation that we are going to be able to provide more. If coal is going to be diminished in its use, at least we ought to be able to come back with hydro and gas. And when we have had roundtable meetings back in northern West Virginia, that is the biggest concern we hear from the drillers. They can't get their gas to market. So I am hoping that this legislation can be advanced so that we can get the power to the Northeast, we can get the power to the east coast so we can have LNG. So I am very concerned that FERC seems to be perhaps slowing things down a little bit. And I just want to be sure, because that is what you were saying, you don't know anything about brownouts, but unfortunately, I hope that you can go back and ask some other members of FERC what these--if I have misunderstood something, but I think we are facing some real concerns in this country if we don't get legislation like this adopted so that we can avoid the brownouts and help our industry.    Ms. Miles. I want to make clear that I believe that a--good parts of these legislation that are going to--toward the intent of making sure that the FERC process is efficient and timely are important.    Mr. McKinley. Sounds like a great answer in Washington, doesn't it?    I yield back the time.