    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is good to have the testimony in front of us today. I guess I would offer a point of personal advertising. My SES bill seems to have more pertinence all the time of trying to deal with concerns that go on.    Dr. King, I just want to ask you a direct question, and other questioners kind of waltzed all around it, but the direct question I want to ask you is do you have faith that Dr. Harris can effectively lead the OCIO?    Mr. Walberg. You have clear faith, certain faith that he can lead?    Mr. Walberg. Well, it is important for me to know because the Department of Education, in its oversight capacity over national education issues--and brought up the fact that Dr. Harris has been involved with Detroit school system in trying to turn a failing school system around, a system that needs to be turned around for the benefit of its students, the families, and the city at large.    It is a requirement for any type of growth economically or otherwise in a community as important as Detroit to have a school system that we have confidence in. And so when we have leadership coming from the Department of Education and we have people from the Department that are working in a consulting, advisory, leadership, whatever aspect of trying to turn schools around like that, it is important that integrity reigns and that confidence is there. And so that is why I wanted to hear your answer. You said you have complete confidence, faith that Mr. Harris can carry on his duties.    Let me ask you then, since you began directly receiving reports of findings from the IG as early as March 23, 2015, have you personally talked to OCIO staff to better understand the culture there to try and improve things for the staff but also the effectiveness of the organization?    Mr. Walberg. What specific steps are you taking to improve the morale at the very least?    Mr. Walberg. Specific steps.    Mr. Walberg. And I wish you well. During the committee's November hearing, Dr. Harris, under my questioning, could not answer my questions during the testimony specifically in the area of risk rating and the facts/figures that were there and the contracting issues. Regarding information that he certifies on the Federal IT dashboard, do you have confidence in Dr. Harris to provide accurate information to the dashboard?    Mr. Walberg. Well, I again wish you well on that. We expect to see that in action. It is very concerning that we set in a place of great responsibility with records, with backgrounds, Social Security numbers, information on families as well as students, and there is an expressed concern that we have all sorts of reason because of the lack of integrity, of credibility, and now, more importantly, ultimately no consequences except counseling.    I think I have said probably enough. I yield back the balance of my time.