    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us, and thanks for your service to our Nation. I want to begin by laying out what I think the landscape is today in acquisition in the United States military. We look at our adversaries, and we look at how they can deliver systems, how they can deliver innovation and creation through new technology, and they start out with a blank sheet of paper, with no impediments. When we start out, we have a bureaucratic structure that starts out with a paper full of noes. No, you can't do this. No, you can't do that. You can do it this way, but you can't do it that way. And when we end up in that environment, things become risk-averse. No failure is accepted. And that is a fault not only within DOD but also here on the congressional side, and we stifle the innovation and creation that we need in order to keep up with our adversaries because they don't have those impediments.    We operate in a structure today where the nirvana is to become a program of record. Instead of saying no, the nirvana needs to be to get technology to the warfighter as quickly as possible. So we are lacking innovation and creation and getting it there in a timely manner. The question then becomes, is how do we make that happen? We have all talked a lot about process here, and process is important, but let's not forget the purveyors of process. That is people. How do we empower people to make decisions, to not be so risk-averse that they say, ``Listen, it is better for me not to make a decision than it is to make a decision where there is a risk or where there is a mistake that is made'' and we quickly correct that mistake? How do we empower people to make sure that they are on both ends accountable and we give them the authority to say either say, ``No, this isn't working, let's take a different direction,'' or, ``Yes, this is working,'' or we see something out there off the shelf that we can immediately put in the hands of the warfighter to make them more successful? I would love to get your perspective on, how do we go through that empowerment process to create accountability and authority in the hands of those people that are making things happen?    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Duckworth.