    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, the President's stated policy is to take our strength from 10,800 troops in Afghanistan down to 5,000 troops by the end of 2015. In your best professional military judgment, is that the right end strength at the end of 2015?    General Campbell. Sir, it is about 5,500, half of--somewhere around 5,500 by the end of December, and again, the options that I provided I think provide flexibility both for President Ghani and as the commander on the ground to take a look at force protection and how to get after the train, advise, and assist.    Mr. Bridenstine. In 2014 the Afghan security forces lost over 20,000 personnel to desertions and deaths. Does that concern you?    General Campbell. Sir, the numbers, again, as I talked about, if you put it in the context then I think we are working processes and procedures to make sure that that doesn't have a great impact. As I said up front, it hasn't had a severe impact on their readiness.    Any desertion, any casualty, of course that will--would concern me. It concerns their leadership. It concerns the President.    But I think, again, it is about having processes in place to bring those people on board, to keep them in. And it really isn't about the combat casualties. That is a fraction of it.    But the--a lot of the desertion piece is on leadership and making sure that, you know, people are looking at them and saying, ``Are they getting paid? Do they have the right living conditions?''    Mr. Bridenstine. In your judgment, is there a correlation between our drawdown, cutting our troops by half, and their desertions?    General Campbell. Sir, I haven't looked at that hard but my gut would tell me no.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    On page 16 of your testimony you discuss the Islamic State. As the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, you suggest that ISIS is your priority--is one of your priority intelligence requirements.    Can you share with this panel--ISIS? What is going on with ISIS in Afghanistan now that makes it a priority intelligence requirement?    General Campbell. Thanks for the question.    So, you know, PIR, or priority intelligence requirement, I have several of those; that is not my only PIR. And so as we took a look at--and talking to President Ghani, as we kind of did a deep dive with all of the security agencies and the intel agencies inside of Afghanistan to look at what they were doing, I said I need to learn more about this, and one way to do that is to make it a PIR for my intel folks.    So as we go through a number of things that we take a look at it, as we allocate resources from ISR platforms, other things, because it is a PIR it will get more--a better look at it and provide me more continued updates on that.    And that is why I did that, because again, concern for President Ghani, concern for me. Could grow very rapidly. Again, at this state the term that has been out there is ``nascent.'' It is a nascent organization.    But again, as we talked about, it grew very quickly in Iraq and Syria. They have the potential to jump over different stages and build a network, and we want to make sure that we are looking at that very hard. So making it PIR just gives me a little bit better visibility on it.    Mr. Bridenstine. Press reports in early February indicate that Mullah Abdul Rauf was killed in Afghanistan in a drone strike. The Washington Post called Rauf a figure actively recruiting for ISIS in Afghanistan, specifically Helmand, where coalition troops withdrew in October.    Can you confirm these reports? This was in The Washington Post.    General Campbell. Yes, sir. It has been in a lot of the media. Mullah Rauf Khadim was designated as a deputy emir of Daesh, or ISIL, inside of Afghanistan, the emir of what they call the Khorasan, which is Pakistan, Afghanistan, in that area. Was actually a TTP from Pakistan, so this was the guy that said, hey, I am the deputy emir, and----    Mr. Bridenstine. I have got 1 minute left, so I have a few more questions about this, General----    General Campbell. Answer is yes on----    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. Okay. You are aware.    So when you think about Rauf, he was a Taliban commander. He was detained at GTMO , released. We turned him over to the Afghan detention facility where he escaped and he became a recruiter for ISIS. Are you aware of all this?    General Campbell. Sir, I am aware he is from GTMO, that he was underneath Afghan control. I don't know any details on the escape at all.    Mr. Bridenstine. As we look at the NDAA coming forward here, we have got to make decisions about GTMO in the NDAA. Does it concern you that our troops in Afghanistan are fighting the same enemy twice?    General Campbell. Sir, it concerns me that they are fighting any enemy. If it is once or twice I would have the same concern, absolutely, but----    Mr. Bridenstine. In your best military judgment, is closing GTMO at this time, knowing that 30 percent of the people are going back into the war, is that good or bad judgment?    General Campbell. Sir, that is a policy question and I am a military guy. You know, I don't want to get drug into that policy.    What I would tell you is I--what I want to make sure I have the ability to do is if people are going to come back into Afghanistan, that I have the ability to make sure I am comfortable with the assurances that Afghanistan, or whatever country makes when they release people and turn them over to another country, that I have the ability to make sure I understand what assurances we have that these people will not attack coalition forces again. So I want to make sure I am tied into that as we move forward.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Veasey.