    Mr. Thompson.--several decades. But even then, we still remember how uncomfortable it was to walk into the local IGA. And so I appreciate those types of innovations. Thank you.    The Chairwoman. The chair recognizes Congressman Ashford, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, Madam Chair. This is really exciting stuff. And I know we are similar to Kentucky in some ways, we are a rural state, Nebraska, and we have an urban area in Omaha. Last fall we had a conference sponsored by former Lieutenant Governor Maxine Moul from Nebraska, who is the USDA Rural Development ag person in the state. It was very, very, very well attended by both rural and urban people. These grants that have been handed out are really creative, and, looking through them, what a great program for the country.    I have a question--and thank you, Dr. Hesterman, for your leadership in getting this started. Someone has to get it started, I guess, and you did, so it is really great work. I had spent a number of years running a housing authority in Omaha, and it is a public housing authority, with residents living throughout the community, and in public housing as well, but in scatter site housing. Obviously many of the residents qualified for SNAP. And I have asked this before when we have discussed these programs generally, I would ask Dr. Wright. In Lexington, which is a beautiful city, by the way. In Lexington, how about the housing authorities there? Was that part of your partnership initiative?    Mr. Ashford. That is, obviously, an area with so many opportunities with this in Nebraska, and apparently we don't have a grant up to this point, but I sure am going to encourage our people in Nebraska to look at this. I know transportation is an issue with housing authorities, but, at least where we are, we have attempted to create at least urban gardens around housing authority facilities. That doesn't, in and of itself, create the SNAP option, but it does heighten the awareness of the need for nutrition. And, obviously, our school nutrition programs and all those go together. But the point that was made as well about everybody must be at the table is clearly the case.    So I don't really have any other questions, other than just to really applaud this, applaud the Committee. This is the kind of stuff that really makes a difference. And I know working with that population at Omaha Housing Authority, we were always looking for self-sufficiency programs, always looking for ways to address, certainly, nutrition, and job self-sufficiency, and so forth and so on.    And the last point I would make is that what I also found was that the more we could break down the barriers between the agencies, like HUD, for example, and USDA, and that sort of thing, the better we are. And the way to break those barriers down is to have an actual concrete program that works. You can then sort of work through those barriers and nutrition. Obviously, we don't want to cut SNAP benefits, but we get into that discussion, and then back and forth. But, these kinds of discussions, where we are thinking of ways to break those barriers down between housing and nutrition and education, are significant. I am just amazed at how successful this is. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Ashford. Sure.    Mr. Ashford. Yes, it is brilliant. Thank you.    The Chairwoman. Ms. Plaskett, you are recognized for 5 minutes.