    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Chairman and Ranking Member, for holding this hearing. It is very important.    I represent the Eighth District of New Jersey, which has Hoboken and some other areas--Jersey City--which got hit very hard by Sandy. And if I learned anything about our infrastructure, it is how unprepared we were for a storm or anything else. And there is plenty of blame to go around. Everybody always points to the Federal Government, but in reality the States could do a lot of things and the locals could do a lot of things and the power companies could do a lot of things.    I always think of the example--and I gave this once before to the chairman as an example--there was a generator in the flood zone. And the power company was protecting it with a chain link fence. So when it flooded, obviously, the chain link fence did not hold the water back. So what I am trying to get at is these are the kind of simple things that we can do to protect, you know, this particular transformer.    The other thing was in terms of the gas station. You were talking about--I mean we have plenty of gas, quite frankly, but they couldn't pump it. So a simple thing like a small generator to just move the pump and move the gas from the--you know, from the containers to the people, I mean, would it suffice? So when I say to you that everybody has shares of blame in this, I just hope that we have come from Sandy far enough to learn some of these mistakes and we are correcting them.    So, Honorable Fugate, would you please tell me that we have come a long way from where we were?    Mr. Sires. I also think that we have to be prepared post-Sandy or post--because one of the issues--we still have problems in New Jersey where people are still out of their homes years later. And to me that is really unacceptable, 2 or 3 years later, that we have these issues where people with the insurance or with the valuation of the property--I mean somehow we have to be prepared for some of these things because it impacts real people.    Mr. Sires. I am not just putting the blame on you, I am also putting the blame on, you know, the locals and the State, that we should be prepared for any of these storms or whatever we have.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.