    Chairman Royce. This hearing will come to order. There is a vote in progress. So my intention here is to begin the hearing, and then we will suspend for the duration of the votes and allow the other members of the committee to come forward. But in this fashion, myself and Congressman Poe can make our opening statements, and maybe some of the other members will be able to as well.    This hearing is on the future of U.S.-Pakistan relations. The committee has repeatedly urged Pakistan to take meaningful action against key Islamist terrorist groups operating within its territory. Unfortunately, Pakistan, which is now home to the world's fastest growing nuclear weapons program, has remained a fount of radical Islamist thought. It was no surprise that one of the San Bernardino attackers, Tafsheen Malik, studied at a Pakistani school spreading a particularly fundamentalist message.    Looking back, the 9/11 terrorist attacks transformed the U.S.-Pakistan relations overnight. After more than a decade under sanctions for its nuclear proliferation, Pakistan was to be a key ally in combatting Islamist militancy, becoming a leading recipient of U.S. aid in the nearly 15 years since.    But while the U.S. was quick to embrace Pakistan, Pakistan has hardly reciprocated. Pakistani Governments have come and gone, but its northwestern frontier has remained a terrorist haven. With its security services supporting what it considers to be good Islamist terrorist groups, these good groups--under Pakistan's calculus--destabilize Afghanistan and threaten neighboring India while the government simultaneously opposes what it considers the bad Islamist groups.    Today Deobandi schools create an infrastructure of hate. Six-hundred Deobandi madrassas, funded with Gulf state money, teach intolerant, hate-filled rhetoric that inspires the foot soldiers of jihadist terrorism. I have made three trips to Islamabad to press this issue. Pakistan must do the work to register schools and close those creating new generations of radicals, and those are the schools that are being funded with Gulf state money, the Deobandi schools, and they need to be closed.    Meanwhile, Pakistan's nuclear arsenal is on a track to be the third largest. Its addition of small tactical nuclear weapons in recent years is even more troubling. This is a country which spends a fifth of its budget on the military, from long-range missiles to F-16s, but under 2.5 percent on education.    Through all of the double dealing, U.S. policy has essentially stood still. Security assistance--cash and arms--has continued to flow after the occasional temporary delays. Indeed, despite some Department of Defense assistance for Pakistan being held because of inadequate efforts against the Haqqani Network, the State Department is currently seeking more arms for Islamabad.    Pakistan itself has been devastated by terrorism with thousands, over 2,000, of its soldiers killed, thousands and thousands of its citizens killed, in terrorist attacks. Today we recognize the year anniversary of a horrific attack on a school in Peshawar that killed over 100 children. We want a strong partnership with the country, but a new policy is long overdue. One option, as Ranking Member Engel and I proposed earlier this year, would be to target those officials who maintain relationships with designated terrorist groups with travel and financial sanctions. This would make it clear: The U.S. and Pakistan cannot have a true strategic partnership until Pakistan security services cuts ties with terrorist organizations.    Recently, senior U.S. officials--including National Security Adviser Susan Rice and Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken--have traveled to Islamabad reportedly to press on the Pakistani Government. We look forward to hearing from our witness today whether there is reason for hope or if our policy is stuck in the same rut.    And I now will turn to Mr. Ted Poe of Texas and Mr. Dana Rohrabacher of California for their opening statements.    Mr. Poe.    Chairman Royce. Okay.    And I now yield time to Mr. Dana Rohrabacher of California.    Chairman Royce. Without objection.    Chairman Royce. We have four votes on the floor, so we will recess the hearing and return for witness testimony and questions after those four votes.    And we appreciate the patience of our witness and those in attendance, and for now, we stand in recess.    Chairman Royce . Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. I am going to return to points that I made in my opening statement. I was absent for a while. We had three bills debated on the House floor that our committee put out, including the legislation authored by myself and Eliot Engel on targeting Hezbollah, and several other cosponsors here, like Mr. Sherman, that we will be voting on this afternoon. But if I could return to some of the points that I made. I opened with this observation about the Deobandi schools in Pakistan. Now, there are 600 of these specifically that I am concerned with that over the years we have tried to convince the government to shutter, shut them down. They are funded primarily by the Gulf states, by individuals, by families in the Gulf states who make these charitable contributions as they are called. But the problem is that the graduates out of these schools basically have a foundation in radical ideology. So we have the National Action Plan that has been set up by the government. I asked the Congressional Research Service about that particular plan. And they say nearly 1 year later, there remains limited evidence that the government's National Action Plan has brought major policy changes. So I wanted to ask you about that, ask you, Ambassador, about your dialogue with the government about shutting these down so that we shut down the foundation from which this radicalization is occurring. Many of those young people that come out of that experience will go on to become clerics either in Pakistan or elsewhere. And they will continue to expand on this radical jihadist ideology that is advanced in, that comes out of the Gulf states that is now being taught.    Chairman Royce. But this isn't rocket science. We are not talking about all madrassas. We are talking about the Deobandi schools. As the Dawn editorial, the newspaper Dawn, said: Branding all madrassas as incubators of hate and violence is wrong. But there is little doubt that there still exists across Pakistan religious centers that continue to spew hate. And unless that infrastructure of hate is shut down, Pakistan will never win its struggle for internal peace. That is the issue. We have the list of the 600 schools. I have made three trips, as I have indicated, to try to convince the government to shut those down. We have had little success in convincing families in the Gulf states not to send their money there or convincing those governments in the Gulf states not to fund this. This is a phenomenon that, frankly, is so frustrating because what we see is the failure of the government time and time again to address issues that are in that government's own best interest. And this, to me, given the knowledge about what goes on in those 600 schools, is the most obvious and vexing problem that is right in front of us. What do people in the government say about that issue?    Chairman Royce. We are talking past each other. I am not talking about all the madrassas that provide a free education. I am talking about the 600 that you and I know are in this particular line of ideological radicalization. And on that issue, clearly, given the amount of money that is spent toward education in the budget, which is about 2.4 percent that actually goes toward education, I understand, I mean, this is one of the debates here in terms of the F-16s and other military hardware is, wouldn't Pakistan be better served addressing this issue of shutting down these 600 schools? And if they do it, you know, funding public education there for individuals, for families as an alternative for their sons to go to those schools in this case instead of the lads going to schools where you and I suspect the final outcome is going to be like a lot of others that were radicalized in those Deobandi schools.    Chairman Royce. My time has expired.    But without objection, I am going to ask unanimous consent that Representative Sheila Jackson Lee be next in terms of asking any questions. She is not on the committee, but she wanted to participate today.    So, without objection, we will go to Representative Sheila Jackson Lee from Texas.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. We now go to Mr. Eliot Engel of New York.    Chairman Royce. And I believe Mr. Higgins had an additional question or two.    Chairman Royce. Well, Ambassador, let me--I am going to yield time to Mr. Brad Sherman of California for an additional question.    Chairman Royce. If I might interject here, I am aware that Ambassador Olson has to appear on the Senate side, and I am aware that----    Chairman Royce. Regardless of our feelings on this, he might interpret it differently, and so maybe that is a longer discussion that we might have either in writing or sit down with him.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    And just in closing, I did want to bring up the remarks that Mr. Engel made about your predecessor, Ambassador Olson, in your job, Ambassador Richard Holbrooke. He was a personal friend to myself and Eliot Engel, and I know certainly from the day that he began engaging with this committee, I remember the Dayton Peace Accords and the work he did on Bosnia and Kosovo with Eliot Engel and others, with those of us here. We counted him as someone who had very wise counsel on a lot of issues. We miss him. I can't help but feel when I reflect upon your predecessor that the stress of the job may have had something to do with his heart giving out.    We wish you, Ambassador, well in your responsibilities here, and we appreciate your time and patience today. I know that you are on your way to the Senate, so I will just say what you have heard are some deep concerns from both sides of the aisle here today about the direction, this issue about getting more money into public education in Pakistan. It is clear to us that this has got to be a priority. Members are frustrated.    You have a difficult job, but you have the full backing from us to weigh in forcefully with the responsibilities you have in your position.    So, with that said, we thank you again, and we stand adjourned.