    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Commissioner Koskinen, since you are the commissioner of the IRS, I have some tax questions for you. Since 1976, Commissioner, every Democratic and Republican candidate for president--every one--has released his personal tax returns. And releasing tax returns provides voters with important background information of the candidate's contributions to his community, how he may operate his business.    And I just would like to confirm a few things that we might know if we had access to the candidate's tax returns. Releasing a tax return can demonstrate how much a person pays in taxes. Is that correct?    Mr. Deutch. And would it also tell us how much a person gives to charity?    Mr. Deutch. Would it give us some indication into a person's assets or investments?    Mr. Deutch. If they produced a lot of income, we could draw some conclusions about the amount of the assets?    Mr. Deutch. Yeah. And would it confirm how the person has chosen to try to reduce his tax liability?    Mr. Deutch. Right. If we had the tax return, would it provide information on how a person receives his income? Right?    Mr. Deutch. Right. And we may, if we had the access to the tax returns, have some indication how the person finances his real estate transactions?    Mr. Deutch. We would have some. Right, we would have some, as opposed to none.    And is it correct that a lot of this information we would be able to glean right from the first couple of pages a person's 1040 and schedule A?    Mr. Deutch. Right. But if--well, let me just--let me go on. As you are aware, the current Republican nominee for President, Donald Trump, has repeatedly said that he is unable to release his tax returns because he is under audit by the IRS. He said, ``When the audit is complete, I will release my returns. I don't have a problem with it. It doesn't matter.''    So I just have a few questions about that. Under current law, the IRS is prohibited from disclosing a person's tax returns, right?    Mr. Deutch. But current law doesn't prevent a person from releasing his own tax returns?    Mr. Deutch. And how long can an audit go on?    Mr. Deutch. And a person's not prohibited from releasing their tax returns while they are under audit, are they?    Mr. Deutch. Advised by the IRS not to?    Mr. Deutch. Okay. And, in fact, Richard Nixon released his tax returns while he was being audited by the IRS. Is there anything in the law that prohibits a person from releasing his tax returns during an audit?    Mr. Deutch. Does the IRS--well, let me ask another question. Would releasing the person's tax return during the audit in any way impact that pending audit of the return?    Mr. Deutch. Yes.    Mr. Deutch. I understand. Right. That is the concern. I understand. We understand that that is the concern.    Does the IRS send a letter to a person informing him that he is being audited by the IRS?    Mr. Deutch. Commissioner Koskinen, is there any law or regulation that prevents a person from publicly disclosing the letter from the IRS that tells them that they are being audited?    Mr. Deutch. Releasing tax returns, as we have just been discussing, provides transparency. It is being reported also on the front page of today's Washington Post that the Trump Foundation spent more than a quarter of a million dollars to settle lawsuits that were filed against his business. Just a few remaining questions there.    Is it illegal for the head of a nonprofit to use money from the charity to benefit himself or his business?    Mr. Deutch. Okay. Is it also illegal for a nonprofit group to make political gifts such as the Trump Foundation's $25,000 contribution to the Florida attorney general's reelection campaign?    Mr. Deutch. Right.    Mr. Deutch. Right. Commissioner Koskinen, we shouldn't have to ask you to talk about Donald Trump's tax returns. We should be free to talk about those tax returns, because as you have told us, there is simply no reason that he has not shared them with us; he has not been prohibited from sharing them with us; and, in fact, there is no rule that says that he can't at least provide the audit notice so that we can have some small piece of information that might help us.    You are right. We can't learn everything there is to learn about his finances from his tax return, but it sure would be an important start for the American people. And I appreciate your being here to help clear some of that up.    And I yield back the balance of my time.