    Mr. Moniz. Thank you, Chairmen Upton and Whitfield, Ranking Members Pallone and Rush, and members of the subcommittee. I really appreciate the opportunity to be back with you again to discuss the budget.    Mr. Moniz. It says it is on. Closer? Then I can't read. OK. The fiscal year 2017 budget request, as you said, totals $32.5 billion, up from the $29.6 billion in the fiscal year 2016 appropriation. However, I want to break it up into 2 pieces.    The request for annual appropriations is $30.2 billion, an increase of $.6 billion or 2 percent above the fiscal year 2016 enacted appropriation. In fact, both the National Security and the domestic appropriations requests are for 2 percent increases. And certainly this is part of the President's budget that satisfies the budget caps. Now, this is supplemented by a request totaling $2.3 billion in new mandatory spending authority. It includes $750 million for R&D within that, and $674 million for uranium enrichment D&D to which I will return.    Just briefly turning to the major mission areas, the first, Building the Future Through Science and Energy, this total is $11.3 billion in discretionary funding and $1.6 in new mandatory. The principal driver for our science and energy budget increase is Mission Innovation. And I will return to this in more detail.    The second general mission area, ensuring nuclear security, the fiscal year 2017 budget request for the National Nuclear Security Administration is for a 3 percent increase, supporting our broad programmatic objectives of maintaining the stockpile without testing now and well into the future, reducing the threat of nuclear proliferation, including support for implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and proposing a major shift in our plutonium disposition strategy. And, finally, supporting the safe and reliable operation of our nuclear Navy.    Our third major mission area is organizing, managing, and modernizing the Department to better achieve its enduring missions. The fiscal year 2017 budget request provides $6.8 billion for these activities, including $6.1 for the Office of Environmental Management. That includes $5.45 in appropriations and $674 million in mandatory spending from the USEC Fund.    The $1.6 billion USEC Fund is an existing, not new, mandatory spending account. And our proposal is in keeping with the spirit of the current authorization that revenues from the beneficiaries of past uranium enrichment services, rather than taxpayers at large, be used to pay the cost of D&D of the now shuttered facilities. And, indeed, Congress recognized in 2000 the applicability of the USEC Fund to Portsmouth and Paducah     The USEC Fund is, in fact, one of three funds that total nearly $5 billion that can be used in this manner. Finally, in this introduction, I want to acknowledge that underpinning all of these priorities is stewardship of the Department as a science and technology powerhouse for the American people, the American economy, with an unparalleled network of 17 national laboratories harnessing innovation to successfully address national security, boost manufacturing competitiveness, mitigate and adapt to climate change, and enhance energy security. And we are working very hard to strengthen the strategic relationship between the Department and our national laboratory network.    I will also mention that starting last year, we highlighted cross-cutting R&D initiatives in the budget. Among these, in this year's request, our largest increases are for grid modernization and for the energy-water nexus initiative. The supporting budget details are provided in the 40-page statement for the record that I asked be inserted into the record. And I will use the rest of my time to describe Mission Innovation in a bit more detail.    The fiscal year 2017 budget includes an increase of 21 percent for clean energy R&D, in the discretionary accounts, supporting the U.S. Mission Innovation pledge. Mission Innovation is an unprecedented global initiative by 20 countries that have pledged to seek to double, public clean energy, research and development over 5 years. The countries represent over 80 percent of global Government investment in clean energy R&D. So this initiative entails a highly leveraged situation for increasing R&D.    Mission Innovation is long overdue. In 2010, the American Energy Innovation Council, a group comprised of CEOs of major American companies from multiple sectors, recommended that the Government triple its investment in clean energy R&D. The council made three key points: Innovation is the essence of America's strength, public investment is critical to generating the discoveries and inventions that form the basis of disruptive energy technologies, and, third, the cost of RD&D are tiny compared with the benefits.    The pledge to seek to double the level of Government investment over 5 years is ambitious but needed. As was mentioned, Bill Gates, who was a leader of the AEIC, has recently met with a number of Members of Congress and has reiterated the need for greatly increased Government-sponsored energy R&D. The objective is to greatly expand the suite of investable opportunities, so opportunities for the investment sector, in clean energy to support economic growth and competitiveness, energy security, clean and affordable energy access, and enabling us and others to meet our environmental goals.    I want to emphasize the scope of Mission Innovation. It spans the entire innovation cycle, from the earliest stage of invention, through initial demonstration, with a weighting towards the earlier stages. It includes all clean energy technologies, renewables, efficiency, nuclear, coal with carbon capture, and enablers, such as the 21st century grid.    It is complemented by another leveraging opportunity, the Breakthrough Energy Coalition, a parallel initiative, launched simultaneously, spearheaded by Bill Gates, including 28 investors from 10 countries, putting billions of dollars on the table, to invest in the new technologies originating from the expanded innovation pipeline in the Mission Innovation countries.    These investors are prepared to be unusually risk tolerant, patient in getting their returns--they talk as long as 20 years in the energy business--and are prepared to take the most promising technologies end to end, of past values of debt, all the way to the marketplace.    I would just single out what was already mentioned, the $110 million to establish regional clean energy innovation partnerships as not-for-profit consortia, competitively selected, to manage regional clean energy R&D programs focused on the energy needs, policies, resources, and markets of different regions of our country. The program design and portfolio composition for each partnership will be based on our regional priorities and set regionally. As research portfolio managers, not performers, the partnerships will link the resources and capabilities across universities, industry, innovators, investors, and other regional leaders to accelerate the innovation process and, frankly, to help develop the innovation ecosystems in different regions.    This approach tracks recommendations from the National Research Council's ``Rising to the Challenge,'' which noted that until very recently U.S. Federal agencies have done little to support State and regional innovation cluster initiatives and recommended that, quote, regional innovation cluster initiatives by State and local organizations should be assessed and, where appropriate, be provided with greater funding and expanded geographically.    I will just conclude in saying the Mission Innovation budget proposal also supports increased investments in successful, ongoing innovation programs, such as ARPA-E, Energy Frontier Research Centers, Advanced Manufacturing Centers, Bioenergy Centers, Advanced Transportation Technologies, Advanced Nuclear Reactor Technologies, Next Generation Carbon Capture Technologies, and more.    With that, I will conclude my summary. I thank the subcommittee for its interest and support of our programs and look forward to our discussion. Thank you.    Mr. Moniz. And post primary day.    Mr. Moniz. I am not free to discuss, you know, internal administration discussions.    Mr. Moniz. No, but, I mean, the processes that go on involving presidential decisions are confined in the administration.    Mr. Moniz. Well, the same response applies, I am afraid.    Mr. Moniz. I would just put this in the context, if I may, of the transportation bill discussions that took part at the end of last year. And, of course, it is very good that we got at least a transportation bill for some years. But just to note that I think we all recognize, and had many discussions with Chairman Upton that funding our transportation infrastructure is something that is always there. It is a structural issue we need to address. And given that there has not even been an inflation correction to the traditional support for that fund for a quarter century, all I am saying is we need some kind of structural solution which the Congress will have to re-address now in a few years.    Mr. Moniz. Well, again, the extent to which the result is a greatly strengthened infrastructure means that our whole economy will be able to function more efficiently. That was the whole motivation in the end for both security and economy for the highway fund in the first place.    Mr. Moniz. In fact, our overall cyber program, I will have to get the numbers assembled, is going up. Cybersecurity is a huge focus area for us. It appears in multiple places both in our national security side and our grid side. Frankly, one of the first things I did when I came to the Department was establish a cross-cutting cyber council.    Our Deputy Secretary chairs a group with the utilities that meets I think 3 times a year. Cybersecurity is a major focus. We have given security clearances to select members of that utility community to share information. We are doing multiple exercises with the community. So cyber is actually a major focus area. I think maybe we will have to organize a few pieces together. And we would be happy to come and talk with you.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, I have many questions and few moments. So I would appreciate it if your staff would follow up with my office with specific details on some of the programs and initiatives that you and I have been engaged on.    I would like for them to provide an update on the progress being made with the research labs in terms of their outreach and diversification initiatives. And I would like to see them focus on contracting and vending opportunities at the Argonne National Laboratory and at the Fermi National Laboratory, as well as any other labs you might, that you think might be significant.    I also would like for you to forward information regarding diversity plans in terms of laboratory leadership, hiring practices, as well as providing internships and outreach programs to 10 and 12 schools and minority-serving higher education institutions.    And, finally, I would like to get more information on the minority internship program so that I and others on this committee can ensure that this program is being continually strengthened well within the next administration, regardless of who might or might not be in the White House.    Mr. Secretary, can you speak to the subcommittee on the importance of continuing the work of the MIE initiative, regardless of what administration is in office? And also what type of impact might the 21st Century Workforce Bill have on the many institutions with its focus on minorities, women, veterans, and displaced coal workers on the energy industry and on those targeted communities as well as on the U.S. economy as a whole?    Mr. Moniz. Thank you, Mr. Rush. Actually, if I may, first, Mr. Olson, just note that I believe our cyber cross-cut total budget is $333 million proposed, which is an increase over fiscal year 2016. But we can provide that t.    So if I may go back to the question, first of all, thank you, of course, for your constant support in all of our efforts. If I may mention a few things: Well, first of all, continuing the Minorities in Energy Program, I certainly hope that is something that the next administration does. I think we are gaining traction. I think it is absolutely critical. In fact, as you said, it is minorities in energy, women in energy. It is addressing the jobs opportunities and challenges we have. Veterans, displaced workers, like in coal country, these are all part of our focus area.    Minorities in Energy, I think, is making great progress. In fact, today, as part of that, actually right now, this week, is My Brother's Keeper week at the laboratories. We have 11 laboratories working on that. I might say the lab directors in terms of diversity have really stepped up. It took a little bit of a nudge, but they have really stepped up.    Sixteen out of the seventeen physically attended a full workshop in terms of diversity, with professionals coming in to help, how to go there. And also we think very important is transparency. Some of the labs are posting their employee composition, women and minorities. Sometimes they don't look so good yet. Argonne, for example, is about 15 percent women and 10 percent minorities. Berkeley is about double that in both categories. But I think this idea, this transparency means there is a real commitment to understand where we are and to improve it.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Secretary, I only have a few minutes--a few seconds left. Would you address the relationship between the coal workers in Appalachia and the urban displaced and out-of-work workers in districts like mine? Because there seems to be a straight line between displaced coal workers in Appalachia and the south side of Chicago and other urban districts. How do you view that relationship?    Mr. Moniz. I have to say, I don't know the numbers. I don't know quantitatively, although that is a very interesting question. But I can imagine, frankly, there has been a historical pattern of that type in terms of outflow, for example, to major urban centers like Chicago when there have been job losses, job challenges elsewhere.    We are trying to address I would say on both sides, for example, in Chicago specifically, the work of Argonne Laboratory in opening up to minority contractors, et cetera, I think is important.    In coal, the POWER Plus Plan has many, many components where we are trying to help. It is not only DOE, of course, this is administration-wide, Department of Labor, et cetera, providing training opportunities, looking at new economic opportunities. In fact, I would mention, and this is of direct relevance to Kentucky, for example, we formed 2 years ago a jobs strategy council because of the whole dynamic issue of jobs in the energy sector. We are proposing in the fiscal year 2017 budget, that that become, very modestly funded, but become an office, a budget line to establish a function in the Department that is specifically looking at jobs and pulling it together.    Mr. Moniz. Yes, particularly for the moly-99 issue, which is the important one, there are three programs that we are supporting with three different technologies. One of them, SHINE, is an accelerator that will use low enriched uranium. General Atomics is developing a technology. And a company called NorthStar Medical Radioisotopes is developing pathways through neutron capture, et cetera. The NorthStar schedule is to go to first production in October of this year. I think General Atomics is looking to 2018. And SHINE is looking to the beginning of 2019. So, over the next 3 years, we should have three different companies coming on with moly-99.    Mr. Moniz. I certainly will, absolutely. If I may just say----    Mr. Moniz. Excuse me?    Mr. Moniz. The answer is yes. Could I add to the yes?    Mr. Moniz. I just want to note that I would recommend that you might take a look at the letter I wrote to the Congress at the beginning of the Mies-Augustine report, where I spell out very, very clearly our posture with regard to the overarching recommendation of the Mies-Augustine report. And I think that gives you the flavor of the assistance that I would be happy to provide.    Mr. Moniz. And, again, I am happy to provide as much technical assistance as possible to both Chambers.    Mr. Moniz. That is a very sophisticated question and challenging. I think the issue is that their primary recommendation, as you said, after evaluating different governance models, to look at the reintegration pathway, was, to be perfectly honest, the opposite of what many thought was going to be the recommendation. Upon looking at it, they found that there were two problems, which I think we are working to overcome, but, you know, in terms of the long term, it might need a congressional look. One is management inefficiencies. But probably most important is the role of a Cabinet member in representing that mission at the highest levels. And I do serve on the nuclear national security subgroup of the National Security Council, for example.    So what they found was that I think an unintended consequence of the legislation is that, to be perfectly honest, the Armed Services Committees do not spend as much time, shall we say, with the Secretary anymore. So I think that is really the point. By the way, I should say the President has appointed four people, frankly--me; Deputy Secretary Sherwood-Randall; General Klotz, NNSA Administrator; and Madelyn Creedon, the Deputy, the four leadership positions--with substantial national security experience. But the question is, What is going to happen over time? And that is where I would certainly invite the discussion.    Mr. Moniz. We will always cooperate with Congress and the     Mr. Moniz. I don't know exactly the situation of that contract that you are referring to. I would have to get back to you for the record.    Mr. Moniz. Yes, sir.    Mr. Moniz. Yes. I am aware of it.    Mr. Moniz. Historically. Historically, to start with.    Mr. Moniz. No, I was not aware of that.    Mr. Moniz. Well----    Mr. Moniz. Well, obviously, I wasn't involved in the selection. But there was a competition. There were a number of proposals. And the scientific review team felt that this was scientifically a very good place. And, of course, we are now working in terms of another location that is appropriate.    Mr. Moniz. Well, as I said, it is actually in the contract that if for any reason the site is unavailable, that we will have another site. And that work has been going on now since the initial problems----    Mr. Moniz. Chairman, may I respond? It is a very important point.    Mr. Moniz. First of all, as we have said before, we are following the law. But I want to specifically address----    Mr. Moniz. And that is why we don't have the interim storage site.    Mr. Moniz. Well, may I just focus on the----    Mr. Moniz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I will just respond narrowly to the North Dakota borehole. That's all I was responding to. I want to emphasize that the statement that this somehow is not consistent with a consent-based approach does not apply. This is not a nuclear facility. This is a scientific experiment which clearly may have, depending upon results and where analysis goes, may have implications as a useful high-level waste disposal approach. It also may be useful for engineered geothermal systems. This is a science experiment. It did not have any consent-based process. And we never do that for grants for science experiments. So it is apples and oranges.    Mr. Moniz. No.    Mr. Moniz. Well, we are still, certainly in terms of the large tokamak approaches, we are still quite some ways away. The ITER project, which is at a critical point--we need to have a report to Congress on May 2--it has new leadership, by the way, which has really, I think, improved dramatically the project. But even with their new plan, they are talking about first plasma at the earliest in 2025, but deuterium-tritium only into the 2030s. So that is just even to begin on the big ITER experiment. Domestically, we are continuing the work at Princeton and in San Diego. The MIT program shuts down this fiscal year, which accounts for some of the decrease in the budget.    Now, what is interesting is how in nuclear, both fission and fusion, there is a lot of innovation going on in the private sector, including in California. I cannot guess when this might become commercially feasible. But there is a lot of both building major demonstrations, like ITER, like what is going on in Germany, Princeton, California, but also with novel concepts.    Mr. Moniz. I am sorry, and another thing is our ARPA-E program, which takes risky technologies, also issued grants last year to novel fusion ideas that would operate in some intermediate density range, which we can come and discuss with you if you would like.    Mr. Moniz. Yes. Well, this is one of--our two biggest increases, I said earlier, for our crosscutting activities are grid modernization and energy-water. The energy-water, we are proposing roughly a tripling of the budget. We think the more you look at it, the more important it becomes. And it would be very wide-ranging, everything from competing for a new desalination hub to research and system analysis for things like wastewater treatment and the like. So it would be a pretty comprehensive program. The last thing I will just say on that is I don't know if this will materialize, but just 2 weeks ago, when Minister Steinitz was here from Israel, where they are very advanced in managing water, we are talking about the possibility of strong collaboration there.    Mr. Moniz. Great.    Mr. Moniz. Absolutely. And I would note some good news, actually. There are three major projects, a megaton of CO<INF>2</INF> per year scale, one that we have helped support in the United States. One is in Texas. It is Air Products. So these are industrial facilities. That has been operating for 3 years. The second one in Illinois, ADM, that probably will start within a month. And third is a coal project, coal power plant in Texas, again, Petra Nova, which will start probably in a year or so, maybe a bit less. So those are all going forward.    Also, I want to emphasize: In the budget, we also propose new smallish scale pilot plants to look at novel technologies like oxy combustion and chemical looping. And we also are reproposing to the Congress what would ultimately be about a $5 billion set of tax incentives for carbon capture and sequestration.    Mr. Moniz. First of all, of course, we would be delighted to help with assistance on your draft. With the NRC, there are several things. One is, I should say, this is not advanced--and this is not for novel reactors, but we have from the beginning had NRC directly engaged in our nuclear simulation hub at Oak Ridge, because in the end, the products of that will be very important for licensing of at least evolutionary new technologies. In terms of alternatives, we have a workshop coming up--I believe coming up, or maybe it already happened--with NRC in terms of more advanced non-light water reactor technologies. We are funding two companies, company-led consortia: one to develop pebble bed reactors and one to develop molten salt reactors. We are in very strong communication with NRC, because I think you put your finger on something that is critically important. If they are not involved early on in the work, then the regulatory process could go on much, much longer.    Mr. Moniz. That is one budget line. As I said earlier, if you actually look at our cyber cross-cut, I have to say, it is not a major increase, but we do have an increase proposed for our cyber cross-cut. We are working in the technology space, but we are also carrying out a number of other activities with the energy infrastructure people, with the heads of utilities.    Mr. Moniz. Perhaps we could come by and have some people come to your office and describe that in detail. But, for example, the Deputy Secretary, again, convenes regularly a group specifically on energy infrastructure protection. Cyber is a big part of that. I can say it involves people like Tom Kuhn, the head of EEI. On the private utility side, the chair of that now is Tom Fanning, the head of Southern Company. And there are quite a few others. And they are engaged in table top exercises that we run. Because they have been given some clearances, they are briefed on some cyber attacks and what are best practices to try to avoid that. The fact is, I mean, you know, cross your fingers, obviously, the intensity of cyber attacks on U.S. energy infrastructure is certainly increasing year by year. So far, we have not had a major hit. But we have seen in other parts of the world, there have been some pretty serious cyber hits. And so we are always looking into those. Frankly, we had a team in Ukraine after their incident, analyzing that and sharing that with our utility leaders, for example.    Mr. Moniz. We could say more in a different context.    Mr. Moniz. We are, too.    Mr. Moniz. Well, thank you, and by the way, I will be in Iowa in the beginning of May.    Mr. Moniz. That will be great.    There are many directions in wind that remain very, very interesting for development. I will come to the distributed, but I would also note that a report last year noted how really pushing to higher hub heights could be a major--open up major resources. Of course, there is the offshore wind that we are still working to try to get costs down. There are really more unusual options, like ARPA-E funded something called a flying wind turbine, which would go to a thousand feet. But distributed wind, I completely agree with you, has been kind of sometimes lost in the shuffle. And I think part of it is also one is not never quite clear what one is talking about with distributed wind.    Mr. Moniz. Should it be defined in terms of scale of the wind, or is it just where it happens? It could be a large wind turbine that happens to be close to the load. So I think it is pretty complicated. I believe this year, in fiscal year 2017, we do continue distributed wind. It is at a modest scale; it is $4.5 million or something like that, but something we would be happy to discuss more with you.    Mr. Moniz. I am having a hard time hearing you.    Mr. Moniz. No. I have answered that in the past, and the answer is the same, that we will continue with the GOGO arrangement.    Mr. Moniz. Well, first of all, of course, I completely agree with your focus on energy efficiency as critical. That is a given. And by the way, I would say that, with India, you are certainly correct; India is not pursuing CCS. But China actually is.    Mr. Moniz. Well, I will be there in a couple weeks, and I will check in. The last time we met with them, which was recently, they said the opposite. OK.    Whatever the case, in terms of our program, obviously, look, our main focus at DOE is in the kind of the technology development and RDD&D with the long-term view, preparing options for the future. We don't make, in the end, the marketplace choices.    Mr. Moniz. I am sorry; where is Longview?    Mr. Moniz. No, is it in West Virginia?    Mr. Moniz. What I have said is, I would definitely like to get to West Virginia.    Mr. Moniz. Congressman, I would like to go to West Virginia, and we will work on the itinerary.    Mr. Moniz. But I would just add, if I may, I won't go into detail, but we do have a bunch of R&D going on that is quite relevant to higher efficiency coal plants: supercritical CO<INF>2</INF> cycles, advanced materials that you need to go to higher temperatures and the like. We can discuss that.    Mr. Moniz. We can discuss that. But we have a substantial increase in the supercritical CO<INF>2</INF>    cycle, for example.    Mr. Moniz. Yes. Well, overall, if you look over the last years, we are doing quite well in CO<INF>2</INF>. This last year, we did have a little bit of an increase. Low oil prices had something of an effect. But, overall, we would say we are still on track for being about 17 percent lower CO<INF>2</INF> in 2020 relative to 2005, which was the first target for us to hit. So that is going on, but it will mean continuing to push. In fact, following on Mr. McKinley's question, certainly on the demand side, the efficiency side will be absolutely critical for maintaining the momentum.    Internationally, I think if you look at the major emitters, of course, the EU as a whole is making tremendous progress. China is the largest individual emitter, and they are making progress as well. And, of course, they have also announced--we will see what the implementation plan is--but they have announced a cap-and-trade system to put into place, actually I think later on this year or maybe next year.    So I think countries are taking this quite seriously. In fact, I would argue that the progress made in Paris was enabled by things like the U.S.-China announcement. But they had impact only because both countries were actually walking the talk.    Mr. Moniz. Absolutely. Again, I would just reiterate what you implied, the Supreme Court ruling was simply a stay; it was not a judgment, obviously, on the plan. And we feel pretty confident about it. But independent of that, it is not uniform, but many States and utilities are continuing with their planning for implementation because, frankly--and look, much of industry is acting already in the conviction that there will be increasing constraints on carbon emissions. In fact, for years, some of the major companies have included that in their capital planning because, you know, they commit capital for a long time. What they would like to get is some assurances, some stability, and then--they know how to run a successful business if you just give them the rules.    Mr. Moniz. Well, maybe the best thing is just to use an example of the kind of thing that we have in mind here. And I will use ARPA-E--and by the way, for all the members, the ARPA-E summit is going on an as we speak out at the Gaylord Nelson Convention Center. And I invite all of you to go out there and see really neat technologies. But we just announced the new performance results of ARPA-E. And of the first roughly 200 projects that were funded, roughly a quarter have received $1.25 billion of private sector funding. Another quarter has received follow-on Government funding and not only from DOE but DOD. Thirty-six companies have been formed. There are 9 or 10 products out there already in the marketplace in a program that has only been operating essentially 5 years.    The last round of proposals, the so-called open call in 2015, was very successful in terms of the projects funded. The trouble was it was just barely over 2 percent of the applicants. We are leaving a lot of innovation on the table. And so with the formation of these clean markets--and again, look, one can argue for or against, however you wish, the Paris agreement. But the fact is essentially every country in the world committed to going towards lower carbon. And that means the already growing clean energy marketplace is only going to take off even faster. And we should stay at the head of the train and continue our innovation tradition and capture the benefits of it domestically and globally.    Mr. Moniz. Well, I should note that a major piece of it--not all of it--but a major piece of it is also a lab consortium that came together to outline a program. There will be technology component R&D. We have a lot of stuff still to do. We have very large-scale power electronics, for example, managing grid flows in a new, smarter way. There will be the integration of information technology, particularly on distribution systems, including going behind the meter. But another kind of effort will be a real focus on doing, partly through large-scale modeling and simulation, system designs and trying to find the ways of working with that such that it helps also the ISOs, the State regulators, et cetera, in terms of building that new grid. I might add, if I may, that resilience is also critical. And some of the utilities are already making tremendous progress.    Mr. Moniz. Well, it is already going. So fiscal year 2016, we have launched it. We have asked for a significant increase in fiscal year 2017. As I say, we want to, especially on the systems side--I mean, as far as the technology goes, those will be competitive----    Mr. Moniz. So I think, right now, our focus has been more at the State level and things like the ISOs who manage, obviously, the system. But if there are good ideas as to how we can effectively bring in localities, that would be great. Frankly, the urban challenge is so great for the economy, for the environment, and the integration with things like electric vehicles.    Mr. Moniz. A lot of questions there.    Mr. Moniz. First of all, in terms of LNG exports, as you well know, last Wednesday, a week ago today, the first ship left the United States. Kind of a major milestone in our gas revolution.    Mr. Moniz. So, right now, there are several other facilities being built. We have licensed for non-free-trade-agreement countries now 10.8 BCF per day. And we just finished the public comment period on the economic analysis of going up to 20 BCF per day. So we are now analyzing those comments. So that is going forward.    On the oil side, well, OK, oil exports are now going. And I have been consistently saying that at least for the foreseeable future this would have a relatively small impact. I see nothing so far to change that. It is a question of market structures and market prices.    As far as Europe goes, if I might say, and we would be happy to come by and talk about this more, already going back to May of 2014, we worked in the G-7 context plus the EU to establish kind of a template of what are the new energy security principles of the 21st century? We are working with them. The European Commission put out an energy security plan that very much follows that set of principles. So we continue that. There is in the FAST Act a requirement that DOE, working with State, come back to the Congress with an energy security report. We are working on that. And, specifically, we continue our work with Ukraine in terms of helping them with their integrated energy planning.    Mr. Moniz. Thank you.    Mr. Moniz. Thank you. And maybe I will start by apologizing that yesterday we stole from your district Mike Witherell to become the director of the Berkeley Laboratories.    Mr. Moniz. Mission Innovation, again, obviously, it is going to be a very broad approach to energy technologies. But some of the high points, I think--well, for one, I have to say that I think the regional innovation partnerships are really important. They will lead to portfolio diversification and I think help build innovation ecosystems more broadly in the country.    If you go to specific areas, one of the focal points is certainly on the EFRCs, we want to expand that program. It has been a great success. The ARPA-E, here I would note: I mentioned early on in the discussion that the budget has a fairly modest discretionary increase, 2 percent, although with a priority attached to Mission Innovation, but also some mandatory requests. I say that now if we turn to ARPA-E, the request for ARPA-E is for a 20-percent increase in discretionary funding to $350 million. I think the track record, I said earlier, more than justifies that. But it also suggests $150 million of mandatory so that ARPA-E could also take on some different dimensions. In terms of some projects, for example, one of the advantages of mandatory funding is that it can give more certainty about a long-term commitment. And that is something that could be taken in this case. There could be scale up to more systems integration of different technologies. So I think we have thought this through in ways that are complementary. But then, of course, I mean, the specific technologies, frankly, across the board, we will look to get more innovation. Again, as I said earlier, there is a lot of innovation that we are leaving on the table.    Mr. Moniz. In fact, if I may just add--I am sorry, Mr. Chairman, but just add, if you go out to the Gaylord Nelson Center and see these technologies--I was there yesterday--and you see everything from novel renewables to an incredible small compact methane detector that can be used in hydrocarbon production and other settings. It is really great stuff.    Mr. Moniz. After lunch.    Mr. Moniz. First of all, Congressman, I want to thank you for hosting our people to go to your district and following through on that. That is the way we like to work with the Members whenever possible.    Mr. Moniz. We try.    Mr. Moniz. Thank you.    In terms of developing the coal technologies, again, I do want to emphasize something that we have said before, that in the budget there are many, many different ways--it is not just the fossil energy R&D program. But in the fossil energy R&D program, we have, I think, basically streamlined in terms of the very large CCUS demos and now, in 2017, focused on developing these more advanced technologies, which could be big breakthroughs. So that is number one.    But we have things in science. We have things in ARPA-E. And we have things, like incentives, like the $5 billion tax incentive that is being proposed for carbon capture and sequestration.    Mr. Moniz. Well, again, of course, again, as we said earlier, the Supreme Court action was a stay; it was not a judgment. We have ongoing work with States. It is longstanding. We give grants to States, the State energy offices. We do technical assistance to State energy offices. We established a program with labor unions to provide them technical assistance in terms of how State implementation plans could maximize job creation, something that, again, could be of interest to you. So we continue those kinds of activities.    Mr. Moniz. Up and running? Well, there is Boundary Dam in Canada. There are a variety of industrial facilities that have CCUS here and globally. There is one operating in the United States; one about to operate; and Petra Nova in probably less than a year, as a coal powerplant in Texas with enhanced oil recovery.    Mr. Moniz. I should have said Kemper is coming as well.    Mr. Moniz. I think, frankly, it is not different from many other of these technologies where we are pushing forward where it takes engineering know-how. I mean, forget carbon capture--when the first integrated gasification coal plant started operating in Florida, for example, and the same experience was in other--in Spain and elsewhere, that IGCC plant, it took 3 years to reach its operating because you are learning, you are breaking it in. And so I think this is nothing unusual.    Mr. Moniz. The same is true, by the way, for CSP plants.    Mr. Moniz. I could come and show you the IGCC histories, no carbon capture, just IGCC, and you will see maybe it is on track.    Mr. Moniz. It is a great department.    Mr. Moniz. Well, thank you, Congressman. And also thank you for your personal engagement in the Baltimore solar initiative. Also, Congressman Cummings and Senator Cardin, as well. But you have been particularly deeply engaged, which we appreciate. So the Baltimore initiative was, I think, as you say, a good model. We are working with the local institutions, Morgan State University being just one of them. And the idea is here, for the members, is to try to integrate solar deployment with the weatherization of homes for higher efficiency in low-income areas. And, obviously, Baltimore has had its challenges over the last year.    So I would like to use that to go to your opening statement about establishing the Energy Jobs Development Office. About 2 years ago, we brought in I think two outstanding individuals. And they were prime movers for the Baltimore thing. But they have done a terrific job on jobs broadly. You mentioned data. It is very hard to get data on what energy jobs are. So we have been working with the Department of Labor to do this, as you say, in an annual report. And that is a foundation for understanding not only what is happening, but what can we do to make it better? So that is just one example. So I do ask the Congress to allow us to have a separate budget line, rather than passing a tin cup around, to have this jobs focus. I just mention, the last thing I will say is, again, you have raised it, is in this case of the solar, it would be great to link that then to training local citizens to do things like solar installation. In November, this country passed 208,000 direct jobs in solar alone. And on the installation side, you are certainly talking north of $20 an hour for an installer. Get some training. We will do a community college program to do that. I think this is what we have to do in more urban areas.    Mr. Moniz. Should I comment?    Mr. Moniz. I won't go through the entire decision process, but just to note that, first of all, the program continues. Unfortunately, for the Portsmouth side--and it is not nice, I am not happy about it--but the spinning of the existing old centrifuges has stopped. But key skills will be sustained. But the real issue is that we do need--I have been totally consistent and agree with you--at some point for sure we need a national security enrichment train. And, right now, the ACP is the only candidate at the moment for sure. And the Portsmouth facility remains uniquely suited and designed to house that national security train. The thing is it costs billions of dollars, which have not been made available at the moment. And with the long----    Mr. Moniz. Billions of dollars to build a new national security train. That is the issue.    Mr. Moniz. I would be happy to get together with you and do it again.    Mr. Moniz. No, but the problem is that--well, again, we should maybe go offline. But that cascade will not be part of a national security train. We can discuss that.    Mr. Moniz. There were proposals in 2000 to use the USEC fund. They, in the end, were not approved to use the fund. And in the intervening period, of course, the utilities then stopped paying into the UE D&D fund. Congress has essentially chosen to appropriate out of discretionary funds. We are suggesting that it is time, when we have $5 billion in three funds, we think it is time to go back and to think about what might be, frankly, also a kind of a stable way potentially of addressing this. One of the differences to when the utility payments were ceased upon agreement was that the full cost of the D&D was not known. Now we see about a $22 billion to go on UE D&D. So it is a big number. And there is about $5 billion in those three uranium funds today in the Treasury. And by the way, one of the ironies, we would say, is that interest is charged. So they sit in the Treasury. Interest is charged. The amounts keep growing. We are just proposing maybe it is time to start using those.    Mr. Moniz. Well, one of the principal reasons is that the outstanding relatively new director of NETL urged us to do it this way. And I think she is right. Previously, the budget was kind of--it was hard to figure out what it was. A piece of it was in the CCS line. A piece of it was in program administration. And now I think this gives greater transparency because, of course, as you well know, NETL has got two very different functions: one is the R&D, and one largely is kind of a contract manager, not only for FE but for other programs as well. This gives kind of identity to the research program. And we remain very interested in strengthening it. In fact, there is an increase this year particularly to, finally, I think, address the supercomputer needs at NETL.    Mr. Moniz. Yes. Correct. And, in fact, there has been an increase in the R&D.    Mr. Moniz. See, part of that is the--we can call it restructuring, but it is the, frankly, the termination of some of the large demonstration projects that could not reach financial close. And so those funds have been redirected to supporting now what I would call more R&D as opposed to the demonstration projects. So that is where the pilot projects, for example, for chemical looping, which NETL is actually working on right now--they have a smallish facility--and oxycombustion and the like, so I think this actually strengthens what I would call more of the basic R&D program.    Mr. Moniz. Right.    Mr. Moniz. Well, so that is a relatively small amount of funding--I forget the exact number, maybe $15-million-something--to go into the design of what could then be a natural gas carbon capture demonstration of some undetermined scale at the moment.    Because the reasoning is quite simple. Clearly, carbon capture with coal, whether it is direct as we are now doing or some of the new approaches, is important. But, also, with natural gas. We have a long view in terms of our technology development. And, right now, gas, one can argue, has been contributing to lower carbon emissions, but if we are going to practically decarbonize the electricity sector, ultimately natural gas would have to have carbon capture as well.    So this is the early stages of design.    Mr. Moniz. Oh, I think there would be substantial calls for proposals to do that. The proposal in that plan is for $500 million additional in transportation. So it would be very, very broad-based. And that is quite separate from the infrastructure, the fuels infrastructure issues. It is really R&D on those areas. So, certainly, if I am issuing that, there will be plenty of chances for the universities to----    Mr. Moniz. You got it.    Mr. Moniz. Uh-uh.    Mr. Moniz. Certainly. The 2 initiatives or coalitions, if you like, the 20 countries and the 28 investors from 10 countries, they are independent. Now, there is communication. So they were formed in parallel, and the idea was, because they have the opportunity to feed off of each other, we increased the innovation pipeline, that gives more investment opportunities, and these investors declare, ``Well, yes, if you guys give us more opportunities, we are going to be there with billions of dollars to come and invest.''    But I want to emphasize that, whatever information is generated, for example, it is possible that--we have talked about but have not yet nailed down--around June, early June, we should have this kind of more nailed down, the relationship. We may do some joint technology roadmaps, like what is the pathway to sunlight to fuels as a kind of a possible transformative thing.    But if done--after all, we are a Government agency--such information would not be proprietary to those investors. That would be open to everybody to see the benefits of.    Mr. Moniz. Oh, well, that is what I just addressed. No. So we have to make it sure that it is great but they don't have special access to information or to lab technologies, et cetera. We have to make this transparent. And we have done this, by the way----    Mr. Moniz. Whenever they are done. I mean, like, if it is a technology roadmap, when we have it----    Mr. Moniz. It could be, and with some others, talking about--so the idea is----    Mr. Moniz. Well, the information would then have to be available to everyone as a public DOE report. And, no, so we are very sensitive to that, that----    Mr. Moniz. The only advantage would be--but it would not be exclusive to them--would be to have thought about this particular technology area. But others are thinking about it. In fact, the one I mentioned, we already have a hub doing it, with all the results published.    Mr. Moniz. Yes.    Mr. Moniz. For that, I should probably find my notes, because it is quite a long list in the FAST Act.    There are issues of our being charged to do an energy security plan, for example, with State. There are issues about doing a study to bring to the Congress on the establishment of an electric power transformer reserve, for example. There is a really long list of issues, and we are working on all of them.    Mr. Moniz. Sure.    Mr. Moniz. If I can find it in my papers, I can give it to you now, actually.    Mr. Moniz. OK. Anyway, we will certainly get that to you.    Mr. Moniz. It is always hard to predict what you are unprepared for, but I certainly agree with you. Your clock speed statement is very apt, and the driverless cars are a terrific example. I think 2 years ago very few would have seen this coming at us so fast. And it raises huge numbers of policy issues, obviously, with liabilities and all kinds of issues.    So I would just say there are two areas where I think--and they are actually in some sense linked--where I see enormous change happening, the kind of change that we didn't anticipate with the oil and gas revolution, say, 15 years ago.    One is that, if you look at the entire electricity system--and, by the way, the second installment of our Quadrennial Energy Review--the first one was on infrastructure across the board. This one is on the electricity system end-to-end. And there are so many moving parts--on the high-voltage grid, on the distribution system, the integration of IT, energy storage suddenly coming to maturity in terms of costs.    So there are the technology issues, but then how do we value the services; how do we value fuel diversity; how do we value storage in the system; how do we value when we have distributed generation and what it is doing not only in terms of supplying energy but in terms of, potentially, stability in the system, voltage stability, you know, you name it; how do we go, in this example, behind the meter into the consumer's place in terms of new services.    As we do that and as we get more and more successful, or continuing our success, in terms of decreasing energy intensity, energy efficiency, et cetera, business models of utilities have to change. It is not going to be the same system.    What does that mean for our regulatory system? I don't want to open Pandora's box. But, you know, we have a historical system built around States, and we have to work with it, but recognizing that it does not match the physical realities of the system as it emerges. So that is a big one to think through, that whole kind of system.    Another one is, I think--and it is not unconnected--is the urban environment and potential transformation there, I mean energy-linked. Your driverless cars, for example, can be a big piece of that, right? A whole different ownership model, a whole different--the model is different.    And, furthermore, if you speculate--and now I am going off into the wild blue yonder. But if you speculate about a city that has become practically all electric and quiet and clean, well, maybe you build your buildings in different ways.    So I think those are two big issues where there are so many threads to pull together.    Mr. Moniz. Well, the first point I would make is that, again, our discretionary request----    Mr. Moniz. I want to make the point, it is 2 percent, and the President's budget is within the cap.    Now, in terms of this budget and the number-one issue in terms of new direction is the Mission Innovation direction writ large----    Mr. Moniz. It is across the board.    Mr. Moniz. Sort of.    Mr. Moniz. Well, only because----    Mr. Moniz. No, no, no, the Energy Department, of course, has the major----    Mr. Moniz . Makes energy technology development. But my point simply is, as was evident in the Quadrennial Energy Review, energy is----    Mr. Moniz. Energy touches many equities----    Mr. Moniz. I am trying to answer the question.    Mr. Moniz. Because the answer is, then if you take something like the Quadrennial Energy Review----    Mr. Moniz . That is bringing together----    Mr. Moniz. I am giving you the shortest answer that is meaningful.    Mr. Moniz. We play a central role in pulling----    Mr. Moniz . Together the energy threads for a coherent energy policy.    Mr. Moniz. Yes.    Mr. Moniz. Because it needed a little bit of----    Mr. Moniz. Say it again. I am sorry.    Mr. Moniz. Absolutely.    Mr. Moniz. And security and environment.    Mr. Moniz. Those are environmental rules about air quality.    Mr. Moniz. This goes back to the earlier answer, why it is more complicated than ``yes'' or ``no.''    Mr. Moniz. Environmental policy has historically always affected energy policy, as has, often, security policy and----    Mr. Moniz. OK. So the EPA is putting out a clean air regulation. Our job in the energy sector, as it is in any sector that influences air quality, is to develop the ways to respond to what the regulations, the laws of the land are.    Mr. Moniz. Sorry?    Mr. Moniz. The reliability is clearly an issue. Some of our analyses----    Mr. Moniz. Well, for example, we did an analysis around the natural gas system, and we found that there were not reliability risks.    Mr. Moniz. We can show you the analysis.    Mr. Moniz. It is published.    Mr. Moniz. I would say yes.    Mr. Moniz. Right. So, again, without repeating it, I just again want to emphasize that there are a huge number of pieces that affect coal in our budget, not just the fossil energy R&D budget.    Among those, again, I will mention something that I think will be very important to put in are the tax credits that I mentioned earlier, but, very importantly, the Power Plus Plan, which is precisely the plan--it is administration-wide, it is not DOE, administration-wide, in terms of really helping communities in multiple ways, including what we can help with in terms of economic development but certainly retraining and other programs, of course weatherization, et cetera.    This is part of why we have two offices that are critical here. One is the ED office, the economic development and diversity office, and then this jobs focus, this Jobs Strategy Council I formed. They have been in coal country. Well, they have visited Mr. Griffith, for example, and I think it was a--I heard from them, as well, that it was a very good visit. And we are trying very hard----    Mr. Moniz. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Moniz. Yes.    Mr. Moniz. Yes.    Mr. Moniz. We completely agree. And, again, I would urge that the Congress look favorably, I hope, on our trying to convert that into a separate budget line, a little office. Frankly----    Mr. Moniz. And that goes back to what Mr. Rush said earlier.    Mr. Moniz. Because I think, if we do that, we have a better chance of trying to kind of get that planted in the Department of Energy as a function that will go on in the next administration.    Mr. Moniz. We have a request for information out right now to the public, following through on the consent-based approach to storage--pilot interim storage, big interim storage, and geological repositories for both civilian spent fuel and high-level waste.    We are moving forward, to the extent that we can, in getting the interim storage advanced. We cannot without congressional authorization actually do a site.    But the issue that has arisen with Texas about the possibility of a private site is one that we would support the Congress providing clarity on that as being an acceptable path forward because, ultimately, presumably, to work, that may at least require access to the Nuclear Waste Fund, and it would certainly require legislative action.    Mr. Moniz. Yes, sir. And, you know, this is a pretty short time for this kind of business, and already there are 36 companies and, I don't know, 9 or 10 commercial products being sold. And they span quite a diversity of technologies.    Mr. Moniz. Well, I would like to talk about intermediate metrics and then the ultimate metrics.    The ultimate metrics are that these technologies have indeed--that some number of them have indeed gone into the marketplace and have scaled some appreciable time. In the energy business, that is not a 5-year business.    But the intermediate metrics, I would say, are very positive. I mentioned already the 36 companies and 9 or 10 products, but, in addition, about a quarter of all of the projects that have been completed have attracted well over a billion dollars of private-sector funding. Another quarter of the projects, roughly, has attracted follow-on interest from the Department of Energy or other Government agencies, like DOD, for example.    So when you take a program that is, by its nature, kind of pushing on the edge of the technology and roughly half of them after a 3-year project have got follow-on, including company creation, that is pretty good. If anything, it makes you worry, are we taking enough risk?    Mr. Moniz. Oh, yes. ARPA-E is a very different, by creation, a different structure. And you have active program managers who are very much close to the project--which is also, by the way, also receiving advice on tech to market. But if they are not working, then they just end. In fact, it has been said that, you know, in this kind of business, what you like is quick failure and long success.    Mr. Moniz. To be honest, I don't have a precise number, but I would say a few million dollars out of our Energy Policy and Systems Analysis Office. Some of the work was done analytically in house, and then some of it was, you know, specific studies contracted outside.    Mr. Moniz. OK, we will try to--I am not sure we have actually kept a budget number in that way, but we will make an attempt at it.    Mr. Moniz. Extremely. I think it has been a tremendous return. The action of this committee and this Congress in incorporating a tremendous number of the recommendations into legislation has been important. It has also being actively used in the current Senate legislation being developed right now. And, in addition, it has influenced significantly State energy offices. We have had many interactions.    So we think this has been a great success, I think, verifying the idea that doing a deep, analytically driven document can really provide an excellent basis for discussions with the Congress and others.    Mr. Moniz. Well, the motivation was that, as we are looking to put together the pieces for ultimately bringing them all together, in the first QER, which looked at all the energy infrastructures, it kind of said, well, you know, the electricity infrastructure is kind of first among equals, because so many other infrastructures in energy, information technology and the like, depend upon electricity.    So we think this is actually a core system. As I said earlier also in a response, it is also a system that is perhaps ripe for--well, it is going through some change and there may be a lot more coming as technology and new services drive the electricity system.    Mr. Moniz. And I might add, the NC State hub on wide bandgap semiconductors is part of the technology for this new grid.    Mr. Moniz. Thank you.    Mr. Moniz. Well, the commitment specifically, to choose the words carefully, was to seek to double the energy R&D over 5 years, because, obviously, we have to work with the Congress to reach that. But the request this year, as you know, is 21 percent in the discretionary funds, and that would be, obviously, a linear trajectory to doubling.    And, again, I would just say, it may be semi-anecdotal, but every piece of evidence I have says we could get a lot more innovation with that increased investment.    Mr. Moniz. Well, I don't have the exact table for the Federal agencies right now, but the second-biggest amount is in the Department of Defense, where they actually have quite a bit of energy work going on, substantially less than DOE, obviously, but quite substantial. They have interest in and we partner with them already in things like advanced drop-in biofuels. So they would like to reduce their oil dependence, but they can't replace the engine, so they have to go to drop-in biofuel. So that is still a big challenge.    They have lots of interest in things like microgrids for their stationary assets, for their facilities. And, of course, something that is not a major energy user on the scale of, you know, quads of energy but very important for our warfighters is the question of portable energy that the people on the front lines can use.    Mr. Moniz. First of all, it is important to note that, among the countries, the 20 countries, there is no obligation, you know, to work together on projects. Every country makes its sovereign choice about managing its expanded portfolio. So the main thing here is that it gets a lot more innovation going.    Now, I expect that there will be enhanced collaboration between countries that share a specific interest in a project. For example, with India, we have, you know, discussed in general terms that distributed generation may provide a great opportunity for much more collaboration with them on technology development. We both have distributed-generation needs; they are somewhat different. But that could be a logical one.    Another one where we are already ramping up but, say, in our discussion with the Saudis, quite different, the issue of what are we going to do about HFC replacements, especially for warm climates, not only different operating fluids, potentially, but new thermodynamic cycles that are more adventurous, if you like, in the technology.    So I think those will appear, but we have no obligation for enhanced international collaboration. We manage our portfolio. The investors are international. They will be looking for the best opportunities that come out of these innovation pipelines in any of the 20 countries. So the extent to which we push, we are also going to capture that investment.    Mr. Moniz. Roughly 100.    Mr. Moniz. Ninety-nine, yes, right. Uh-huh.    Mr. Moniz. I don't know the exact up to now, but the projections have said it could reach $20 billion eventually.    Mr. Moniz. Yes. According to the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, we cannot establish an interim site without----    Mr. Moniz. Yep.    Mr. Moniz. Correct.    Mr. Moniz. That was suspended.    Mr. Moniz. No, but I would guess it is--for the three sites, it is probably on the order of $500 million. But, obviously, we can add up the numbers.    Mr. Moniz. Yes. I may be a bit low.    Mr. Moniz. And Portsmouth, of course, there is also the barter contribution----    Mr. Moniz . Of about $150 million. If you don't count that, then we are probably around $500 million, I would guess.    Mr. Moniz. Accumulating interest.    Mr. Moniz. I believe so. That is my understanding.    Mr. Moniz. Yes, we would need some authorization.    Mr. Moniz. I believe. I believe that is the case.    Mr. Moniz. I should check with the experts. But, also, there is also the question of offsets----    Mr. Moniz . Because of the budget cap.    Mr. Moniz. And I would just add, we did suggest a possible offset with the quarter-mil per kilowatt hour from the relevant utilities.    Mr. Moniz. I would certainly expect that. But why don't I nail that down and get back to you promptly.    Mr. Moniz. But, yes, our expectation is we are moving towards having a contract in place.    Mr. Moniz. But we certainly need continuity, obviously.    Mr. Moniz. I never said that.