    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Cordray, I represent the Charlotte, North Carolina, region, a major financial center in the country and home of the Bank of America, and a major presence for Wells Fargo and many other financial institutions, large and small.    Mr. Pittenger. As I recognize how the major banks have sought to absorb the new burdensome regulatory environment, I have also been added in the market speaking to lenders that are mid-sized and small community banks.    A couple of weeks ago, I was visiting a one small bank, a $265 million bank. They have 60 employees. They have six locations.    Mr. Pittenger. Sixty, 6-0.    Mr. Pittenger. They are a good bank, with a good balance sheet, less than 1 loan losses; this is not a problem bank. Only a few weeks before they had 14 regulators come in their bank and spend 2 weeks plowing through everything, which was enormously disruptive, and in the process of going through everything in the bank, they would change opinions of things that they were told the previous time.    So it was an enormous amount of human capital required to facilitate all the demands of these auditors and regulators. And it really imposed on their ability to function as a business.    Have you ever been in the banking business, Director Cordray?    Mr. Pittenger. I can tell you being in the consumer business and I have been on a bank board and have served for--the time we formed the bank until the time we sold it.    It is consumer-driven and it is a people business and you have to be ready and accessible to your clients. These banks are hiring people to deal with all the demands and the requirement of these regulators and they are hiring loan officers.    And I would hope that you would go out in the field, come down to my district, I invite you to be there. I would like to take you to some of these banks that I hear time and again tell me of the compliance issues, the requirements, the time, the effort that it takes to deal with it.    What in the world are 14 regulators doing in a bank, a $265 million bank for 2 weeks? This is not a problem child.    Mr. Pittenger. Forgive me for saying that.    Mr. Pittenger. But it is the process of oversight. It is nonsense for these banks to have the required amount, the decent amount of oversight, yet the burden of it today is such that it is really impeding these banks to function.    Mr. Pittenger. As well, I would like to just bring again this while notion of the SIFI requirements and I want to go back to that again. It just deals with the lack of the government's awareness in terms of what is needed and required for MetLife to be assigned that rule in the SIFI requirement.    Where are you in terms of having the right personnel with the experience from the real world who can give you advice on who should be identified as a SIFI?    Mr. Pittenger. And you represent that. We are here because we need to speak with you.    Mr. Pittenger. I think it is just a matter of having the people inside an organization, on the boards giving council who really understand the business.    And that is my concern about the regulators coming in to the small banks or identifying who should be a SIFI and who shouldn't when they have absolutely no experience.    You have one insurance person on that board and they voted against it and everyone else did and he understood the business.    Mr. Pittenger. My point, sir, is just that there is a disconnect between the reality of what is happening in the real world and the burden of the regulatory environment.