    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Taylor, you brought up, let's see here, that there is $35 that we invest in research and development, or for every dollar we put in we get $35 return. Is that true? Did I hear that correctly?    Mr. Yoho. Okay. And I meant to thank you for your service to our country. I appreciate it.    Mr. Willis, on the Asian fruit fly, I am sure you are well aware of it in south Florida in the Homestead area. I come from the great State of Florida, and it has been a problem down there. It is rapidly emerging. It is rapidly spreading, and right now it is contained to the Homestead area in the south. But what happens, the perimeters are 1,200 yards I believe, or 400 yards, and anything within that area has to be destroyed, or it is quarantined and then obviously destroyed.    And if it moves up to the Miami area, we are looking at about a $2 billion impact. What are you guys doing on that, or what do you see right now? Is there crop insurance to protect any of that?    Mr. Yoho. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Karsting, the Food for Peace program you were talking about, we all know the benefits of that. And one of the things that is real contentious, as you know, are GMOs. In your opinion, have you seen the beneficial effects of GMOs increasing production, increasing yields on these products, in your opinion?    Mr. Yoho. I am sure you will see us come back to hopefully engage you guys helping us market this because we all know the benefits of it, but there is that other side out there that is trying to squash this. And we just can't allow that to happen. There are too many good things that are coming out of this.    Mr. Yoho. Well, since we are on this topic, and we are talking about trade with TPP, we get involved with these multi-national trade agreements, and sometimes you have multiple countries saying, well, when they come together there will be multiple countries saying, no, we don't want the GMOs in here or certain insecticides. Do you think it is better to have the large multi-national trade agreements or more of the bilateral?    Mr. Yoho. Okay. And then Mr. Dolcini, you were saying there are $5.2 billion in loans that you give out? Is that correct?    Mr. Yoho. Let me ask you because this is something that has come up in several meetings. You are obviously servicing these loans. Right? You are giving the money out, collecting the money?    Mr. Yoho. And so essentially the USDA has become a bank in a certain sector of the economy. Would it be better to move these over to the GSEs like Farm Credit Service? You guys guarantee them but let them service them so that the government is not in the banking industry? What are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Yoho. But if the Federal Government guaranteed them and we got rid of the bureaucracy of collecting the money and allowed the GSEs or some other entity to do that with the government backing, I would like to have your thoughts, but I am out of time; and if we could get that in writing, I appreciate it. And I yield back.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate you all being here today.    Mr. Bonnie, you were talking about there were some practices that you would recommend to prevent or decrease the negative effect of forest fires. What are those? And then the second question is, why aren't they being done now, and what do you need to facilitate that?    Mr. Yoho. Projects like controlled burns?    Mr. Yoho. Okay. I live in the Southeast and we are blessed, I mean, pine trees grow in 15, 20 years, whereas out West it is a different story. And we do a really good job in the managing of the forest. And one of the things we see out West, you have the high wind velocities and all that and it is harder to do your prescribed burns. What are you doing to address that situation?    And along with that, we have heard from a lot of the loggers that they can't go in and harvest the board-feet that is already down. I don't know if it is the rules and regulations of the permitting process, but there is a lot of timber that is down that could be utilized that is not and that leads to the underbrush in the fire. What are you doing to alleviate that and expedite that process?    Mr. Yoho. You just created another question for me. When you are doing that and you are going down that road to harvest those down trees, do you run into issues with the EPA and you are fighting against them, or Army Corps or any other agency?    Mr. Yoho. All right. So nobody else is restricting you, right?    Mr. Yoho. All right. You brought up the environmentalists, and I want to go back to what Mr. Scott brought up when he bowed out gracefully early. I have the same problem in my district. I mean, we have gopher tortoises, we have the rattlesnakes, we have the fox squirrels, and we have farmers that have farmed for generations, 100 year farms. And they have pretty much the same practices, obviously have gotten better at best management practices.    But yet, now the government comes in and says, well, we need to monitor these fox squirrels or this. And the farmers don't want anything to do with it because they come in, they being the government, say, ``We are here to help you,'' and we all know how they run from that. And we are seeing the same thing. It is, We don't want your help. Whereas before, people came to the government.    And that is an attitude change. And you brought up the environmentalists, and yes, we want the clean environment, we want clean water, and we want clean air, but sometimes there is a political agenda that we see driving a lot of this that is counterintuitive or productive to our producers who are out there trying to make a living. And it increases the costs and it reduces the usability of their land. And that is something I hope you guys take back in your discussions and say a little bit of this is good, but a little bit is too much. We need to back off here.    I have another question I wanted to ask. On the lands that are going into the easements and the conservation easement, and Mr. Weller, feel free to weigh in on this. What is the percentage of land that has gone from the private sector back to the government and off the payrolls? Because what we are seeing in our state is we see a lot of this being put into the conservation easements. And I don't want to get in a situation in my state where we have PILT payments, payment in lieu of taxes, and that lands are off the tax rolls.    Mr. Yoho. I yield back. I am out of time, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    The Chairman. Sure. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Thompson, 5 minutes.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate everybody being here this late afternoon.    Dr. Woteki, you were saying that the funds research to take these advancements in the research you are doing to the consumer, to the farmers, to increase production--I am adding this--decrease chemical usage, conserve resources, feed millions here at home and around the world, I mean, that is what we are doing with our research, and you are a researcher. Dr. Ramaswamy, you are a researcher, and Dr. Jacobs-Young, you research. Dr. Bohman, do you do research also? And Ms. Picanso, is that correct?    Mr. Yoho. That is good. Do you do any research?    Mr. Yoho. You analyze the research.    Mr. Yoho. Okay. Well, first, I come from the great State of Florida, and you are well aware of citrus greening, and I appreciate you bringing that up. And I know you have seven initiatives that you are working with, and I just want to thank you from our state. My Governor, Rick Scott, he wants to thank you, Commissioner Adam Putnam, and our producers for what you have done.    My question is this. USDA funds and conducts researches at our land-grant universities and other places, that produces extremely important research for the advancement of agriculture, veterinary science, and it winds up feeding people around the world, and the advancement of medicine.    But yet we get researchers that call us--I can't tell you how many times they call us, and they are getting hammered because of FOIA. In fact, I have a letter right here from a doctor, and I won't mention his name, but he says I am one of 43 scientists that have been attacked using public records law. We are forced to surrender our e-mails in the name of transparency. However, our own words are distorted, twisted, and our reputations harmed when we did nothing wrong.    Now I have been FOIA'd by so-and-so, and he goes on to say, should we allow activists and pseudo-celebrities to have access to our records with the sole purpose of causing reputation harm for an agenda based on personal views, beliefs, or hyperboles, and the pseudo-science versus the science that you are supporting and the American taxpayers are funding?    What is your thoughts on that, and what can we do? Because we have these researchers doing all this work, but they are not going to come out and talk about it. And citrus greening, one of the things on the table is a genetically modified orange, and 10 years ago there was a genetically modified papaya that has a ringspot virus, and they got rid of it 10 years ago. EPA has released it, but nobody has the political will to say it is okay.    But yet we are funding this kind of research, and why are we funding this kind of research if we don't have the political clout and the research of you guys standing up? So I want to hear your thoughts on that, please.    Mr. Yoho. What I would request from you is to come up and help us come up with a policy where we need to protect it. We had an 18 year old student from one of our universities, her name was put out there, her address and all that, and I can just see it squelching the research, and the scientists won't back up to advance this. So go ahead, I cut you off. I am sorry.    Mr. Yoho. And that is thing that we need to do, and if you could come out, when you see these attacks, just come out with a response from the USDA and saying, ``No, this is the facts behind the science, and the science is good, and it benefits all.'' I appreciate your time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it. I appreciate the panel being here.    Chairman Peterson and I grew up in Minnesota, and I can understand why that is. I remember two seasons up there: winter is coming and winter is here. And I remember the state bird being a mosquito. It was so big, it had feathers.    Getting back to the question here. Administrator McBride, I want to thank you for the work you did with our office in our district for the rural broadband. I would encourage anybody in here to reach out. You guys did a stellar job helping to solve or to bring up solutions to get that into our area, and I just want to thank you for that.    I want to kind of go back to Mr. Thompson's question. In my district in north central Florida, I have more EMCs municipal cooperative power companies than anywhere else in our state. And these companies rely heavily on RUS loan program which helps keep energy affordable in my rural district and districts across the country.    Due to the President's new Clean Power Plan, I have been hearing concerns from my folks back home, the cooperatives. And I want to kind of go off of his question: How do you expect the CPP to affect your loan portfolio? That was asked specifically. What will happen if the coal power plants with outstanding RUS loans cannot meet the requirement by the EPA? And if they have to shut down their doors, how is that going to affect you? Because we have some plants that are scheduled to run for another 15 years.    Mr. Yoho. If a state does not adopt a plan and we see our power plants close with these active loans, is that a possibility for default for you guys? Has that happened before?    Mr. Yoho. Was your agency in communication with the EPA on the rule writing in saying we have a certain amount of these plants that are in existence, they have a life span of 10 to 15 more years, is there a way they can be grandfathered in and weaned out of that so that they can adapt?    Mr. Yoho. Under Secretary Mensah and Mr. Hernandez, to reiterate, that you said we have $200 billion in loans and your default rate is very small, on your zero down, 100 percent financing, if I go back to the housing bubble--and we heard a lot of horror stories how this led partly to that--how long has that program been back in existence, or did it ever go out of existence? Did it ever go out zero down, 100 percent financing?    Mr. Yoho. Let me ask you this: Do you hold those loans in-house?    Mr. Yoho. You don't rebundle them, repackage them, and sell them to the private-sector?    Mr. Yoho. That leads up to a question I had yesterday. The USDA is doing these loans, so you are the servicer of these loans too, and it is a duplication of the private-sector, it is competition with the private-sector. Is there a way to devolve from the Federal Government, and do what you do as far as guaranteeing them and stand behind them, but yet, let the private-sector do them so you don't have a bank within the USDA and the bureaucracy that goes with that? What are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Yoho. These are the ones that are 100 percent guaranteed by you?    Mr. Yoho. So what is the purpose holding that within in-house instead of once you guarantee that loan, transition it out, so, again, you are not a bank, the Federal Government is not acting as a bank?    Mr. Yoho. I just want to give you guys a thank you because you guys have financed so many things--a rural water treatment system in our area, rural hospitals--and you do a great job. Thank you.    I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Allen, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the panel being here. Mr. Shea, when you started off with talking about the decreased number of inspectors as dangerous in general, but especially in the face of an outbreak; and we in Florida with our Florida orange juice here--I hope this is not our last crop--with citrus greening and now with the Asian oriental fruit fly, I am sure you are aware of the damage it has done.    Adam Putnam, our Commissioner of Agriculture, has called a state of emergency for our state. And if that gets up in the Miami area, we are looking at a $1.6 billion economic impact, and we appreciate the research and work that you guys have done. Knowing that, and you had brought up about the foot-and-mouth disease, how they haven't had an outbreak in South America since 2006, knowing the difficulty we have of exporting cattle that have been exposed to blue tongue, or the threat of BSE going into other countries and we know the economic impact and the danger that foot-and-mouth disease could have here in America with all cloven livestock, it is estimated to be between $150 to $250 billion is what I have heard, different estimates.    When I look at the benefit of importing beef from any country that has had that or they are using a modified live vaccine, I would like to hear your thoughts on that. And then also another question is, and I want to commend the USDA and APHIS in the Plum Island Research for coming up with a leader list of foot-and-mouth disease vaccine. It is cutting edge technology. Being such a safe vaccine, will that be rolled over in production in the United States and have a provisional release on that where they can manufacture it here in the private-sector?    Mr. Yoho. How long have we been waiting on that approval?    Mr. Yoho. I know the Administration is trying to allow that beef to come into this country, but before the rules and all the studies have been done, I would hope that APHIS would stand strong to protect the domestic beef population so we don't have that threat. I yield back. I am out of time. I look forward to talking to you down the road.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Rick Allen, 4 minutes.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, panel, I appreciate you being here. You took my question. That was great. You did. You got me the answer I was looking for about the 81 percent increase and the slow dropdown. What do you think accounts for that? Is it the quality of jobs out in the marketplace that people just aren't getting enough high paying jobs? I know everybody wants to raise the minimum wage, but in some industries, you can't raise the minimum wage to that level to get them off of this. We need quality jobs to come back here, and that addresses the bigger picture about Tax Codes and things like that, incentives for manufacturers to come back.    Mr. Yoho. I think that is one of the big concerns, and one of our goals is to get people in, up and out. Secretary Concannon, you had talked about the waste, fraud, and abuse was mainly in the trafficking of EBT cards, if I understood you correctly?    Mr. Yoho. I bring this up because we had USAID in here, and they were talking about the 2.5 million Syrian refugees getting EBT cards. Through USAID, they said that right here.    Mr. Yoho. I would like to talk to you about that, but the point is, they said what they were doing was biometrics where they had a picture ID on there and some other form of biometrics, and it really cut that down as far as the illegal use of them. In this country, I asked him if he could elaborate if that would be a good thing here. Would that prevent the trafficking of cards, if there was a picture ID on them or somebody had to show a picture ID to use those or it was tied to some kind of----    Mr. Yoho. I am glad to hear you say that when you catch them, they are out permanently.    Mr. Yoho. That is something that we need to advertise, and I commend you for doing that. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Allen, for 4 minutes.