    Mr. Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. When Dodd-Frank was enacted 5 years ago this month, Senator Elizabeth Warren and President Obama promised Americans that this law would lift the economy, that their hard-earned money would be safer, that markets would be more stable and that no one institution would threaten the safety and soundness of the global financial system.    As we have seen this law implemented, it has left much to be desired. In large part, the 2008 financial crisis was a result of Federal financial regulators failing to do their job, and their inability to anticipate the looming issues in the subprime mortgage market.    Dodd-Frank rewarded incompetency with more responsibility. The law has created new areas of risk concentration, enshrined too-big-to-fail institutions, made it more difficult for small banks to compete, and done damage to the economy that is still too difficult to quantify.    The law of unintended consequences has never been more apparent than when we look at Dodd-Frank. The pursuit of financial stability has come at a cost. While the goal may be worthy, we must look at the collateral damage along the way and ask ourselves if we are going down the right path.    Compliance burdens are crushing small institutions. And though banks may be better capitalized, we are now seeing negative market impacts stemming from these new regulations.    The FSOC and Treasury Secretary Lew don't really want to admit that Dodd-Frank may be at the center of illiquidity that was seen in the bond market. With banks having to hold on to more capital and pulling out of market-making activities, these markets are left withering in the wake of Dodd-Frank and other international regulations.    Another product of Dodd-Frank is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the CFPB, which was tasked with protecting consumers of financial products and services from discrimination. Ironically, it has the worst track record of all Federal financial agencies of EEO complaints, proving the agency is inept at best, or negligent at worst, at protecting its own employees from discrimination and retaliation.    Further, sources of small dollar credit products that millions of Americans rely upon are now in the crosshairs of the Bureau. The government-knows-best mentality, the nanny-state mentality, has gone too far. Americans are capable of choosing products and making decisions that they know are in their best financial interests.    The CFPB is eliminating consumer freedom and imposing political agendas that I just don't think work, Mr. Chairman. This is the Gruber mentality, along with--well, I will go there later. I will yield back.    Mr. Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to make a quick comment in regard to one of the championed agencies of Dodd-Frank, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. I am not sure if any of the witnesses are aware of a hearing we had a couple of weeks ago, which was a takeoff of a hearing that we had a year ago in regard to racism and sexism at the CFPB.    Angela Martin testified a year ago, and a couple of weeks ago, Florine Williams testified. We have had a pretty robust debate about racism in America over the past several months. And I have to tell you, I am astounded that Barack Obama hasn't said anything about racism and sexism at the CFPB.    That Richard Cordray still has his position at the CFPB is amazing to me. That Senator Elizabeth Warren, who is the champion of this agency that brought Richard Cordray in, his protege--that she is saying nothing about racism and sexism.    Their silence is deafening, stunning. But that's a side note.    I want to talk about the crisis--I think my friends across the aisle want to talk about markets and market failure. But if we look at the root causes of the crisis, wasn't there an issue with subprime mortgages?    Wasn't there an issue with Fannie and Freddie, Mr. Atkins?    Mr. Duffy. Federal housing policy by Fannie and Freddie, right?    Mr. Duffy. Among others. And did we deal in the--in your review of Dodd-Frank, did we deal with Fannie and Freddie reform in Dodd-Frank?    Mr. Duffy. So one of the root causes of the crisis isn't even addressed in the Dodd-Frank Act. And we note that regulators were on the beat and they didn't see this looming crisis. And so instead of faulting regulators, we have given regulators more power and authority.    They didn't get it right in 2008. What makes us think they are going to get it right in the next crisis?    I would also just note that as Dodd-Frank, as I watched on the sidelines as this bill was passed 5 years ago, there was a lot of conversation about the fact that we have to end too-big-to-fail. It has to go away. We have to protect the American taxpayer.    But I don't know if you have noticed there has been a change of tone from my friends across the aisle because now they say, ``We actually haven't ended too-big-to-fail.'' Sweeping, massive Dodd-Frank reform, right, and too-big-to-fail still exists.    Actually, Elizabeth Warren just came out with a new bill to say, guess what, sweeping industry reform and you still haven't addressed too-big-to-fail. So now, she has new legislation, am I right, Mr. Atkins?    Mr. Duffy. Yes. They admit that with all of this massive reform, they didn't get it right.    There is still more to do.    But I do want to move to the lack of liquidity, fixed income markets, the Volcker Rule regulation. You see that as a problem, yes?    Mr. Duffy. Do you think the cause of the crisis or the cause of the lack of liquidity is the Volcker Rule?    Mr. Duffy. And does that lack of liquidity create more risk in the market?    Mr. Duffy. So, do smaller shocks have bigger impacts when there is less liquidity, Mr. Calabria?    Mr. Duffy. Does time heal this issue? If you see banks because of Volcker getting out of their market-making game, is someone else going to step in and take that role? Do we just have to wait a little bit longer? How does this play out, Mr. Calabria or Mr. Atkins, either one of you?    Mr. Duffy. I yield back.