    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Walz, for holding today's hearing, and for working in a bipartisan way. It looks like we are going to get this bill worked out in a way that everybody can live with.    The inspections provided by the Federal Grain Inspection Service define and classify grains as well as assign grades to specify weight and quality requirements, and these inspections provide a gold standard assurance backed by the Federal Government to both grain buyers and sellers. American grain farmers participate in a very competitive world, and foreign grain buyers should be confident in the process that we have in place to ensure our exports are adequately inspected.    So as we move ahead with reauthorization, I hope that we can take stock in how well the current system of export inspections by the Federal and state agencies is working, and continue to work in a bipartisan basis and get this reauthorization moved through the both Houses and to the President's desk.    And I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    I would like to recognize our witnesses. We have one panel and three witnesses. Starting with Mr. David Winkles, who is the President of South Carolina Farm Bureau Federation, Columbia, South Carolina; Mr. J. David Cox, Sr., National President, American Federation of Government Employees, here in Washington, D.C.; and Mr. Nick Friant, Chairman, NGFA Grain Grades and Weights Committee.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here. And with that, I want to remind you that you have 5 minutes to make your oral testimony. Anything further will be submitted for the record in your written testimony. I would encourage you to watch the lights. Green means go, yellow is just like when you are driving; hurry it up, and when you see red, that means stop.    And with that, I am pleased to recognize Mr. David Winkles for 5 minutes. STATEMENT OF DAVID M. WINKLES, Jr., PRESIDENT, SOUTH CAROLINA     Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Most of the questions have been answered, or asked that I was going to ask, but, Mr. Friant, is that how you say your name? Friant?    Mr. Peterson. Friant, I am sorry. In your testimony, you were talking about the delegation to state agencies, and that it is not transparent. Do you guys have a problem with what the states are doing out there in terms of inspection? I have not heard that in our area, what are you getting at there?    Mr. Peterson. I mean what is the problem you are trying to get at? What problem exists that you think we are not finding because it is not transparent?    Mr. Peterson. So you mean some states are doing different things that are causing you problems, is that----    Mr. Peterson. I am still not totally understanding what the problem is that you are trying to resolve here.    Mr. Peterson. How does that impact you in the marketplace?    Mr. Peterson. The question that Mr. Walz asked about the price, as I understand it, Mr. Cox's testimony, it is about a penny a bushel.    Mr. Peterson. Something like that. So you think that is too expensive, Mr. Friant?    Mr. Peterson. But you don't have the information in terms of how we stack up against other countries or other----    Mr. Peterson. Do you have that information?    Mr. Peterson. Well, if you could make that available to the Committee we would appreciate that.    Thank you. I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    I recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Allen, for 5 minutes.