    Chairman Cole. Thank you.    Mr. Cole. Well, we are not all alarmed because a lot of those get maintained at Tinker Air Force Base, Mr. Chairman. So I think we do that pretty well, just in case that was overlooked.    But it actually does get to the question I wanted to ask. And I will be sort of shamelessly parochial here. But I will try and include other depots as well. As you know, Madam Secretary, better than any of us around this table, about 70 or 80 percent of the cost of any weapon system is maintaining it over its project life cycle. And we all know that we are maintaining a lot of systems a lot longer than we ever intended them to be maintained.    So, we run into problems, like my friend from Georgia referred to, where these things are very difficult. Almost have to be individualized in how you overhaul each particular plane, because we are way beyond what anybody thought about, you know, how you would maintain them. So, even getting parts sometimes is a huge problem.    So, how comfortable are you that you have got what you need in terms of both the three major depots that you have, and, obviously, we have a lot of private contractors involved in this kind of work, and are we directing enough money into those areas if, indeed, we are going to have to keep these planes flying longer than any of us would like to?    Mr. Cole. On that point, on the hiring point and the workforce point, you know, frank--during sequestration, a self-inflicted wound we all agree was a mistake, but when we had government shutdowns, we also made a pretty big mistake, because we were furloughing people that we paid through the Working Capital Fund at places like Tinker that didn't need to be furloughed. And so a lot of that extra work was built up.    So none of us ever want to be in that situation again. But if we are, I would--and I ask for a response on this, I would urge that you keep the workforces that you can working. Don't just send them home because some have to go home. Make sure--because it was a much more difficult problem getting up, having lost their capacity, then we are in an overtime situation, and it is more expensive at the other end.    So when you can keep people working, and those workforces, again, because of way in which they are paid, many of them can be kept there. I would hope we could do that if we are ever in this situation again.    Mr. Cole. Do you have a comment that you would care to make?    Mr. Cole. I could make an assurance.    Mr. Cole. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cole. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    First, I wish our friend from Maryland had been in our conference today. I wish some of our budget hawks would have heard what you had to say. And it would have been helpful.    And Mr. Secretary, it is always good to see you back. You and Secretary McHugh have now established a home for retiring Members there at the Secretary's job, and done it in a bipartisan fashion.    Mr. Cole. Well, it is nice to have somebody in your spot, honestly, that understands our world here too. It really was very helpful with Secretary McHugh, and I know will be with you as well. I have two just specific questions that I wanted to pose to you, and both of them, again, are parochial, quite frankly. I have Fort Sill in my district so I am interested, number one, in the progress in the Paladin Modernization Program, the PIM program. Where are we at? Is it on track? Are you satisfied with the results that are coming out?    And, second, you know, obviously, one of the high-use assets that the Army has are Patriot batteries. We have got those deployed in a lot of places. So, one, I want your assessment of what we have, and the use. And, two, where are we at? We are going to have more and more threats in this area, as we know, going forward, so as you are anticipating, what do you see coming down the road?    General Milley. Yeah, well, two things. Paladin and Patriot. We are satisfied with the Paladin. You know, the entire--we think it is on track, and we think it is value added. And the entire Army modernization program writ large, whether it is aviation, whether it is artillery, whether it is ground vehicles, et cetera, as a broad statement to characterize the whole modernization effort, we are taking existing systems and existing technologies and incrementally improving them. And that is what I think is going to be the Army modernization program over about the next 5 to 10 years. I do not see, and I have looked at this thoroughly, breakthrough technologies that are going to change the character or the nature of ground warfare in the next 5 to 10 years.    When you get to 10 years and beyond, though, I think there are fundamental technologies out there that will radically modernize ground forces in the conduct of war. That is beyond 10 years. But from now to 10 years, this budget, and the FYDPs coming up, our modernization program writ large is essentially a series of spinoffs to incrementally improve lethality and survivability and mobility, et cetera. That is what we are going to see, I think, for the U.S. Army and ground forces. Specific to Paladin, I am very comfortable with where it is at. Where it is on track and the improvements that are being done. And your note on Patriot is well appreciated. The Patriot force is one of our highest stress forces. As you know, there is seven battalions of Patriot deployed globally right now in some high-threat areas. They provide a critical function to not only defend U.S. assets and U.S. infrastructure, U.S. troops, but also those of our friends and allies. So Patriot is critical. We have got 15 of those battalions on the books, and we have got 5 THAAD companies. We are trying to expand and improve Patriot, and a lot of that has to do with the missile itself. And we are trying to add additional THAAD batteries, but those are critical for the integrated air defense system in both Europe, Asia, and Central Command AORs.    Mr. Cole. Thank you.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cole. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, I am sorry I missed your testimony. We are all juggling a lot of hearings these days, so I apologize for that very much.    I will start with you, General Talley, if I may, and then, General Grass, you may want to hand this off a little bit. But I am interested in where we are equipment-wise right now. If you had to pick four or five areas of equipment that you feel like we are short or not up to what you need, could you shed some light on that?    And then I would like to ask the same question with respect to the Guard.    General Talley. Congressman, thank you for the question.    Well, here is where we are in terms of both our equipment on hand and the modernization. The Army Reserve right now is about 92 percent of our equipment on hand is there, and about 72 percent of that is modernized.    But the real challenge I have on equipment modernization is the Army Reserve's equipping/modernization budget is approximately 2.6, 2.7 percent. Our pre-9/11 levels, which I know you missed because you came in after my opening testimony, were 6 percent.    So pre-9/11, the Army Reserve--which was part of the operational force, but I think it is fair to say we were considered more strategic collectively as a Reserve prior to 9/11--I am 6 percent of the equipping modernization budget. Fast forward to today, I am 2.6 percent, 2.7 percent, depending on how you view the numbers, of the equipping/modernization budget. Thirty-five percent of all my procurements from really 2013 to 2015 were from NGREA. So this is problematic.    So we are lagging behind the other two components. And what concerns me is, since most of the enablers are in the Army Reserve and we have the early entry set, the theater forces for the total Army--you know, we focus on BCTs, but I got to make sure the enablers are ready, and the Army relies on me to get those enablers out there early and set the theater and stay in the theater. And this is a concern.    Now, the Army has recently come up and provided, in the current budget, some help on mission command, equipment, and modernization. But, collectively, overall, I have some strong concerns.    Mr. Cole. So you didn't answer in terms of specifics, but you do just have a big overall problem, period, that would affect almost everything you have, then, right?    General Talley. Absolutely. Sir, for the record, I can give you the specific details, probably the top five or six, if you would like.    Mr. Cole. That would be great. I would appreciate it if you do that.    General Talley. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cole. Could I ask essentially the same question to you, General Grass?    General Grass. Congressman, if I could, we are probably sitting very close to what Jeff mentioned, at 92 percent on the Army. The Air is a different issue. It is modernization of very expensive items. What NGREA, National Guard and Reserve Equipment Account, really helps us with is those critical dual-use, that we can tie them to the homeland as well as going overseas.    Looking at the current Army Guard shortfalls, engineer equipment, communications equipment, detection equipment in our chem-bio-nuclear-type units are things that we are looking at expanding and spending more money on. In some cases, upgrading some of our wheeled systems is also important.    On the Air side, in the homeland--and you have probably seen some of this in the press--putting the AESA radar, which is the radar that can help us distinguish small items, getting those on as many of our F-16s and our F-15s as we can to support NORAD.    And then there are some upgrades, as you know, on the C-130 fleet that we need to be able to continue to fly them in international airspace in 2020. Right now, we are on a path to get there, but if over the next 4 years the funding gets cut in any way, it is a problem General Welch and I have both talked about. Ultimately, General Welch would like to get us in a situation where we recapitalize our old H-model C-130s and get into the J's.    General Talley. Sir, I am going to sneak back in real quick for the record.    So bridge erection boats, $73 million; common bridge transport, so engineer stuff, $157 million; heavy cranes, $73 million; scrapers, which are big heavy junk, $48 million; and then palletized load systems, $286 million. Those are the type five, sir.    Mr. Cole. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.