    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Green and Mr. Pitts. Before beginning, Mr. Chairman, I just want to publicly extend my condolences to the families of the nine victims in Charleston, South Carolina who were horrifically murdered last night while attending a prayer meeting. So thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allowing me to digress for just a moment to offer my sympathies to those families.    Mr. Chairman, I support H.R. 1599. I am the bill's lead democratic co-sponsor. This bill is bipartisan. It proposes a national labeling standard for foods produced with genetically modified ingredients. The alternative is a complex and unworkable patchwork of differing state laws that can only cause confusion and do little to provide greater transparency. Several states have moved forward with proposals that would require foods containing ingredients to be labeled. This is in response to unsubstantiated claims that foods containing genetically modified ingredients are, in some way, dangerous in human consumption. I take exception to these unfair and downright dishonest claims.    Foods containing genetically modified ingredients are safe. The FDA, USDA, National Academy of Sciences, AAAS, the WHO, every major scientific and governmental organization agrees with that statement. Even opponents of genetically modified foods admit genetically modified foods have failed to produce any untoward health effects. But the demonization of genetically modified foods continues despite objective science proving to the contrary.    Those opposed to genetically modified foods simply reject science, and that is tremendously disappointing. And though I stand with science and my belief that these foods are safe, I understand the concerns expressed by the opponents and want to be responsive. That is why I have worked with my friend, Mr. Pompeo, and others in advocating for a Federal framework for labeling and crop commercialization that puts the FDA and USDA, our Nation's foremost food safety authorities, putting them in the driver's seat. 1599 is a balanced approach that reduces confusion by providing consumers with labeling uniformity across state lines that addresses the concerns of those who are opposed to genetically modified foods while not neglecting the fact that our Nation's farmers and manufacturers grow and produce foods that are so far and wide and not just within a state's borders. Without a Federal standard, Mr. Chairman, those farmers and manufacturers will be forced to comply with uneven costly and potentially misleading and onerous state-by-state mandates. Compliance will require new costly supply chain infrastructure that would disrupt the Nation's food supply, cause confusion and uncertainty. 1599 is reasonable. And most importantly, it is workable.    I want to thank the more than 60 bipartisan co-sponsors for joining me and Mr. Pompeo in agreeing that our bill is the best way forward.    I yield the remainder of my time to Mr. Welch of Vermont.    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, before getting started, I would ask unanimous consent to have two letters inserted into the record, the first one addressed to Members of the House and dated April 28. It is signed by nearly 400 stakeholders, including the National Federation of Farm Bureaus, as well as the State farm bureaus from Alaska to Florida. It is worth noting that the Vermont Farm Bureau is one of the signers. The letter expresses the support of the 400 signers for H.R. 1599.    I offer this letter.    Mr. Butterfield. Additionally, the second one, Mr. Chairman, addressed to Mr. Pompeo and me and dated April 16, 2015, is from 29 biotechnology industry stakeholders and state biotech associations, including the North Carolina Bioscience Organization and the Bio New Jersey Association. The letter expresses, again, support for 1599.    I offer this letter.    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Blasgen, I apologize for being in and out, but we are multitasking today, and I think you understand that. But thank you so much for being here today, and thank you for lending this committee your expertise in supply chain management.    I have come to understand our Nation's food supply chain is a vast and interconnected web that starts with seed development and ends on the consumer's plate. The complex process of feeding America is staggering. It is easy to appreciate why upending manufacturing processes would cause significant disruptions to the supply chain, ultimately will result in consumers actually paying more for the same food that they buy today.    Number one, considering that you have spent the last 15 years as a supply chain logistics expert, do you believe a Federal labeling standard is in the best interest of both American consumers and our Nation's food producers?    Mr. Butterfield. That is unambiguous. All right. Thank you.    I understand that there are concerns that the cost to comply with the Vermont law could exceed food company sales revenue for products that are actually sold in Vermont.    If companies decide to no longer sell products in Vermont or any other state, as that goes, that has state mandates because it is too costly for them to comply, it is the consumer, not the company, that loses. That is my logic. Would you agree?    Mr. Butterfield. What are the practical impacts of different state-by-state mandates on consumers? And why is a national standard in the best interest of consumers, in your own words?    Mr. Butterfield. OK.    And now to the other end of the table, Dr. Giddings, and thank you, sir, for coming.    At the December 2014 hearing, one witness said that some food companies label their food as ``natural'' even though it contains genetically engineered ingredients. He said that some consumers thought that was intentionally misleading because they believed exactly the opposite, that genetic engineering is not natural.    While ``natural'' is not currently defined, the original version of 1599 would have required FDA to do so. The amendment in the nature of a substitute before us today, though, does not.    Would you please share your views on the use of the term ``natural''?    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you, Mr. Giddings.    My time has expired, but you do believe we need a definition for ``natural''? Would that be helpful?    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you.    I yield back.