    Mr. Sablan. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, you mentioned this would be your last budget hearing. I think you should be proud. There are so many things in the proposal that would serve Americans greatly.    I am the only member here who is not representing a State. I am going to limit my conversation to one issue. The President proposed in his fiscal 2017 budget that the National Medicaid program be available to the 4 million Americans who live in the insular areas, including my constituents, in the Northern Mariana Islands, and thank you, this is a very welcomed proposal.    The people of the Mariana Islands are not as well off as the rest of Americans. Our median household income is about $20,000, and the national median income is $50,000. Because we have so many who are poor, we have many who qualify for Medicaid, 15,036 of our total population of 53,000 receive medical care through the Medicaid program.    As you know, Medicaid in the Mariana Islands and the other insular areas is not the same as Medicaid elsewhere. There is a cap on the amount of Federal Medicaid money that goes to our islands, only about $5 million per year to the Marianas.    The local cost-share of Medicaid is not computed on overall income as it is with the rest of America. So our Commonwealth, our local government has to pay 45 percent of the cost more like one of the richer US states would pay. We are not rich, however.    So, we welcome the additional Medicaid money provided by the Affordable Care Act beginning in 2011, about $13 million per year. That new money kept our only hospital open when the local government had to stop its annual funding for our hospital because of the Great Recession and loss of tax revenues.    That Affordable Care Act money is only available through 2019. What happens then? Does our hospital close? What about those now on Medicaid, do they lose coverage? I would like to give you the time to please explain to the committee about the President's proposal and how we are going to make sure that Americans in my district get the same access to health care as Americans elsewhere, everywhere else in our Nation?    Mr. Sablan. Thank you very much. It is very needed, not just for the Northern Marianas but for Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. I yield back my time. Thank you.