    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, in his submitted remarks, Mr. Duss notes that arguments by the BDS should be addressed in the American tradition, with thoughtful, considered, and ethical counter-arguments.    I would like to note for the record that Mr. Duss' father has accused Israel of war crimes and claimed that modern Israelis are not descended from Biblical Jews.    I would also like to note for the record that Mr. Duss' brother is infamous for his tweet, ``Why are so many Israeli politicians rapists?''    I would also like to note that Mr. Duss' work with the Center for American Progress reacted in the height of offensive anti-Semitic rhetoric when he attempted to build his views with Nazi-era posters on their ThinkProgress Web site. This drew an extremely rare rebuke of the Center for American Progress writers from the White House--a very rare thing, indeed--that these views and tactics were troubling.    In fact, this rebuke also further notes that the Simon Wiesenthal Center, the Anti-Defamation League, and the American Jewish Committee have all termed the anti-Israeli rhetoric of a Mr. Jilani and fellow Center for American Progress writers Eli Clifton, Ali Gharib, Matt Duss, and Ben Armbruster to be infected with Jew hatred and discriminatory policy positions towards Israel.    And so my question would be: Mr. Dubowitz, do you think that these types of arguments that are coming from this key witness that has been elevated to testify before Congress, are these thoughtful, considered, and ethical ways to approach the issue? Yes or no?    Mr. Russell. Thank you, sir.    And, Mr. Birnbaum, do you believe such tactics to be thoughtful, considered, and ethical counter-arguments?    Mr. Russell. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Kontorovich, do you believe that these are thoughtful, considered, and ethical approaches for argument?    Mr. Russell. Thank you, sir.    And so, Mr. Chairman, I am somewhat troubled that we have before us today someone elevated to come and testify before Congress that might have such a closet to be examined. And I find these types of approaches to the BDS problem to be unthoughtful, ill-considered, and of questionable tactics. And, as a result, I really don't want to hear any more that he might have to say in this hearing.    Thank you, and I yield back my time.