    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome, Mr. Cordray. It is not every day I have a constituent testify, so it is good to have you here. And apparently it is Central Ohio time because Mrs. Beatty went and now I am going. In the back you will see some folks from the Mid-Ohio Foodbank in Grove City, your hometown, that I am going to meet with after this.    I want to thank you for what you are doing to try to protect consumers. But I will tell you I do have some concerns about some of the methods your agency is using. And I would like to kind of--if I have time--talk about auto dealers, prepaid cards, and then if we get to it, TILA and RESPA.    Mr. Stivers. You may know that the Department of Justice has created a framework and I think both the national automobile dealers and the minority-owned--the minority auto dealers have developed a fair credit compliance program around the Department of Justice model. But I don't think any of that was used in the CFPB rule you are creating around participation of auto dealers. I am just curious, do you think the DOJ model doesn't work or it is not good or did that just not enter into your thinking?    Mr. Stivers. But you do have and you are working on getting information on their participation with lenders. So, you are using the lender to get into the dealers.    Mr. Stivers. I do want to share that I talked with one of my auto dealers and they gave me some stories about some folks from my area--your area--who actually got car loans through work at one of the auto dealers in our town, Reicart Automotive just down from where you live.    Mr. Stivers. And a lot of college students, a lot of first time buyers, a lot of people with damaged credit have actually been able to secure car loans. I want to tell the story of a lady who needed a car to get back to work.    She was a young lady in her 30s, recently divorced. Her husband had ruined their credit. She had three children. She needed to get back to work. She couldn't find a loan to get a car and that dealership helped connect her with a lender that gave her a loan.    And I think that is a really good outcome. But they are worried that under your proposed rules, they might not be able to work with that lender to help increase the competition and get people like this lady who needed to go back to work a loan so--    Mr. Stivers. Yes.    Mr. Stivers. Right.    Mr. Stivers. It is but there are still people who can't get access to loans right now for cars.    Mr. Stivers. If you can't get access to a loan, you can't get access to a car, so?    Mr. Stivers. I certainly wouldn't want your unintended consequences to be that you allocate loans away from the people who are most in need.    Mr. Stivers. I would use the Soviet grocery store as an example. So, sure, a Soviet grocery store never sold anybody bad vegetables or bad meat because they never sold anybody vegetables and meat. They were always out of it.    Mr. Stivers. So, you can--that is not the right way to protect--    Mr. Stivers. --consumers, so it is really important that I get that across and that transitions me to my next issue with regard to people who are in prepaid. And you talked about the short term lending. And many of the folks who do short-term lending, so called payday lending, might be banked, but for a lot of people on prepaid cards, that is their bank account.    Mr. Stivers. Their card is their bank account.    Mr. Stivers. And the way that the proposed rules--and I know you are still taking--I think you are still taking comments?    Mr. Stivers. The way the proposed rules work is that overdraft protection would be treated as a credit card or a loan but it is really--and so, they have to take an application. They have to do some underwriting.    It really will deny real access to these people and I would ask you as strongly as I can to take a look and see if there are practices you want to limit, if you think there is something that are best practices you want to encourage, you can do that. But don't take away people's access to this because if you make them opt in through an application, it will never happen. And these people will get denied access to that overdraft protection that they would have gotten if it was in a bank.    But because their card is their account, they are being denied access. So, I would ask you to look at the unintended consequences every time you do things from the car loans to the prepaid cards to TILA and RESPA, which unfortunately I didn't get to because my time is up. But please, look at it because you could become the--you could make us the Soviet finance system if you deny access.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you.