    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate each of you and your testimony.    Now, one of the things that we have been wrestling with in our State is that the Dodd-Frank regulations were intended for the large institutions but they bleed down to the smaller ones because it's impossible in the mindset of regulators to have two different mindsets when you walk in, so they are going to hold to the tighter regulations.    Mr. Kupiec, are you familiar with any of the effects that this is having on financial institutions in the smaller rural States, ones without the big megabanks?    Mr. Pearce. Thank you.    Mr. Pearce. If you have been inside the room doing the process, then maybe I would like to hear your observation on Mr. Stanley's assertion that tailored rules will limit the regulatory compliance impact, cause liability, other budgets, and it will mandate the prioritization of the cost of regulations to financial institutions over the offsetting benefits to the consumers.    Because I see that playing out exactly the opposite way. There is nobody from a big institution in New York who is going to come out and give a loan for a mobile home in my district, and 50 percent of the houses in my district are mobile homes. And so, there are people like Mr. Stanley who would say, no, they all have to come by the same rule, and it is not really unfair to the small people. Banks are closing at an alarming rate in the smaller States, in the smaller rural communities, and there is nobody coming from Washington, D.C., to give small business loans and to lend money for trailer houses.    So I would like your observations on his comments that that would somehow disenfranchise the consumers out there. It looks like putting them under the bigger regulatory standards of the big institutions is actually what is disenfranchising the consumers. Would you like to comment?    Mr. Pearce. But you as a former regulator confirm that your observation is that the people who percolate to the top in the regulatory field are going to be the ones who come from the big institutions, and they have that bias towards everyone following the same rule, and so you are confirming that.    Mr. Stanley, I would love to hear your observation as to why we in the small community shouldn't be screaming at the process which is eliminating our access to capital. The poor people in New Mexico are not going to be able to get a loan off of Wall Street, believe me. When you succeed, and people with your viewpoint succeed in shutting us down, we have nothing else. So I would appreciate your observations.    Mr. Pearce. Mr. Chairman, before I yield back, and I appreciate that, but those safeguards that were put into the bill you hear are being routinely ignored because the bias inside the agency says so.    Again, I yield back. And I appreciate your response, sir.