    Mr. HANNA. Pell grants. You could not be more correct. They ought to be year-round, and there is a conversation ongoing about that.    Interesting, Mr. Ratzenberger, I asked my wife why she married me, and it is because I do not watch TV, I do average plumbing, average electrical work, and I am an okay carpenter. That is her short list. But there is something strange about this conversation, and I say that because there is also something insidious about it which Mr. Ratzenberger sort of alluded to. Correct me if I am wrong, but we discouraged years ago the very thing that we are missing today. Now, one would naturally think that the laws of supply and demand would fix all these problems that we are talking about, right, but clearly, they have not. In my own community, there are a few hundred jobs that we know of, maybe a couple thousand, that is defined as the skills gap, and yet you would say that where there is a vacuum, labor flows in. But it is not happening. I am interested to hear what you said. It is because we discouraged people from going into the trades. I have Ms. Glas, 35 years in the operating engineers. That is what I did. That is how I made a living. They are great ways to make a living, but we told people that was not good enough. Somehow that was not appropriate if you wanted to, whatever it was, do. Now we find ourselves in a place where we are short of jobs for the very reason we thought we would not be. At the same time, we have this enormously costly 4-year educational process.    Mr. Perren, you talked about 2-year trade schools that prepare you for a lifetime of jobs, and we know that most people change jobs--it used to be once, now it is seven or eight times. It is disturbing to think that something so valuable at any point in our history was diminished, but Mr. Ratzenberger, what do you think about that? How did we get to place where we--this may be a philosophical question, too.    Mr. HANNA. To Ms. Glas, that is why I have always supported Davis-Bacon. What is wrong--Davis-Bacon is parody. You know who it is. What is wrong with making $70,000 to $100,000 with benefits? When you walk around the capitol here, people are a lot of things, but the thing that strikes me is the construction. The actual building, the physical presence of what we see here and the talent that went behind it. It is quite amazing. It is. It makes you feel bad, does it not? What we have come to is we need to be a society now because the world is so competitive and the world is leveling that it is those value-added products through higher education, more complex, more intellectual capital, like Elite, that will actually make us competitive with the world to sell those things that we cannot make here because they do not pay well and they can be done someplace else. But now we are in a position where we have to say we need to educate ourselves better, compete better, and as I said, make value-added products.    My time is expired, thank you, Chairman.