    Mr. Richard. Thank you. Chairman Denham, Ranking Member Capuano, and other Members of this committee and the Congress, my name is Dan Richard. I am the chairman of the California High-Speed Rail Authority Board. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to provide an update on the progress that California has made in developing the high-speed rail system.    The Federal Government, through actions by the Congress and the administration, has provided some $3.5 billion to commence design and construction of the system, funds that have proven vital to our initial efforts. Accordingly, oversight by the Congress through this committee is an important function to bolster public confidence that these funds are being well spent.    I am pleased also to share this panel with Administrator Feinberg of the Federal Railroad Administration. FRA has been a strong partner in this program, and we appreciate her leadership and that of her staff and her predecessors.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to summarize four key points in outlining our current status and progress.    First, the California high-speed Rail program is an essential element of the State's endeavor to build a sustainable economic future. The voters in 2008 approved what will ultimately be an 800-mile system with the first phase of 520 miles to connect Los Angeles, San Francisco, and the Central Valley. But what is more important here is that California is building much more than a high-speed train system. Our legislature in 2012 embarked on a $13 billion statewide rail modernization. High-speed rail is the backbone of that system, but that system extends to major improvements such as Caltrain electrification here on the San Francisco peninsula, improved Amtrak service, regional rail like Metrolink in Los Angeles, the ACE Train that is important in your district, Mr. Chairman, and much more.    All told, this rail modernization of California through statewide, regional and local systems will vault us into a more sustainable future and one that is also cheaper to build and maintain, much cheaper, in fact, than the cost of the equivalent mobility of new highways and airports required to sustain the 50 million people that we must serve by the middle of this decade--excuse me, by the middle of the century.    Second, high-speed rail construction in California is now underway. It is proceeding smoothly, and we are maintaining effective management and cost control of the program. We now have three sets of construction packages totaling $3 billion in progress across about 110 miles of the Central Valley. Hundreds of workers and scores of companies, including small business and disabled veteran businesses, are on the job.    But the indirect impacts have engaged thousands more already across the State. All of these construction contracts have come in under our engineer's estimates. In fact, the combined total, considering our low and high ranges, is that we have seen winning bids come in between $500 million and $1.7 billion less than we estimated these packages would cost us.    We have overcome startup problems like slower-than-expected right-of-way acquisition and higher costs for third-party contracts, but we are still well within our budget contingencies.    Third, our recent 2016 business plan marked a milestone in the development of the project. By emphasizing the completion of an initial operating segment from the Central Valley to the Silicon Valley, we laid out a plan that can be accomplished with available funds that are in hand or expected. Silicon Valley is the engine not only of California's economy but of the Nation's, and yet it faces severe limitations on housing and expansion. The Central Valley is historically an area of underinvestment. The prospect of connecting these areas of our State has generated enthusiasm in both regions. Significantly, based on more advanced engineering and experience to date, now our estimate for the total system completion has been reduced by some $6 billion.    My last point is that while we know this program has a controversial history and has had its share of hurdles, we are not only on track but I want to emphasize that we are absolutely fulfilling the purposes of the State bond act that launched this effort.    With respect, Mr. Chairman, I noticed that there was a statement that was included in the committee's notice of this hearing that said that the program no longer provides full high-speed rail service from Los Angeles to San Francisco. This is not correct. We are absolutely fulfilling the mandate of providing 200-mile-per-hour electrified service that is designed to achieve transit from L.A. to San Francisco in 2 hours and 40 minutes or less without an operating subsidy. There are no changes from that commitment.    As you know, we adopted the so-called blended system to share tracks with regional rail in urban areas like Caltrain, but that only constitutes about 15 percent of the track area, and this was suggested by one of your colleagues in the Congress and by local elected Representatives, and was recommended by an independent peer review group as something that could dramatically reduce costs while meeting the bond act requirements.    Unfortunately, this is one of many false narratives that have grown up around this program. I hope today's hearing will allow us to examine those issues and correct the record.    Mr. Chairman, thank you again for the honor of appearing before this committee. We look forward to your questions.    Mr. Richard. Mr. Chairman, I can certainly understand that concern. Let me allay your concerns this way. First of all, the number we should be focused on is not $3.5 billion but $2.55 billion, because the remaining $980-some-million is fiscal year 2010 money that does not have any kind of statutory deadline for expenditure. So under the Stimulus Act, we have to spend $2.55 billion by September 2017. We are about 70 percent of the way through that right now. Between invoices we have been giving to Ms. Feinberg's agency and work that has been accrued but not yet invoiced, we are at $1.8 billion. The burn rate to accomplish the rest is less than the average burn rate that we have seen in the last 3 or 4 months. So we have no doubt that we are going to meet the ARRA deadline for the expenditure.    Let me just say with respect to your concern, the purpose of the working capital request was simply to get ahead of money for land acquisition. Land acquisition is the most fundamental piece of the construction. If we can't deliver the parcel, the contractor can't do the work. So that is what we are using it for, and basically I would just say to you what you want to do with the ARRA money is what the Congress intended, put people to work. Waiting until the last minute, it is just not the way the program is going right now.    We got off to a slow start on real estate acquisition. We want to make sure we don't fall behind on that again. The working capital helps us get the real estate land acquisition done. But this is all about people building things, and they are doing it right now, and the burn rate is such that we will accomplish the 2017 deadline.    Mr. Richard. That--I will commit to that.    Mr. Richard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The train was never going to go at those speeds in the urban areas, even before the blended service. In fact, I don't know if my staff brought it, but one of the things I would like to submit to the committee is a page from our 2008 business plan which was before anybody even talked about blended service, when they were only talking about a single high-speed rail separate service. That map shows that in the urban areas, the speeds were going to be around 120 miles an hour. This is because of the geometry. You have to have the curves to go at those high speeds. You are really taking a lot of land in urban areas. It is very expensive. You see it in other countries. As you come into the cities, the trains go slower.    One of the great things about the blended service--and this is one of the reasons the independent peer review group recommended to the legislature that it support the blended service--was the notion that you could maintain essentially the same speeds in the urban areas that we would have with separate tracks but at a cost reduction of about $20 billion between north and south. That is why we decided that we would be able to do that.    It may have some impact on capacity. Mr. Flashman raised that question. We can talk about it. But it really has no impact on the speeds. I just want to say to you for the record, right now our engineers are telling us that the current design would get you from Los Angeles to San Francisco with the blended service in about 2 hours and 33 minutes. We are about 7 minutes ahead. So that has never been a concern that we have had.    Finally, just on your earlier point, part of the electrification program will be the installation of intrusion detection devices and other advanced mechanisms to try to minimize or eliminate unauthorized entry into the corridor there.    Mr. Richard. Fencing, electronic intrusion detection, things like that.    Mr. Richard. Right. I think it is sensors and fencing, but before I get myself to a place where I don't know what I am talking about, perhaps I can supplement that answer for the record for the committee.    Mr. Richard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Richard. The initial construction segment, which is the subject of our grant agreement with the Federal Government, is--I think it is 130 miles from Madera down to the Bakersfield area, north of Bakersfield. We stopped short of going into Bakersfield so we could work with that city to look at an additional alignment. So it is somewhere in the area of Wasco. At the moment I am forgetting the precise road that it stops at. That is the Central Valley segment, which will be the spine of the system.    When we made the change in the business plan, we said we need to connect the Central Valley to the Silicon Valley. Let's build no further south right now than we are building, which is why it seems a little odd to be stopping kind of in the middle of an almond orchard and turn around and connect to San Jose and San Francisco.    But what we also said in our business plan was that it really makes sense to enhance the service into San Francisco and to reach down to Bakersfield. That is an additional $2.9 billion, and we will be coming to the Congress and talking about the benefit of that connection because it generates $4.7 billion of additional ridership revenue.    Mr. Richard. I am sorry. I did not mean to go on.    Mr. Richard. And I apologize, but I am very happy to work with you on this because we think it will be an important enhancement.    Mr. Richard. Thank you, Congressman. Thank you for your kind remark there.    There are several things I would say. First of all, when the voters in 2008 went to the ballot, the legislature put before them a bond measure that said to them we want to get started on high-speed rail. In fact, the opening line was it is the intent of the people of California to build a high-speed rail system. But that bond measure, by its terms, made it clear that the money was not all in hand. There was $9 billion. By law, it required to be matched, so it could only be half of what could be spent. They talked about Federal money. There was no Federal program. There was no stimulus program. It hadn't been created yet.    They talked about saved money. There was no other saved money. They talked about the private sector. The private sector has historically done this at certain points in the project and in history around the world, but basically the people were told this is a down payment, we are going to get started.    Sometimes people say to me, well, you are admitting that you don't have all the money in hand to build the entire system right now. That is true. In Ms. Lofgren's district, they are building BART to San Jose. I helped start that project 15 years ago. They are still finding pieces of the money to finish it. That is just the nature of transportation projects. We build them in pieces.    The legislature in its wisdom, and the people in their wisdom, said we understand you are going to build this in segments. We want them to be usable segments. We don't want our money wasted on something that isn't going to have value. So the courts have basically found that we could do that.    I am sorry, I don't mean to go over on this, but we have the dollars in hand between the bond funding, the Federal money, and the Cap and Trade money we have been allocated, to build an initial operating segment from the Central Valley to the Silicon Valley. Are there some uncertainties about that? There are. Do we think they are being resolved? We think they are being resolved favorably, and we have confidence we can build it, and the independent peer review group told the legislature that they think this is a financially responsible and constrained plan.    Let me just stop there. I don't want to go on and on, but I think I addressed the question of before.    Mr. Richard. Congressman, this is a very complex State both geo-physically as well as economically. I had the chance one time to drive from Los Angeles up to Fresno and back to the bay area, and I thought I wish everybody could do that drive with me and then ask the question why this costs so much.    Over mountains, through ravines, through built-up urban areas, it is just a very complex topography. We have earthquake issues that, fortunately, you don't have to deal with in Texas. I spent a lot of time in Texas in my youth. I worked at NASA as a kid. I think you are pretty flat down there in Texas compared to some of the area here. That is one of the big drivers.    Mr. Richard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Richard. Well, I stated, Congressman, that I felt that if we could get all of the land that we need without ever having to resort to eminent domain, that that should be our policy and that should be our approach. Unfortunately, that is not the reality. Part of the reason it wasn't the reality is that when we had litigation and so forth, we actually had lawyers running around telling people don't settle with these guys because we think the project is going to go away, and that was really unfortunate. We ended up having to go to eminent domain in some of those situations.    But we have about 1,300 parcels that we need to get, I think 1,100 parcels for the first 130 miles. I think we are about 700-some-odd into that.    Mr. Richard. That is why the working capital request that we could accelerate that.    Mr. Richard. But there are some important urban areas there. In Fresno we moved an entire food processing operation, but most of it is rural. You are right.    Mr. Richard. We are going to do as much at grade as possible. One of the reasons that some of the contract bids came in below our estimates were that their engineers were able to suggest areas of at grade. I don't have the specifics in my head, but I would be happy to supply that to you and the committee.    Mr. Richard. I am tempted to refer you to the House Majority Leader about Bakersfield.    Mr. Richard. I think the main point, very quickly, Congressman, is that the legislature and the people in California deliberately said we want you to connect areas of the State. We are not building a straight line from San Francisco to L.A. We are going through the Central Valley. It is an area that has been left behind.    Just very quickly, three of the five most impoverished areas in the United States are in the Central Valley in California, despite the great wealth that we have there. Twenty-one percent of the kids have asthma. It has three of the five worst air quality districts. And if you want to get from Fresno to Los Angeles by air, it is $700. It is an area that has been disconnected from the rest of the State.    The excitement around our opportunity to connect the Central Valley and Silicon Valley, which is bursting at the seams, and to move not only housing but investment and manufacturing facilities there is enormous, and it gives diversity to the Central Valley. So there is a real strong economic reason why this program is structured the way it is, and I think we are going to see a tremendous uplift in the economy of the Central Valley that is going to benefit people far and wide.    Mr. Richard. Starting in San Jose?    Mr. Richard. Yes, we are.    Mr. Richard. I would say 55 minutes from San Jose you will be in Fresno in a car on your way to Yosemite.    Mr. Richard. Actually, today, it is not considered today, but I will tell you that there are people in San Jose that----    Mr. Richard. Yes.    Mr. Richard. First of all, as you know as one of the leading environmental voices in the California Legislature before you became one of the leading ones in the U.S. Congress, California has led the globe in terms of action on climate change, and our Governor and our legislature have just recommitted to that last week with an extension of the basic law, which was Assembly Bill 32. Now Senate Bill 32 by the same author has, as you said, essentially tightened down on the limits. Instead of meeting the 1990 limits by 2020, we are now talking about 40 percent below the 1990 limits by 2030.    Industry, and I think even the oil industry, knows that the best way to get there is through market mechanisms and not just rely on command and control. I have had this conversation with many of my conservative Republican friends. You want cap and trade to continue because you do not want to have everything be simply coming out of the error sources as a command that you will, smokestack by smokestack, reduce these emissions.    So I am very confident that with the action of the legislature last week and the bill signed by the Governor, I think it will now turn the dialogue back to the extension of the market mechanism of cap and trade as a way to help our businesses and industry meet these standards, which we will meet one way or another. But the market mechanism provides a very effective tool for them.    We have already gotten about a half-a-billion dollars from the Cap and Trade Program this year, even before the recent auctions that were, in fact, disappointing. But I am not an expert on this and this is not an official State pronouncement, but the things that I read from people are that the uncertainty around these issues was one of the big contributors to people holding back from participating in these markets. So let's see what happens going forward.    But today sitting here, I can say to you I have great confidence Cap and Trade will be extended, and I think it will be a successful program, as it has been.    Mr. Richard. Very quickly, one of the interesting things about California is we are the exact opposite of the rest of the country. The rest of the country, electric generation emissions are about 43, 45 percent of carbon emissions. In California, they are 22 percent. The rest of the country, transportation is in the 20-percent contributor. In California, it is in the 40s.    The only way we are going to meet our climate goals for Cap and Trade is basically to address the transportation sector, and that means the electrification of the transportation sector, not just electric vehicles, in which we lead the Nation, but regional and statewide rail systems. And what we are doing with high-speed rail--and again, I go back to the point that this is not just about high-speed trains. It is our total investment in the electrification of State, regional, and local rail systems. It is going to put an enormous dent in carbon emissions.    High-speed rail has been the glue. We have been the last funding source for the Caltrain electrification, the last funding source for BART car rehabilitation, the last funding source for the L.A. Metro run-through tracks. So we are basically on the forefront of electrifying California's transportation system. That is what will help us achieve our carbon goals.    Mr. Richard. Congressman, you raise a really critically important point. While I don't know all the different mechanisms we use, and I will be happy to supplement the record with that, the essential point is the right one. It has been a real tragedy that, as we have gone out to acquire people's property and we are limited legally to paying fair market value, many parts of the State have not recovered yet in terms of the downturn in the housing markets that occurred, and taking somebody's property at today's fair market value, which is less than what it was in 2008, seems manifestly unfair.    I can tell you that we have done everything we can to try to be aggressive in using tools to be fair with people, and we have also done things, particularly with our farmers, where what we have said to them is we will be quite liberal in looking at the impact on your property if we are only taking a portion of it. So, for example, we have----    Mr. Richard. I am sorry, sir.    Mr. Richard. It is.    Mr. Richard. Well, there are hundreds and hundreds of people who are directly involved in the construction right now. We have seven construction sites in the Central Valley of the viaducts, which are the long lead-time items. But beyond that, for example, the columns, the concrete that was made for the Tuolumne Street overcrossing was made in Lathrop, California. So people in that community, which is in the Central Valley, are working in a factory to make those pre-cast things that drive down to Fresno.    The other thing that I think is really important here is I am proud that my colleagues on the California High-Speed Rail Authority Board have set up a 30-percent set-aside for small business. Right now, we have 276 small businesses working on the project. We have a 10-percent set-aside for disadvantaged businesses. We have 94 of those on the project. We have a 3-percent set-aside for disabled veteran businesses. We have 46 of those disabled veteran-owned businesses working on the project.    Mr. Richard. Businesses. And I can just tell you one businessman who is a disabled American veteran, fought for this country, runs a business that does environmental remediation. He has expanded his workforce, including hiring people from the CalWORKs program who were homeless, unemployed, who are now working. One of them bought his first home ever. There are some really wonderful stories about the economic impacts here.    Mr. Richard. Well, when I was listening to the chairman say that I thought to myself, I don't want my name, I don't want the Governor's name associated with a piece of track in the Central Valley that doesn't connect to the rest of the State. So none of us want to see that.    Mr. Richard. Mr. Chairman, that was very clear. But I will just say this, to sort of take the extreme position on it. Right now what we are building in the Central Valley, if you just looked at that--and I don't--but if you just looked at that, we are taking out 55 at-grade crossings in the Central Valley right now with this $6 billion construction program. We are creating a passenger-only track system that will relieve pressure on our freight system because the Central Valley has the fifth most traveled Amtrak corridor in the United States. I have talked to major agribusiness people down there who can't get freight capacity. So there is a lot we are doing right now that will have immediate benefits in the Central Valley, but I believe we will be connecting it.    Mr. Richard. We do, Congressman. If I could just make two quick points.    Mr. Richard. Yes. On the southern leg from the Central Valley to Los Angeles, that is an estimated $30 billion leg.    Mr. Richard. No, but----    Mr. Richard. Sir, it is an apples to oranges comparison because the numbers we used are fully inflated over the life of the project numbers. That is different than a single point number.    But my main point to you is I wasn't here in 2008. I came in in 2011. The Governor told us to tell the truth to the people about what it would cost. We stood up and we told them that. I wasn't here for the earlier time. Today----    Mr. Richard. That is right.    Mr. Richard. That is right, and right now that looks like it will cost $64 billion over its life, fully inflated. That number, if it were----    Mr. Richard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Richard. I don't think I understand or accept the second part of your question, but I am saying that for the $64 billion fully inflated cost, we will build you a system from San Francisco to Los Angeles, including going through the Tehachapis.    Mr. Richard. Well, it is a longer conversation than we have today, but the private-sector money is going to be a very robust part of this, and it will equal about a third of the contribution----    Mr. Richard. I am trying to do this as quickly as I can. The private sector has told us--we are not able to offer any kind of a subsidy. That means the private sector needs to see the first leg operating before they will come in. Our estimates are that there will be about $20 billion of net present value of private-sector contribution----    Mr. Richard. Yes, sir.    Mr. Richard. I will say this very quickly, Congressman. In our business plan, what we use for our revenue models, if we had the system in place today we believe it would have to compete with the airlines. So we priced the ticket at 85 percent of a discounted airfare between L.A. and San Francisco, roughly about $83.    On your other question, it is a longer conversation, but I will say this, and I say this to you as a person who I know is a conservative Republican: We are building this system to be operated by the private sector. The Government would put in the first money, but it is the private sector that would bring their genius, their innovation, their efficiency to operate it. They are telling us they want the chance to do that. To do that, they know they have to compete with the airlines and they have to provide a service that would make money.    The Acela is not true high-speed rail, but it throws off operating cash. Every high-speed rail system in the world, once it is built, throws off positive operating cash. That is why the private sector wants to come in and operate this system, and they will be able to operate it successfully. We really believe that, and all our models and all our numbers--and we have the former vice chair of Bank of America on our board who has looked at all this and says this will operate profitably when we get it done.    It is a longer conversation. I welcome the opportunity, Mr. LaMalfa, to have it with you.    Mr. Richard. All but the Acela.    Mr. Richard. That is right.    Mr. Richard. You are.    Mr. Richard. Yes, sir. Very quickly. And by the way, I grew up in the DC area, so I am very familiar with Georgetown and the Metro and the communities that said no and the communities that didn't.    This is a particular passion of mine. This is how we really make the system work for everybody and meet our environmental objectives, is we have to look at transit and land use. I had the transit land-use committee of my board. We are looking at developing sustainability and connectivity and density standards around the stations. We absolutely need to do that and build these stations the right way.working with you in September in Washington, DC.    And Mr. Richard as well, we have communicated well. Early on we had a number of hearings. I don't expect to have another oversight hearing for some time, but you certainly had previous leadership that ran things a different way. We have had a great relationship and having a discussion about some of these, but we have not always agreed on our approach. But you have been very accessible, and I hope to address a number of the transparency issues. So we would follow up with some questions that we still have outstanding from this committee.    As well, I want to thank each of our other panelists. You each have different concerns, as we have different concerns, and your testimony today has been very helpful.    I just have one last thing that I want to touch on. We have an election ahead of us. There will be a new administration, and we still have $2.9 billion for the initial operating segment, which you say you need to have completed before we can have private investment.    So first of all, on the initial operating segment, regardless of who the next President is, it sounds like both candidates are making positive statements about infrastructure investments. What do you need? What do you anticipate going back to the Federal Government for on the initial operating segment?    Mr. Richard. Just to be clear, Mr. Chairman, our business plan says that even without that $2.9 billion, we can open an initial operating segment. What we are saying to the Federal Government is we are going to put all this money in at the State level, but if you help us with this piece, it will really enhance it, enhance the value, and I can follow up with you on that.    But I wanted to be clear, we don't need the Federal dollars to open the initial operating segment beyond what we have already received from the Congress and the administration, but we think we are ready to have a good conversation with you about the costs and benefits there.    Mr. Richard. Well, I am defining it south of Fresno or north of Bakersfield into San Jose, with more limited service to San Francisco. We can enhance service to San Francisco and reach down to Bakersfield with this additional support.    Mr. Richard. I would just say this, Mr. Chairman. Right now, if we got no more Federal money and we were able to build this, the Federal contribution to California's high-speed rail system would be 5 percent. I would submit to you that that is a far lower percentage of Federal participation of any major transportation project in this Nation. Without giving you a specific number, I would like to work with the Congress. Once we establish that we are on track and we are doing this in the right way, to have a more intelligent conversation, not just about grant money but about things that you can also do to help us accelerate private-sector investment.