    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good morning. Thank you for holding this hearing to follow up on the EPA's Animas River spill. When we met last, EPA Administrator McCarthy was here with us. Secretary Jewell, you were invited, as well; but I know you did not attend because the Bureau of Reclamation at Interior was chosen by the EPA to conduct the independent investigation of the disaster, and the investigation part was not yet complete. At least that was our understanding of your decision not to attend at that time; and that is fair enough.    In your absence during that previous hearing, Administrator McCarthy repeatedly promised that the answers being sought would be contained in an independent report produced by the Department of the Interior. She also said the report would answer who was negligent, who was liable, who would be prosecuted, and how this type of spill could be prevented from happening again.    Unfortunately, when we finally did get the independent report from the Bureau of Reclamation, it did not hold anyone accountable or find anyone at fault. It also did not explain why the EPA team made the decision it did that resulted in the spill.    It gives us the appearance that the Department of the Interior apparently jointly decided with the EPA that these areas were beyond the scope of view, when, in fact, these were the precise questions that our previous hearing focused on. It also failed to resolve a dispute between EPA and the Colorado Division of Reclamation, Mining and Safety.    We really appreciate you being here today, Secretary Jewell, hopefully to help us find answers to these questions that we cannot find in the report. We would like to know why the decision was made to move ahead with digging at the Gold King Mine site, if negligence contributed to that decision, whether or not Colorado state officials approved the decision to dig, and other questions the committee members still have.    I note that your written testimony today also quickly shifts from discussing the incident to discussing the need for cleanup of abandoned mine land sites. This committee has already begun working on proposals toward that end, including a bill by Subcommittee Chairman Doug Lamborn, that would authorize BLM's Inactive and Abandoned Non-Coal Mine Lands Program and Representative Jody Hice's bill to create a Reclamation Foundation.    We do need to acknowledge that the increase in claim location and maintenance fees, according to the change in percentage interest, as required by law, resulted in the relinquishment of more than 48,000 claims and a reduction in revenue of $8.5 million from these sources. Any proposals to fund further cleanup through these sources will have to be carefully examined. Given the perilous state of the commodities market, per ton fees on fill material moved, regardless of economic value, for hardrock and uranium mining may also not have the desired results, especially with concerns that hardrock mining companies would not be able to pass on the fee.    Furthermore, I have developed some concerns about the Administration's POWER + Program, such as, ``How do you propose to set up an AML program for hardrock mining in which money is actually applied for its intended purpose, instead of being diverted into community development in regions where coal mining is declining? ''--especially because the decline is attributable to this Administration's war on coal.    So, Secretary Jewell, before we can fix a problem, we need to know how and why it occurred. Back to Animas--I look forward to you helping our committee get more information about Animas, and I look forward to having a discussion about how the POWER + Program could be used to actually remediate and reclaim, as opposed to doing community development in communities that do not want to redevelop. They want to do what they are doing now with the people they have, the jobs they have, and the community and culture they enjoy.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Some of the proposals with regard to the future of abandoned mine land programs have been brought up this morning. So, since we are discussing the cleanup of abandoned mine lands, I want to raise a little bit about the history of AML payments to my home state of Wyoming.    Of course, in the original SMCRA that passed in about 1977, states got half and the Federal Government got half of the AML money. The vast majority of Wyoming's mining of coal occurred since 1977. Wyoming has been number one in coal production in this Nation consistently since 1986, and received half of its AML payments.    But over time, administrations and Congress were raiding our money and found different uses for it, whether it was to pay the retirement benefits or health benefits of miners whose mines had gone broke, or now this new proposal to do economic or community development in communities where coal mining is declining. It has been an effort to get their mitts on money from AML and to use it for something other than cleaning up abandoned mine lands.    Last week, the President signed into law a fix to prevent the raiding of AML money, which requires some of these payments to be restored to Wyoming. Now, that check needs to be cut and delivered to Wyoming tomorrow--tomorrow--pursuant to the bill the President signed last week.    Are you aware of this, and have you issued a warrant for the Treasury to make these payments to Wyoming?    Mrs. Lummis. OK. I want to let you know that the transportation bill that the President signed into law has a December 10 deadline on making Wyoming whole for past raids on its AML money.    Mrs. Lummis. Perfect. Thank you very much. It illustrates the problem--we create AML programs around here, such as is proposed in this POWER + Program, that would take $1 billion to give to communities for community development that have lost coal mining jobs; but it is not being used for mine cleanup, it is being raided for other purposes. In fact, it could be used to build recreation centers so people have somewhere to go who lost a job mining coal, or mining some other product such as uranium, that is also depressed, partly because the Administration is dumping product on the market that it holds.    And, the fact that the mining programs in this country were so heavily regulated during World War II--their hours of operation were regulated, the government controlled which mines operated, which strategic minerals were produced, the production levels, the pricing levels--all during the war effort. Thousands of mines went out of business as a result of that; they were abandoned.    This was all before we had an abandoned mines program. The government, literally, forced the abandonment of these mines. So, the Federal Government does have some liability. That has been acknowledged. That is part of the reason that EPA is helping to clean up some of these mines, because they were abandoned during World War II because of the mining effort.    Now, here we are, where the government is forcing the switching of fuels from coal to natural gas in the name of climate change. Then these jobs are being lost. What they want to do is create a new AML program, take $1 billion out for community development to pay miners who have lost their jobs. It brings to mind an old saying, and this is attributed to Ronald Reagan, ``If it moves, tax it. If it keeps moving, regulate it. If it stops moving, subsidize it.'' And what is happening here is coal mining has stopped moving, so we are going to subsidize it through this billion dollars from AML. My gosh, will we never learn?    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Gallego.    Mrs. Lummis. Mr. Chairman, I do have a request to submit a couple things to the record. One is a U.S. Forest Service publication, ``Abandoned Mine Lands: A Decade of Progress Reclaiming Hardrock Mines.''    I also have an email that I would like to enter. We heard Mr. Palumbo earlier assume that the figure that was drawn in the report was--it is Figure 39 in the Bureau of Reclamation report. It includes EPA's working assumptions. The EPA contractor who drew the figure confirmed to this committee in writing that he drew the figure on August 11, 2015, at EPA's request, and not before the spill, as Mr. Palumbo had just assumed. So, I would like to enter the contractor's email to the committee staff into the record.    The Chairman. Without objection, the report and email will be part of the record.    I just have four quick questions to end here.    The first one is actually a request. When Mr. Lujan asked for the Army Corps of Engineers peer review, I would hope you would actually honor that, and just send that to us. If you need a letter or a subpoena, we will go that route; but I would prefer if you just honor his request.    Here is where the questions start. You told Mr. Hardy that EPA, even though they knew a year in advance that there could be a problem, did not need to go by the letter of the Endangered Species Act, because they did not anticipate this actually happening.    Does that mean that if some bulldozer actually runs over an endangered tortoise or an oil rig actually spills oil on a sage-grouse lek, that those are going to be acceptable excuses?