    Mr. Horowitz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee. Thank you for inviting me to testify today.    The safety and security of Federal prisons remains one of the Justice Department's top management challenges, and the proper authorization, use, and tracking of BOP armory munitions and equipment are critical factors in ensuring the safety and security of our Federal prisons.    The OIG recently audited the BOP's munitions controls following an OIG investigation that resulted in a BOP special operations response team member pleading guilty to stealing stun munitions from a BOP facility. Our audit identified several weaknesses in BOP's policies and practices for safeguarding armory munitions and equipment, although we did find that BOP had not lost any firearms in those munitions facilities.    Specifically, we found weaknesses in BOP's controls over tracking, issuing, and reporting on both active and expired armory munitions and equipment, as well as institutions' compliance with existing policies. Significantly, we found that a BOP security officer can move inventory in and out of the armory and change information in the BOP's inventory data system without leaving any record that a change in inventory occurred.    We also found that information in the data system was neither complete nor accurate. Our audit also identified inventory errors that BOP institutions should have identified themselves during their quarterly physical inventories but did not. Additionally, the authorization and use of armory munitions and equipment was not always adequately documented.    Finally, we found that the BOP's controls are not adequate to ensure that only authorized armory munitions and equipment are stored in those armories. We identified unauthorized chemical agents and ammunition among BOP institutions' armory inventories. And in many instances, we were not able to determine if the munitions were authorized because BOP's lists of authorized munitions were outdated and otherwise inadequate. Our report made 14 recommendations to the BOP, and the BOP agreed with all of them.    The challenge of prison safety was further demonstrated in a report we issued last month assessing BOP's efforts to prevent contraband from being introduced into prisons. We found that recoveries of weapons, narcotics, and tobacco in BOP institutions had increased significantly. We also determined that BOP had not effectively implemented its staff search policy to deter staff introduction of contraband.    In a 2003 OIG report we recommended that BOP revise its policies to require searches of staff and their property when they enter prisons. More than 10 years--after more than 10 years of negotiation with its union, BOP implemented a new staff search policy in 2013. However, last year, the Federal Labor Relations Authority ordered BOP to stop using that 2013 staff search policy following a union challenge to it. As a result, more than 13 years after our 2003 report, BOP still has no comprehensive and effective staff search policy. We made 11 recommendations in our report to BOP to improve its ability to interdict prison contraband, and BOP again agreed with all of those recommendations.    Weapons in BOP prisons represent not only a life-threatening danger to BOP staff and inmates but also to those in law enforcement such as FBI, DEA, and OIG agents who investigate serious criminal conduct in Federal prisons. My office knows those dangers all too well. In June 2006 OIG and FBI agents were at a BOP prison to arrest six correctional officers on charges of smuggling contraband and sexual abuse of inmates when one of the corrupt correctional officers drew a firearm that should not have been in the prison and shot both a BOP staff member and OIG special agent Buddy Sentner. Agent Sentner returned fire, killing the corrupt correctional officer and likely saving the lives of fellow agents and innocent bystanders. The BOP staff member survived his wounds. Agent Sentner did not.    Such tragic events demonstrate the critical need for the BOP to have an effective staff search policy to keep dangerous contraband and weapons out of prison and to make sure it has sufficient measures to control and account for all of the munitions and other weapons that are legally kept in its armories.    This concludes my prepared statement. I'd be pleased to answer any questions the committee may have.    Mr. Horowitz. About 2 weeks ago we got an update report from BOP requesting as to four of the recommendations that we close them. We agreed that three could be closed. We disagreed on the fourth. And so at this point, 11 of the 14 remain open, and we would expect an update within 90 days from BOP on its progress on all 11 remaining items.    Mr. Horowitz. Generally speaking, it's consistent with the schedule we require of components that within 6 months we have made substantial progress towards closing recommendations.    Mr. Horowitz. We are, Mr. Chairman, absolutely.    Mr. Horowitz. Congressman, we obviously are not involved as DHS and the Department is in maintaining the terror watch list. We've done oversight work on how the FBI maintains the terror watch list ----    Mr. Horowitz. A very significant issue, Congressman, that we--because of the munitions issue, as you laid out, and what we just found in our contraband report from a couple of weeks ago that I referenced, one of the significant weaknesses in the BOP system is known areas in institutions where correctional officers and inmates who might want to engage in wrongdoing know they can go and not be on camera.    That relates to firearms issues, that relates to drug dealing, that relates to other contraband trafficking, and it also relates to a big issue for our office, which are alleged civil rights violations. We are responsible in my office investigating allegations that Federal corrections officers abused inmates. And the FBI is responsible for investigating inmate-on-inmate abuse.    And what we often find is whether we can make those cases and address those alleged civil rights violations turns largely on whether the action--the alleged events took place in an area where there was good camera coverage or not. And as I ----    Mr. Horowitz. That's correct.    Mr. Horowitz. Yes. Well, there are a couple, primarily involves updating their inventory control systems because we found you couldn't track--you couldn't--when we compared what they showed in their monthly reports versus what they had in the institutions, oftentimes the numbers didn't match.    Mr. Horowitz. That such a basic issue ----    Mr. Horowitz. I didn't put down the exact number of guns. I'd imagine Mr. Kane ----    Mr. Horowitz. The inventories that I'm referring to, the firearms are tracked in a separate manner, which is why when we check those, we found no lost firearms because they actually did track the firearms. Our concern are what are called expendables, which is ammunition ----    Mr. Horowitz. That's correct.    Mr. Horowitz. Tracking the weapon is obviously different from preventing their improper use.    Mr. Horowitz. Thank you.    Mr. Cartwright.--and for your good work bird-dogging the Bureau of Prisons and watching how they handle their firearms. This is work that reminds us how important it is to make sure our Federal agencies effectively, efficiently, and safely manage their firearms. The reason we do this, of course, is that when guns get into the wrong hands, they can have devastating effects on our communities. The tragic massacre in Orlando that is not yet a month old acutely reminds us of this, and my heart breaks for those families.    Inspector General Horowitz, given your investigative expertise, when looking for solutions to problems, why is it important to consider all contributing factors?    Mr. Horowitz. Well, when we look at issues, one of the things that's important to us when we issue a report is to be prepared to answer questions about whatever the potential factor could be using the inventory and the issues here today. For example ----    Mr. Horowitz. Try and make sure we get the whole story.    Mr. Horowitz. Thank you.    Mr. Horowitz. We found that they had kept track of the firearms, but we still found the inventory control issues that we found more broadly.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, broadly speaking, what we found at the institutions generally was we couldn't reconcile the monthly inventories with the actual inventories when we were doing it. So we didn't have confidence in understanding how that discrepancy--those discrepancies occurred, whether it meant a poor tracking system or whether it meant something worse like people stealing or taking improperly various munitions.    Mr. Horowitz. Absolutely, Congressman. This is a very important issue, and primarily, they involve tracking the contraband that's found because BOP doesn't know in a big-picture way how it might be getting--this contraband might be getting into institutions. Staff search is a very important part of this. There is not an effective staff search policy at the BOP. We talked about that 13 years ago in 2003.    Sadly, as the incident I recounted involving our own agent who lost his life at a BOP institution when a corrupt correctional officer had a weapon in the prison that he should not have had in there, used that firearm to shoot and kill Buddy Sentner, Agent Buddy Sentner, and shot but survived fortunately BOP staff member. There needs to be an effective staff search policy.    There needs to be better camera systems. As I mentioned earlier in response to Congressman Lynch's question, there needs to be tracking of what is occurring in the institution. BOP needs to do a better job on their new technologies they are using to their credit, but what we found when we went out to institutions was that the correctional officers and staff didn't understand fully how to use the tracking technology and the new technologies were being used, also how to use them consistent with the Prison Rape Elimination Act, which requires various steps to be taken before x-raying various people going into institutions. So we had a number of findings that we think BOP needs to take to address these issues.    Mr. Horowitz. We've certainly had situations where non-Federal firearms have affected communities. The example I gave earlier where our agent was shot trying to arrest the corrupt correctional officer was shot using an unauthorized firearm.    Mr. Horowitz. I think there are several steps that agencies can take. First of all, having proper policies and training in place is critical. We've found in looking at the BOP, for example, they had several policies in some places that were, we thought, best practices, but that was institution by institution. It was not at a broader level.    We think, in addition, making sure that the proper equipment is provided to agents so, for example, if they're going to be in their car, government car, they should have an appropriate storage locker if they're going to have a place to leave their firearm. They should not be leaving it obviously unsecure in a car. Those are some of the things that just off the top of my head that I think ----    Mr. Horowitz. There are disciplinary policies. We would oversee the ones at the FBI, DEA, ATF, the Bureau of Prisons, and the Marshals, which are DOJ components, and I can certainly get back to you on what the most recent numbers look like from those agencies in terms of discipline for any lost firearms.    Mr. Horowitz. Absolutely.    Mr. Horowitz. At the BOP where we did this review it doesn't happen regularly in the sense that there's really no historical audit that can be done because of the way the current tracking system is kept. A real audit would look at the change in inventory over time. That can't be done in the way the current system is fashioned but hopefully will be in the revised system.    Mr. Horowitz. We would have oversight over the DOJ, the Justice Department agencies ----    Mr. Horowitz. I believe the Department of Homeland Security has the largest total number.    Mr. Horowitz. Congressman, I don't have the total number across all Federal agencies with me. I can certainly get that ----    Mr. Horowitz.--to you.    Mr. Connolly.--is it in the millions?    Mr. Horowitz. I don't even have an estimate.    Mr. Horowitz. I have no data on that, Congressman.    Mr. Horowitz. Congressman, I couldn't agree with you more. There has to be consistent discipline. It's--there's got to be follow-through. One of the frustrations we've had as an IG office over the years is the failure to follow through on discipline by the agencies when we find issues. We've issued many reports, as you know, on that issue. And so I think there has to be two things. I think the inspectors general need to continue to call out failures to follow rules by the agencies that we oversee, and Congress needs to ask the hard questions when that--when those failures occur.    Mr. Horowitz. It's not. It's a standard inventory control system that needs to be built to track the munitions.    Mr. Horowitz. Thank you.