    Mr. Clawson. Thank you for coming today.    I am going to lay out a couple of observations, two or three maybe, and then you all can respond and tell me if you agree with me or where you think I am wrong.    My first observation is, if one of my nieces and nephews came to me and said they were going to take a job at the Federal Government, I would say, ``Don't do it. Your information is not secure. It is probably a lot less secure than most places you could go to work.''    Therefore, I am not sure how we attract great talent to do the things that we talk about doing in this committee not just for the security, but just to run the Government.    I am not sure that putting employees at this kind of risk will attract ``A'' players to work in the Government. Just all of my instincts tell me there is going to be residual impact from these kind of breaches that impact how well the Government does across the board. That is my first observation.    My second observation is, if I was sitting there running that enterprise, I would say to myself, ``Delete, delete, and more delete.'' My guess is that there is a lot of legacy data that aren't mission-critical right now, right now, particularly employees that have come and gone, records that are years old.    I know you are going to tell me you can't. But all of my own managerial experience would say to delete the hell out of this so that, even though that might make our job more difficult in the future, it will make the hacker's job impossible. He can't hack what doesn't exist.    My third observation would be, from a managerial perspective, to decentralize. Even if you roll it up on the internet in summary format later, decentralize. Decentralize everywhere you can.    I understand that everybody wants an ERP on a centralized basis, but do that at a summary level and keep the data decentralized so that the hacker's job is much more complicated and you don't have a mother lode of data that he can get into.    Now, I know you are going to take issue with those things. But if this was my board of directors and you all came in with this problem to me, those would be my first three reactions. If we ignore those outcomes and those possible solutions, it seems to me that we are living in yesterday's world.    Now, I know you are going to tell me why what I say is impracticable, but I still want to hear from you.    Mr. Clawson. But you would agree--excuse me for interrupting to reclaim my time--you would agree that a Chinese hacker would probably rather get into the central government than a shock absorber maker or a wheel maker or a basic industry parts maker.    Mr. Clawson. When you make that equivalency, I am just having a hard time with that. You know, having protected my own network, I kind of have to call you on that. That doesn't feel like the same level of being a target.    Mr. Clawson. Right. I have never had a personnel system hacked. I have had my product designs hacked. I have had my process technology hacked. I never had my personnel records hacked. It doesn't help my competitor.    Mr. Clawson. Well, if Congress can help with that at all, I would really like to be involved. In our company, we kept things a year unless we absolutely--you can't hack what was there 3 years ago because it is gone. That would eliminate a lot of risk, I think.    I am sorry I am going on here, Doctor. You can also take issue with me.    Mr. Clawson. My final follow-up. I spent a lot of years trying to centralize, as you say, to get the same kind of data all across the world.    I found out just by rolling it up on the internet and leaving it decentralized it was just a lot cheaper. I didn't have all this management problem. It ended up being safer because I didn't have a lot of hackers in the Czech Republic.    I yield back. Thank you.