    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So, I think that there are probably too many people in the NSC. I think there are too many people in a lot of parts of government but to me, it is the authority that they are exercising that is more important than the sheer numbers. In other words, if I had to choose between a bloated staff that was basically serving the core advisory function versus a leaner staff that was actually usurping the authorities of the secretaries, I would choose the former. Are most of you in agreement with that? I know Ambassador Bloomfield.    And part of the reason is I think when you have the model gravitating toward where is more policy being implemented by the NSC, it really detracts from the accountability that the American people have.    I mean, for example, Ambassador Bloomfield, I saw you served in different positions. You had to get confirmed by the Senate for those positions.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Yes.    Mr. DeSantis. And those were Deputy Assistant posts in the State Department?    Ambassador Bloomfield. Assistant Secretary and above.    Mr. DeSantis. Right. At the NSC, for example, we mentioned Ben Rhodes as the Deputy. He did not have to get confirmed by the Senate, correct? And he has been described as the most influential voice shaping U.S. foreign policy, other than President Obama, himself.    And so I think that somebody who is really wielding that much influence in our affairs of State should at least have to sit and get Senate confirmation. And if Rhodes is an advisor to the President and that is what he is doing, fine. But if he is implementing policy, if he is crafting things with the Iran deal, with Cuba, that becomes much different. And Ben Rhodes, and I appreciate your comments about him, obviously, we have had disagreements with him because of how the Iran deal has been handled. We wanted to invite him to testify but he is a member of the staff and so he doesn't come. He would not have been able to be confirmed to be Secretary of State or Secretary of Defense. I mean that is just the reality of the situation.    So, you are putting people who are implementing policy without having the check of Senate confirmation. And again, if there are White House advisors, I don't want us dragging in an actual counselor to the President. I think that there are absolutely legitimate separation of powers concerns there.    But then you also have this idea of putting the power in the hands of the NSC staff; then, you don't have congressional oversight, which is what we need to do.    Secretary Kerry has to come here because Congress controls the budget. Secretary of Defense has to come here and they have to answer questions about how the policy is being conducted. That is good for Congress but it is also good for the American people to be able to see what is going on.    As I mentioned, we wanted to figure out how this Iran deal happened. We invited Ben Rhodes and he declined to come. And I think his position, as it should be, I think that would be legitimate but I think he was exercising authority that went beyond that.    And then I guess the final thing that I think about when you have people on the NSC staff getting involved with military commanders in the field, totally going outside the normal chain of command. If we had military commanders that bucked the chain of command, they would never be able to get away with that. I mean that would be a cardinal sin to do it. And so we have a very clear chain of command. When you have a combatant commander they are reporting up to the Secretary of Defense and then to the President. It should be that we can't have the NSC staff just basically going around the chain of command.    Ambassador Miller, you wanted to----    Ambassador Miller. Yes, just very quickly on that. At least one of our intelligence agencies has handled the communications issue by basically saying no calls to staff in the field from the White House will be answered, full stop. Those calls will be referred to a headquarters across the river and we will worry about responding to staff.    We got, in our interviews, we got really, really tough commentary from the military. You all know General Mattis and a wonderful group, virtually all from the Naval Service, who felt very strongly about that.    One other, just one comment on confirmation. I, obviously, went through the confirmation process in the ambassadorial assignments and I found it very valuable. I learned a lot. An Ambassador represents not just the President but the country. So, I think a dialogue with the Congress is actually very helpful.    And when I was at the NSC, I was immensely comfortable coming up here to discuss issues where I knew members had concerns and nobody had to ask me to testify. I was happy to come up and talk. And I think that the end of my testimony speaks to that and that is, you can't legislate trust. You can't change organizations to create trust. You have to just begin to work with each other to the point that you say yes, these are all pretty bright guys and they all care about the country. And I hope that is where we might begin to move here.    I am sorry I took so long with that.    Mr. DeSantis. That is okay. My time has expired but I appreciate all of you guys coming and testifying. And I think that there is probably a consensus that this is not operating the precise way it was envisioned and we would like to see some changes with the next administration.    I yield back.