    Mr. Olson. I thank the chair.    And welcome to our friends from the FCC.    I am going to talk about privacy and the Enforcement Bureau this afternoon. I want to ask about what I call a what-the-heck moment I had back home.    About 2 weeks ago, Chairman Wheeler, you were on the Charlie Rose show, and you shared that in the next several months the FCC would address privacy of the networks. You stated, ``We need a voice in the collection of information about us,'' end quote. Those 10 words set off an onslaught of what-the-heck questions from back home.    So, Commissioner O'Rielly, I may be mistaken here, but doesn't the FTC have jurisdiction over the privacy of the networks, not the FCC? Are you concerned about the takeover, mission creep of the FCC getting involved in the FTC's business?    Mr. Olson. Mr. Pai, your comments, sir? Same issue.    Mr. Olson. I share those concerns.    Any comments, gentlemen, about this MOU that came out yesterday between the FTC and FCC? Any comments about that?    Mr. Olson. Again, what the heck?    And then about the Enforcement Bureau, the rise of the Enforcement Bureau, the current head was quoted last April in the National Journal as saying this: ``Generally speaking, I have found that most companies want to do the right thing. And when it's clear that something is impermissible, they generally don't do it,'' end quote. He said, ``When it's clear, they generally don't do it.'' But then he said: I'm almost always working in a gray area.    ``Clear'' to me means black and white. ``Gray'' is gray, nebulous. That gray area has earned him the title from the National Journal of ``the FCC's $365 million man.'' Back home, again, people say, what the heck?    So my question for you, Mr. O'Rielly and Mr. Pai, is: How does fines totaling $365 million help consumers, promote innovation and investment? How come they should have that role instead of Congress?    Mr. Olson. And that is very frightening for the market.    One final question. You guys are----    Mr. Olson. I only have a little time here. Sorry, Commissioner Wheeler, but I have one last question.    You all are in charge of the bureau, the Enforcement Bureau. Let's play like you are grade school teachers, you give them grades. What grade would you give them, A through F?    Mr. Olson. A.    Ms. Clyburn?    Mr. Olson. Ms. Rosenworcel?    Mr. Olson. Mr. Pai?    Mr. Olson. Mr. O'Rielly?    Mr. Olson. D-minus.    Thank you much. I yield back.    Mr. Olson. I hear you, but----    Mr. Olson . Pay this money right now. Yes. Again, we don't have that. You guys should not have that weapon. You should be working with our governors, our attorney generals. That is my interest.