    Mr. Batkins. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Subcommittee.    The Federal Government should endeavor to remove outdated regulations that stifle job creation and make our economy less competitive. That was President Obama echoing similar statements made from every President since Jimmy Carter. Both Presidents focused on regulatory accumulation and both tasked their agencies to look back at their existing regulatory slate and reform rules.    Yet more than a generation later, here we are again discussing reform regulation. And it is because regulatory reform has failed so often in the past that we continue to talk about its place in the future. When we say past reform has failed, it is not just a cavalier opinion, it is a fact. The agencies and the Administration tell us reform has failed. Every year the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs OIRA discloses hundreds of paperwork violations. HHS alone was responsible for 80 violations last year.    When Congress amended the Paperwork Reduction Act in the 1990's, OIRA set a goal to reduce cumulative regulatory burdens by 35 percent, a reduction of 4.6 billion hours. Instead regulators increased paperwork hours by 17 percent.    Then, Congress passed the Congressional Review Act the CRA, they instructed agencies to send all rules including major regulations to Congress and the Government Accountability Office, they haven't. In a recent report Curtis Copeland, at the Administrative Conference of the United States found thousands of rules that violated the CRA, including 43 major rules.    In 2012, only 71.6 percent of Federal rules followed CRA procedure. I am sure regulators expect better compliance rates from companies and that Congress expects better performance from regulatory agencies. The history of regulatory reform instructs the debate today. It is clear that given the current resources at agencies, regulatory reform and looking back at existing rules might not be a major priority. And that's understandable, but just look at the retrospective reports that claim that new ACA rules or the regulation on for-profit colleges universities is somehow considered a regulatory lookback.    Either agencies examine past regulations and seek to improve their effectiveness or they implement rules that to add to the cumulative regulatory burden. Too often agencies practice the latter. If that's retrospective review, then everything is. Asking agencies to issue new regulations and examine the cumulative impact of existing rules appears to be asking for too much. This is why scholars from across the political spectrum have endorsed the idea of an independent commission charged with reviewing the regulatory burden. A body charged with conducting a comprehensive analysis of the regulatory state while ensuring that our regulations remain effective could yield tremendous benefits.    The goal is not to undue the regulatory state, the goal is to improve it. There is so much we simply don't know about the 175,000 pages of Federal regulation. This ignorance doesn't help us ensure the health and safety of Americans and it doesn't help us promote economic growth.    As President Carter and President Obama understood, there have been tremendous benefits to regulatory reform, and there are additional cost savings that could be achieved here today. According to our estimates, it's successful. It could generate approximately 1.5 billion hours of less paperwork for Americans, anywhere from 48 billion to 90 billion in reduced regulatory costs.    The dual goals of a thorough review of the entire regulatory system and reducing burdens by 15 percent are ambitious, but so were the initial executive orders on regulatory reform. While past attempts at reform might have been unsuccessful, there is no reason policymakers can't learn from previous mistakes and establish a balanced system that increases transparency, evaluates the regulatory slate and reduces burdens and rules all while protecting health and safety. These are bipartisan principles, standard practice internationally and not controversial ideas.    Thank you for the time. I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Batkins. Correct.    Mr. Batkins. As of today, I think it was 9.98 billion.    Mr. Batkins. Correct.    Mr. Batkins. Well, part of the problem is that real reform in the past has been left entirely to the discretion of agencies and with no penalty or judicial review component at all. An agency can violate the Paperwork Reduction Act generally without penalty. They could not submit rules to GAO or Congress under the Congressional Review Act without penalty, and the executive orders are not subject to judicial review either.    It's my understanding that SCRUB--the SCRUB Act does contain that judicial review component, and here we're actually taking away a lot of what is supposedly a burden on regulators currently, which is to review the cumulative stock of regulations. We're taking that off of the agency's plate and putting it in the SCRUB Commission. So I think establishing a separate commission and including those judicial review components is something that will make sure this reform lasts.    Mr. Batkins. The RAPID Act wasn't something I specifically address in my testimony. From just my initial--I know that social cost of carbon has been a part of Federal rule making, I think, since 2009, 2010, varying every year and depending a lot on discount rate, but I haven't evaluated its----    Mr. Batkins . Impact on RAPID.