    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have concerns not just about the failures of OPM leadership but also the failures of its contractors, in particular USIS, because it looks like what happened here wasn't just recklessness or negligence; it was fraud. And I want to know how far up this fraud went. I want to know if the parent company knew about it. I want to know if the hedge fund managers that funded these companies knew about it.    So let me begin with Mr. McFarland. As you know, the Department of Justice joined a lawsuit against USIS in January for defrauding the government under its contract with OPM. And according to Justice Department filing, ``Beginning in at least March 2008 and continuing for through at least September 2012, USIS management devised and executed a scheme to deliberately circumvent contractually required quality reviews of completed background investigations in order to increase the company's revenues and profits.'' You assisted their investigation in this case, correct?    Mr. Lieu. As I understand it, the parent company, Altegrity, paid bonuses to top executives at USIS during the period of their fraud that amounted to about $30 million.    Mr. McFarland, to your knowledge has USIS or Altegrity paid the government back for those bonuses?    Mr. Lieu. All right. Let me enter into the record, Mr. Chairman, if possible, an article from the Wall Street Journal entitled ``Altegrity Executives Got Pay Out Before Screener Went Bankrupt.''    Mr. Lieu. If I could enter an article into the record.    Mr. Lieu. Thank you.    I ask a second one to be entered, which is an article from The Washington Post. It states that the Justice Department filed a motion in this case on Friday in U.S. bankruptcy court, seeking $44 million from USIS' parent company, Altegrity. That is from this Monday.    If we could enter that, as well.    Mr. Lieu. Okay.    Now, let me ask Ms. Barron-DiCamillo: For USIS to have upgraded assistance to prevent these kinds of breaches, it would have cost well less than $30 million; isn't that correct?    Mr. Lieu. Got it. Thank you. I appreciate that.    So now I want to ask Mr. Giannetta about the bonuses awarded during the alleged fraud.    Who on the board reviewed the deplorable performance of the CEO and decided to award him with $1 million in bonuses during the 4-1/2 years USIS was defrauding the government? Was it the board? Who made that decision?    Mr. Lieu. So you don't know if it is the parent company or the hedge fund managers? We don't know who did this?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. All right.    So we are going to send you written questions after today's hearing, and I want your commitment that USIS or Altegrity will provide answers within 30 days to our questions. Will you commit to at least that?    Mr. Lieu. All right.    Mr. Chairman, I also think the committee should call Jeffrey Campbell, the president of Altegrity, as well.    And let me now turn to Mr. McFarland.    You issued two IG reports, one in November of 2013 and one in November of 2014, correct, on OPM?    Mr. McFarland, you issued two IG reports, dated November 2013 and November 2014?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. So you issued two IG reports, dated November 2013 and November 2014, on OPM?    Mr. Lieu. No, no----    Mr. Lieu. Yeah. All right.    So these two IG reports, would you agree with me the 2014 report is quite similar to the 2013 report because OPM actually failed to implement many of your recommendations?    Mr. Lieu. Okay.    And would you agree with me that this isn't a difference of opinion; you actually had OPM violating standards that the administration had put in?    So, for example, in 2014, your report on page 24 says OPM was not compliant with the Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M-11-11 that required two-factor authentication. On page 12, you also said that OPM was not compliant with National Institute of Standards guidance saying that they should just do a risk assessment.    And you would agree that OPM was not following these standards, correct?    Mr. Lieu. Okay.    Director Archuleta, do you take responsibility for not following OMB guidance as well as guidance from the National Institute of Standards, which, had you followed, could have prevented these breaches?    Mr. Lieu. Yes or no, do you accept responsibility for those two failures?    Mr. Lieu. It is a yes or no. The IG identified that--look, do you accept responsibility for not following the OMB guidance and the National Institute of Standards guidance?    Mr. Lieu. It's just a yes or no. Either you----    Mr. Lieu. You don't have to accept responsibility. I just want to know if you do.    Mr. Lieu. This is not an audit. This is the OMB. It is this administration's guidance.    Mr. Lieu. All right. My time is up.    Mr. Lieu. So I take it, you actually don't take responsibility.    I yield back.