    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    This is a follow-up to our November 17, 2015, hearing, and as part of my opening remarks, I would actually like to yield to the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hurd.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    This is a very important hearing. In the IT sector, it is absolutely critical that we secure our data. We have seen the data breaches of huge proportions in the private sector; we have seen them at the White House, the Department of State, Internal Revenue Service, and certainly the Office of Personnel Management.    Like these agencies, the Department of Education is a prime target. It houses the personal information of more than 139 million Americans. The data breach at the Office of Personnel Management was something like 22 million, but there are 139 million Americans that would be affected by a data breach at the Department of Education.    We also need to remember that the Department of Education also oversees a student loan portfolio of more than $1.2 trillion. This puts it on the proportion of Citibank and other major financial institutions. It is critical because taxpayers deserve the best in our chief information officer, and they are not getting the best at the Department of Education.    The inspector general testified recently the Department continues to be vulnerable to security threats and has repeatedly failed to implement the recommendations and failed to detect friendly hacks into their system. The Department scored a negative--it was one of just a handful of agencies--but a negative 14 percent on the Office of Management and Budget's cyber sprint. Cyber sprint was intended to get government-wide, get them up to speed, put more security in place, and yet the Department of Education was one of a handful of agencies that actually scored negative on that. And they received an F in the FITARA scorecard. This is a self-reported score, and they scored an F.    Mr. Harris has served as the chief information officer since 2008, and by virtually every metric, he is failing to adequately secure the Department's systems.    The committee's concerns were further amplified after learning Mr. Harris was investigated for possible criminal and administrative misconduct. The IG closed its investigation a few months ago, finding that the CIO potentially broke 12 Federal laws, regulations, and/or agency directives. But the Department of Justice refused to prosecute. That is a mystery to us. We don't understand why they would not prosecute such wide use and abuse of the system.    Mr. Harris was running two side businesses he intentionally failed to disclose on federally required ethics forms--a home theater installation business, a car detailing business--and inappropriately used agency resources and most likely agency time. Mr. Harris also admitted to the inspector general he did not report the income to the Internal Revenue Service. Now, most Americans would get in trouble for this type of situation, basically hiding information from the IRS.    Additionally, the inspector general raised serious allegations that Mr. Harris influenced a government contract. As a high-ranking public official, Mr. Harris played a role in awarding and oversight in contracts to a close friend's company.    Equally disconcerting are the anonymous tips that the inspector general described Mr. Harris's leadership as intimidating. This investigation started because people within the Department of Education expressed concern as whistleblowers, and the morale in the office of the CIO is an all-time low due to a dysfunctional environment that Mr. Harris has cultivated.    Let me put up the first--the chart. There we go.    Chairman Chaffetz. We rely heavily upon a disinterested third party to come in and evaluate. These are 14 metrics in the Office of the CIO at the Department of Education. Every single score is going down. Every single one of those is negative. And the Office of the Chief Information Officer at the Department of Education scored 285 out of 320, near the very bottom of his class.    You can take that chart down.    Look at the turnover rate for the IT staff within the Department of Education. Fiscal year it was down--it was 5 percent. Turnover rate in fiscal year 2014 was 6 percent. Turnover rate in 2015 was 10 percent. It is a key metric in an understanding that maybe things aren't very good in that department. Every key metric is down. They are scoring an F on their scorecard.    You have got an IG who is making a recommendation for criminal prosecution with the Department of Justice, and what does the Department of Education do? They give him bonuses. More than $200,000 in bonuses Mr. Harris got over the last 10 years. And I want to know why. We have got good quality people working at the Department of Education, and we have got something wrong going on in that department and we are bonus-ing him up? That makes absolutely no sense.    Mr. Harris came and testified before this committee in November. I asked him a basic question about IT. Are you using COBOL? COBOL was instituted in the 1960s. The answer was no, we are not using it. It ends up they have more than 1 million lines of code in the Central Processing System, also in the National Student Loan Database. So he is off with these other businesses getting subordinates to do the work, taking bonuses, has three other jobs, and we are giving him bonuses.    Every single metric is going down, scoring an F on the scorecard, there is a vulnerability, and there is 139 million people who are at risk. We don't have time to play these kind of games. This is exactly what the Oversight and Government Reform Committee is all about.    Mr. Harris has had roles as an adjunct professor at Howard University, consulting for the Detroit public schools. He does IT consulting services for the city of Detroit. Congratulations. You don't have time to do that stuff.    Simply put, when the CIOs fail to bring high management and ethical standards to their work, institutions suffer, systems are weakened, and the data of millions of Americans are in danger.    For all the wrongdoing here, I am telling you there are a lot of good people who rely on the Department of Education. They work there. There are people at home in every State and every corner of our country who rely on this. But you know what? There are 10, 10 senior officials at the Department of Education under investigation right now. Mr. Harris is one of them. Bob Shireman is another one. Who are the other ones? Because this is an agency that has to function. If we are going to pour the billions of dollars in it, they have got to deal with it ethically. But we are looking at a situation here that is not going well, and that is why we have the hearing here today.    Chairman Chaffetz. With that, I will now recognize the ranking member. We are glad to have Ms. Plaskett filling that role today. And we will now recognize her. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. And we will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our witnesses. Mr. Danny Harris currently serves as the chief information officer of the United States Department of Education, a role he has served in since 2008. Prior to his current position, Mr. Harris served as deputy chief financial officer for 5 years. In his capacity, he was responsible for contract administration, grant management, accounting, risk management, internal controls, internal travel, and financial management systems.    Ms. Sandra Bruce currently serves as the deputy inspector general of the United States Department of Education, and she has more than 30 years of experience directing, overseeing, and managing complex audit inspections and investigative-related programs.    Ms. Susan Winchell has served as the assistant general counsel for ethics at the United States Department of Education since 2007. Ms. Winchell previously served as the deputy assistant general counsel and is the associate general counsel at the U.S. Office of Government Ethics.    Mr. John King currently serves as the Acting Secretary of Education, a position he assumed in January of 2016. Before becoming Acting Secretary, Mr. King had served since January of 2015 at the Department as the principal senior advisor. This is Mr. King's first time testifying before our committee, and we welcome you here today. Thank you for joining us.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Please be seated. Let the record reflect that the witnesses all answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate if you would please limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes, and your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    Mr. Harris, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Bruce, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Winchell, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. King, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Your microphone doesn't appear to be on there.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize Ms. Plaskett for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I am now going to recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Harris, when did you first get to know William Hall?    Chairman Chaffetz. Your microphone, please.    Chairman Chaffetz. Which year did you meet him? 2000?    Chairman Chaffetz. In your testimony you said, ``My personal relationship with the individual developed several years after the date and occurred when I moved in 2008 to a new neighborhood and discovered the individual lived nearby.''    Chairman Chaffetz. You didn't spend time with him in 2005? E Source was awarded a sole-source contract, and you were designated the program manager for that contract, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. You were the program manager, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. But did you interact with them? You were the program manager.    Chairman Chaffetz. 2006 E Source was awarded another contract, and you are again made program manager for that, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. The point is, based on your testimony, your written testimony, you said you really got to know him in 2008, but it is clear that you had known him since 2001. There was somebody that had--they had recommended--Mr. Hall had recommended to come work for you, who then you hired and then she oversaw those contracts, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. We are going to explore that a little bit more, and be careful about how you answer that one.    Mr. King, you said that you saw no violation of law, regulation, or policy, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. So let's go through this. Mr. Harris, we know that you were friends with this William Hall. We know that you interacted with him. During 2008 to 2011, you had had some 700 phone calls with Mr. Hall, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, we have the phone records. These are the 700 calls, 700 during that time frame. There are two contracts that get awarded during that time, correct? One was a renewal, one was a new one?    Chairman Chaffetz. You are in charge. You are obviously very good friends with this person. According to the inspector general, you actually, either you or your company--you call it a hobby; I don't buy it. When you have revenue, you set up a company, you don't disclose it on your ethics form, you don't disclose it to the IRS. This is something you have already admitted.    So, Mr. King, how is that not a violation of regulation, policy, or the law? He admitted that he had outside income above the $200 threshold and he did not report it neither to the IRS, nor on the ethics form. How is that not a violation of law, regulation, or policy?    Chairman Chaffetz. But you are asked to review that. You are the one that is supposed to look at that. You are not just supposed to read it and say, hey, that is what they say. You still to this day believe that Mr. Harris has done nothing wrong?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, I want to know what you believe. All this evidence we have thrown out there, you still believe that there is nothing he has done wrong?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, your responsibility is to make a judgment ----    Chairman Chaffetz. You are hired for your judgment. You are the Acting Secretary.    Chairman Chaffetz. I asked you if you believed that he had done anything wrong. To this day do you believe he has done anything wrong?    Chairman Chaffetz. In your mind, is that doing something wrong?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is it a violation of policy or regulation or law to have outside income and not disclose it?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no, no, no, Mr. King, with all due respect, you are smart guy. You are in this position for a reason. I am asking you, is it appropriate? Because everybody at the Department of Education is watching you and what you are doing, and there is a reason why you are scoring near the bottom of the heap, bottom 10 percent of everybody in government. Every single key metric we look at is going down, and it is your leadership that is on the line. I am asking you, is it appropriate, is it a violation of law, regulation, or policy to have outside income and purposely not disclose it?    Chairman Chaffetz. He admitted that he didn't do it.    Chairman Chaffetz. He admitted he didn't do it. You don't think that is ----    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no ----    Mr. King.--with respect to cybersecurity since January of 2015.    Chairman Chaffetz. You got an F. You are one of only a couple agencies that during the cyber sprint you went down, and you are here to tell us things are getting better? I don't buy it. The question before you, again, last time--I don't want to badger you. This is the last time I am going to ask this. It is a simple question. Is it appropriate, is it a--or let me put it another way. Is it a violation of law, regulation, or policy to have outside income above $200 or more and not report it? Because he has admitted that he hadn't reported it.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you if it was a violation, not did he go through counseling, which didn't do crap. Did he or did he not violate policy?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Harris, what kind of bonus to you get last year, 2015?    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. So $230,000 in bonuses, really? You can justify that?    Chairman Chaffetz. There is no metric, with all due respect--and I appreciate the time here--there is not a single metric, not one that is positive. Every single metric has gone down.    With that, my time is more than expired. I will now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    And I would--as we recognize Mr. Farenthold here, Mr. Harris, you previously served as the deputy chief financial officer. We introduced you as being responsible for contract administration, grant management, accounting. Your ignorance about contracting is, I think, without merit.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the delegate from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. Kelly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Before the gentleman yields back, I ask unanimous consent to enter two documents into the record. One is a memorandum from Mr. John King, who is sitting before us today, to Aaron Jordan, Assistant Inspector General for Investigations, of June 23 of 2015. This is where he says, ``Overall, we found no violations of law or regulation.'' Further, in finding 1, he said, ``It does not appear to support the conclusion Mr. Harris violated any law or regulation or any standard of ethical conduct.'' Any standard of ethical conduct. You want to get to the heart of why we are here today, it is that.    I also ask unanimous consent to enter into the record July 9, 2015. This is to Danny Harris from Susan Winchell, follow-up ethics guidance. And without objection, we will enter these into the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. This document gives us huge concern given that Ms. Winchell's conclusion was that it is the employee's responsibility to ask and really what you should do is just ask next time. And quite frankly, I don't know, Ms. Winchell, why we should even hire you if that is just your advice because there is no enforcement. This is the concern.    I will now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Don't worry. We are going to keep going. We are going to be here for a while.    Mr. Clay, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. You get two gold stars for concluding on time.    Chairman Chaffetz. Your first two gold stars, I would note, but two nonetheless.    Chairman Chaffetz. We will recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, now for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, the subcommittee chairman on Information Technology, Mr. Hurd, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize myself.    Ms. Bruce, how long have you been in the Inspector General's Office?    Chairman Chaffetz. And to the best of your recollection just in general, how many criminal referrals have you been involved in and engaged with during that time?    Chairman Chaffetz. But since you have become ----    Chairman Chaffetz. But it is a handful, right? This is not something that happens week in and week out.    Chairman Chaffetz. Oh, criminal referrals to the Department of Justice.    Chairman Chaffetz. And so when you do that, you have come to a finding that you believe is fairly serious. If we could put up the slide of the potential violations here.    Chairman Chaffetz. So this is the slide of the potential violations coming out of the IG to the Department of Justice. Now, the Department of Justice didn't come to a conclusion and say you are absolutely wrong. They just decided not to prosecute, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. So we can take that slide down.    Mr. King, this is one of the problems. Because the Department of Justice believes that you as the Acting Secretary have the ability within your realm to enact the remedies, they decide not to prosecute. Don't come before this committee, as I believe you did, to try to infer that because there was no prosecution, there was nothing wrong there.    Are you telling me, Mr. King, that Ms. Bruce and the inspector general is wrong on all 12 of those, not even the standard of breaking the law, but as you said, you have listed out, ``no violation of law, regulation, policy, or ethics''?    Chairman Chaffetz. And they make ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you are the final ----    Mr. King.--predecessor and to my predecessor's predecessor. In each case we took it seriously. We provided counseling. The conduct that was in question stopped in 2013.    Chairman Chaffetz. What is it that Mr. Harris did--and I want to explain the reason why I think this is so vital. We have thousands--how many people at the Department of Education? How many people work at the Department of Education?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Mr. Harris gets a $15,000 bonus. You probably didn't hand out a whole lot of those, but a lot of people didn't get bonuses, and probably most didn't get those high of bonuses. They work hard, they care, they are doing things right. They don't need counseling sessions. They don't need inspectors general to come in and interview them. They don't need to have a Department of Justice review their file. And put up the scorecard again.    Chairman Chaffetz. This is an objective. This isn't Congress. This is not some Republican or Democratic thing. ``Best places to work'' category is the change between 2014 and 2015, every single key metric is down, every single one. And it is listed as one of the worst places to work, and your turnover rate is near 10 percent.    So, Mr. King, what--you can take that slide down--what is it that Mr. Harris did that justifies pulling money out of the taxpayers' pocket and giving him a $15,000 bonus?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can I stop you right there, please? You scored an F in what you self-reported. The Office of Management and Budget put out a cyber sprint. You were one of, I think, three or four agencies that scored a negative. Everybody else bolted ahead. So ----    Chairman Chaffetz. And every single metric was negative, every single one. The problem is Mr. Harris has been in charge--you can say, well, it was so bad at 11 percent that we had such great improvement. The problem is he has been in charge since 2008. It is not like he just inherited this and he hasn't had a few months to fix it. What specifically did Mr. Harris do to justify the Congress appropriating people's money, $15,000?    Chairman Chaffetz. Again, you are looking at an inspector general report that comes out midyear, criminal referrals, every single metric is down, 10 systems still to this date with expired authorities to operate, one has PII information, 54 unsupported software systems. You have an inspector general who can go in there undetected into the system. You have the 139 million Social Security numbers and this guy gets a bonus. This is why we have zero confidence in you personally, zero.    Now, I want to ask a few more things because I am telling you, this bothers me to no end. Mr. Harris, you gave a loan to one of your employees, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Has that been repaid?    Chairman Chaffetz. When?    Chairman Chaffetz. You listed two other jobs that you currently also have, right? You teach, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. How much time does that take?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Mr. Harris.--talk about my role as CIO. My average day is 12 hours, and my superiors and colleagues and customers call me all times of the night and weekends. If you look at my leave balances, I am rarely away from the Department. So, yes, I do work a lot, but I am very passionate and very serious about my job.    Chairman Chaffetz. What is the other job that you have that generates income? There is another one.    Chairman Chaffetz. But you had before. You were working for the city of Detroit, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. And how much time did that take?    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Bruce, let's go back to this. Does the inspector general's office believe that this was a business or a hobby?    Chairman Chaffetz. And were those paid employees subordinates of Mr. Harris?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is that a violation of policy? I am asking for your professional opinion here.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Harris, who is Christopher Claiborne?    Chairman Chaffetz. So he works for you?    Chairman Chaffetz. He is in your organization. You are the boss, right? If you came into his office and said do this, would he do it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Come on. Seriously? He works where? His title, as best I can tell, Christopher Claiborne--and I don't mean to bring him into this. I am sure he is a nice guy, but I am sorry to have to invoke his name here, but you are just not being candid with us. He is an operations manager, Office of the Chief Information Officer, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Have you asked him to do work for you?    Chairman Chaffetz. In what?    Chairman Chaffetz. In your outside business was he involved?    Chairman Chaffetz. So when he sends this email dated November 6, 2009, saying ``If you have time, I'd like to talk to you about one. This is a million-dollar home in Beech Tree I'd like us to complete''--talking about leather chair recliners for a theater, complete theater, complete bar area. I can go on. ``I sent you pictures.'' He is doing all that. You're just telling me--how does that come about? He is just involved with you in a hobby.    Chairman Chaffetz. Really?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you are his boss? You are ultimately in his office?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. King, do you think this is acceptable?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, I am asking you about ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Or concerned?    Chairman Chaffetz. Was it unethical when it was happening at the time if nobody said it and it was continuing today? Is that unethical?    Chairman Chaffetz. But what ----    Mr. King.--to that effect.    Chairman Chaffetz. So good judgment would have said he wouldn't have done that. Unethical judgment would have said--where is the line here? Come on. You have got 4,000 employees. They are all watching this hearing. Explain to somebody who is there and says, you know, my boss has a business and a hobby and, you know what, I bet if I helped them make money, that might help me. Is that a reasonable conclusion?    Chairman Chaffetz. What if there is ----    Mr. King.--to that effect.    Chairman Chaffetz. What if there is actual impropriety?    Chairman Chaffetz. You really think that Ms. Bruce and the Office of Inspector General need a criminal referral because they believed there was no violation of law, regulation, policy, or ethics?    Chairman Chaffetz. I will now recognize Ms. Plaskett for as much time as she would like.    Chairman Chaffetz. If I can ----    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentlewoman would yield, there are still contracts that this company has that you have a responsibility for, right? I mean, you are the CIO. They are contracts with the Department of Education regarding CIO issues.    Chairman Chaffetz. How can you claim you don't have a responsibility when you are the chief information officer? Those contracts are still outstanding, Ms. Winchell. They are still there. They are still in place. They still get money from the American taxpayer via the Department of Education ----    Chairman Chaffetz. But you did, according to the inspector general, previously engage in the selection. According to the inspector general, there was one contract where another company's proposal was ``significantly greater than the proposed by other offerers.'' And that the IG writes that the decision was changed to go to your friend William Hall's company ``based at least in part on input from Mr. Harris.''    Chairman Chaffetz. You have gotten promoted since, then, and the contracts continue. So to say that you have no interaction, no responsibility, you are the chief information officer. This is the ethical problem that it then presents because you did help him get this contract.    Chairman Chaffetz. You are the CIO, and they are a vendor. How do you not have responsibility for that?    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I have a few things to clean up.    Mr. Harris, William Hall was the person in question here. He may be the finest man, offering good services. I hope so. We are sending him I don't know how many dollars, so I am guessing millions of dollars. According to the inspector general, you actually went to his house and installed home theater equipment, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Was that you personally?    Chairman Chaffetz. Who else was involved in that?    Chairman Chaffetz. And what were you paid by him to do that.    Chairman Chaffetz. So this is a person with how many contracts, six or eight contracts with the Department of Education, and you go to his house, you have a business--I disagree. I don't think this is a little hobby. I think this is--I agree with the inspector general here. And you go to this person's house and you install a home theater system, and he paid you how much? Nothing?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. King, you don't see any ethical problem doing that?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, I am just asking about when it happened ----    Chairman Chaffetz. No, he was ----    Mr. King.--that we can't have--we ----    Chairman Chaffetz. That is--but wait, wait, wait. Mr. King, you are making an assumption that the inspector general says is not true.    Chairman Chaffetz. They laid out a case where Mr. Harris was involved--a contract was going to a different vendor. He got personally involved and at least had some input. I am not saying the final decision, some input, and that contract was changed and given to William Hall's company.    Chairman Chaffetz. But he was the program manager ----    Chairman Chaffetz. No, wait a second, Mr. King. The initial contact, the interaction Mr. Harris had with William Hall started in like 2000, 2001.    Chairman Chaffetz. So it is an acquaintance ----    Chairman Chaffetz. There is a standard between an acquaintance and a friend?    Chairman Chaffetz. I am tired of hearing about you and your general counsel, okay? They can give you all the advice you want. You make the decisions. You are the decision-maker. So let's just cut that part out and get right to the ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Hold on one sec. Hold on one second. You see no ethical problem with somebody who oversees and supervises the personnel who have to implement these contracts with them personally going and installing home theater equipment to a company that I am guessing makes millions of dollars from those contracts?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, if you are just going to read ----    Mr. King.--that there cannot be ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--the same thing    Mr. King.--there cannot be an appearance of impropriety to the extent that having this personal relationship ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, I want to know if there was any impropriety, and in your mind, you are saying no ----    Mr. King.--the appearance, as a result of the personal relationship, was a problem. Dr. Harris understood that. The relationship ended in 2013.    Chairman Chaffetz. I think Mr. Meadows is exactly right. You can't have it both ways. Either Mr. Harris violated no regulation, law, policy, or any ethical concern and you should continue on, sir. According to Mr. King, continue on, play on. You have had nothing docked in your pay, you have progressed at every level, you got bonused up. I mean, you have had, what, almost $250,000 in bonuses over the last 11 years. Congratulations. And you have side businesses, three other jobs, you had people that had contracts with you that were going to their home and installing theaters, over a 2-year period you exchanged 700 phone calls that were text messages you say, but you say, hey, there is no relationship. You still oversee those. I don't know how you get away with it. I really don't. I am concerned about the other 3,900 and however many employees are out there. I think you are sending the wrong mix.    And, Mr. King, I hope at some point you do reevaluate and go through this.    I have got one other thing here. Mr. Harris, what was the--you had to go back with this unreported income. How much money are we talking about was the unreported income?    Chairman Chaffetz. Over what period of time?    Chairman Chaffetz. So over a 10-year period you are making in excess close to $2 million during that time.    Chairman Chaffetz. So there is $40,000 in revenue? That is what we are talking about, that wasn't ----    Chairman Chaffetz. But you had employees, you were installing home theater equipment, you had people ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. You had independent contractors that worked at the Department of Education that also worked for you, and they had dual income as well. I am just trying to--so if it is 1 percent of your income, you said 1 to 2 percent of your income over 10 years.    Chairman Chaffetz. I know but I am taking your salary, 183,000. You haven't always made that much. You multiply that times 10. That equals how much? One point eight million dollars. Take what is 1 or 2 percent of that, yes, and you start ----    Chairman Chaffetz. And, Ms. Winchell, the policy is any income above $200, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Ms. Winchell.--that would not need to be reported.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, and I ----    Chairman Chaffetz. In my mind, it is actually more understandable. And why do we do that? Why do we get disclosures of $200 or more?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, it is an ethical issue.    Chairman Chaffetz. Did he fill out a form for 10 years or did he fill a form out for just one year?    Chairman Chaffetz. I don't know how you come to the--it's kind of laughable almost that after this hearing you still think he filled it out completely.    Ms. Bruce, what did you find there?    Chairman Chaffetz. And Mr. Harris admitted that he is making money every year for 10 years, and there are 3 years that they didn't complete them. And you just said--this is what scares us--this is why we got a hearing that is going into hour 4 is because you still--as the ethics officer, you spend supposedly 8 hours a day working on ethics, hard to believe that that happens, you still don't understand it. You still don't know that there is a problem.    And, Mr. King, you are enabling this. You are the decision-maker. You have been given this mantle of trust from the President of the United States and you are failing. And it has got to quit.    You still don't know. He admitted right here just now that for 10 years he has been having this income and the inspector general--why are you shaking your head back in the audience just laughing at us? You are laughing at the American taxpayer. I don't know who that guy works for. I am telling you, don't just sit there and laugh at us. I will follow this through. You didn't think we were taking this seriously. You are making a fundamental and total mistake. You are misusing American taxpayer dollars. We have vulnerabilities that are just unbelievable. And we will continue to pursue this.    You better hope that none of that data gets out there. But when the inspector general went to penetrate the system, they got in there unimpeded, never detected, walked back out and reported it to Congress, as they should.    Ms. Bruce, to the people that work in the inspector general's office, thank you. Thank you for your good work. We wouldn't know about this without those good people doing tough, difficult work. Nobody wants to hear from the inspector general, but they do some of the most valuable work that we have before us today. I thank you all for your service, and I thank you for your testimony today. I thank the men and women who work in the Department of Education. We are trying to fix it, but the problem is sitting here with Ms. Winchell and Mr. King and Mr. Harris.    This meeting is now adjourned.