    Ms. Foxx. Thank you, Chairman Kline. Today, I have the honor of introducing a witness hailing from my home State of North Carolina, Representative Rob Bryan. He is well qualified to serve as a witness on education and school choice as he spent his first two years after college in the Teach for America Program at a classroom in inner-city Los Angeles. Today, he is also a member of BEST North Carolina, where he works with the North Carolina Teacher of the Year, James Ford, to identify the best evidence based strategies to pay, evaluate, and retain teachers.    Representative Bryan is a member of the North Carolina House of Representatives, where he is the chairman of the Education Appropriations Subcommittee, and a member of the Education Committee. He also co-chaired the North Carolina General Assembly's Educator Compensation and Effectiveness Taskforce.    In addition to his work in education, Representative Bryan serves as a lawyer at the Womble Carlyle Sandridge & Rice law firm. He graduated from fine North Carolina universities, UNC-Chapel Hill and the Duke University's Law School. He and his wife, Dottie have six children and attend Uptown Church. It may be his parenting six children that give him the best expertise.    Ms. Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Representative Bryan, if you were advising other state leaders seeking to enact and implement choice policies, how would you recommend they proceed, what obstacles can they anticipate, and would you speak to the excellent bipartisan support that you have had in North Carolina, if you would, in your response?    Ms. Foxx. Thank you. You also said in your testimony that the opportunity scholarships improved public schools and improved student outcomes. Dr. Huerta's testimony questioned those arguments. Could you give us a little bit more information about what the experience has been in North Carolina?    Ms. Foxx. Thank you very much. Mr. Robinson, perhaps you could add a little bit to what Representative Bryan was saying since North Carolina's experience is fairly new. Would you talk a little bit about the one or two elements, key elements, of school choice policies that strongly influence student outcomes, and you do not have to go into great detail, but if you would point us to some studies or to some results that we could then look at and make a part of the record, that would be helpful to us.    Ms. Foxx. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.