    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, panel, for being here today.    A lot of this to me is about the perception's trust in the post office as a whole. And just going back and looking at the numbers over the last few years, 2015, $5.1 billion lost; 2014, $5.5 billion; '13, $5 billion; 2012, $15.9 billion; 2011, $5.1 billion; 2010, $8.5 billion. At some point the people are saying what is going on here? So this is just a perception. This is the reality of a major trust issue. I have 5 minutes to speak. In those 5 minutes, the approximate amount that the post office will lose is $47,564. That is a huge issue.    And I have heard today from some of the witnesses that we are working hard or some of the members, the colleagues, that they are working hard to try to do things better, but I have a couple specific questions in regards to this rate increase that we are beseeching Congress on. If you did receive this rate increase, can you tell me about where this extra money would be reinvested, General Brennan?    Mr. Walker. If you were granted a rate increase, where would that money go? Where would ----    Mr. Walker. Would you agree with this statement that the Postal Service could run out of money between 6 months and a year at the most?    Mr. Walker. My concern with that statement is that wasn't a recent statement. That statement was from over 3 years ago, and we have seen continuing beseech of Congress as far as more and more funding, this isn't working out.    I want to hone in today on something, though, specifically about packages versus the mail. And I want to make sure that I am clear on this, as we have done some research on this lately. The increases that you are requesting, would they be used to subsidize the package area of the post office business or would it be to increase the mail delivery? Can you expound on that a little bit today?    Mr. Walker. Well, you have stated that Postal Service has made consolidations to respond to the decline in the mail, but you have also stated that you are investing in package delivery. I believe you just said that just a few minutes earlier. And that as a result of those investments, package delivery was not slowed by the consolidations. But Title 39, section 101, subsection (e) states that ``in determining all policies for postal services, the Postal Service shall give the highest consideration to the requirement for the most expeditious collection, transportation, and delivery of important letter mail.'' Do you think that the Postal Service is following both the spirit and the letter of this law given your current actions?    Mr. Walker. Well, if that is the case, then, the annual compliance report suggests that the post office, the Postal Service is routinely prioritizing competitive products over market-dominant products. Do you disagree with that?    Mr. Walker. Well, I believe it is your annual compliance report that once again ----    Mr. Walker. Sure.    Ms. Brennan.--report and annual compliance determination, we're very transparent about performance in terms of transit time performance, in terms of volume growth, and in terms of investments within the organization.    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the time. Thank you, General Brennan, and I will yield back.