    Chairman Garrett. Good morning, everyone. The Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises will now come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``Oversight of the SEC's Division of Investment Management.'' I welcome our witness, the Director of the Division, Mr. David Grim.    Without objection, members of the Full Financial Services Committee who are not members of the subcommittee will be recognized for the purpose of questioning the witness.    I will now recognize myself for 3 minutes for an opening statement.    Today's hearing will focus on the oversight of the SEC's Division of Investment Management. This will actually be the fourth oversight hearing that this subcommittee has held in just this last year-and-a-half with regard to various divisions within the SEC.    Chairman Garrett. The gentlelady yields back.    I now turn to the vice chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Hurt, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. And now, we turn to our witness. Mr. David Grim is the Director of the Division of Investment Management at the SEC.    Again, thank you for being with us today. You will be recognized for 5 minutes. And you know, the protocol here: without objection, your entire written statement will be made a part of the record. Again, thank you. You are now recognized.    Mr. Grim. Good morning, Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to testify about the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and about the Division of Investment Management's activities and responsibilities.    The mission of the Commission is to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation. The Division promotes this mission through regulating the asset management industry.    A primary function of the Division is to administer the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and to develop regulatory policy for both investment companies and investment advisers, which play a major role in the lives of Americans and our national economy.    The four core activities of the Division are: one, crafting rulemaking recommendations to the Commission; two, revealing fund filings; three, providing interpretive and other advice to the asset management industry and the public; and four, monitoring risks in the assessment management industry.    With respect to rulemaking, in 2014 the Commission adopted significant reforms to the rules governing money market mutual funds. The amendments are intended to reduce the risk of runs on money market funds, provide important tools to help further protect investors and the financial system in a crisis, and enhance the transparency and fairness of these products for America's investors.    In September 2015, the Commission also adopted amendments related to the removal of credit ratings references in the primary rule that governs money market funds and in the money market fund portfolio disclosure form.    These amendments give effect to Section 939A of the Dodd-Frank Act.    In May 2015, the Commission proposed new rules and forms, as well as amendments to its rules and forms, to modernize the reporting and disclosure of information by registered investment companies. The proposed rules, if adopted, would require registered funds to provide portfolio-wide and position-level holdings data to the Commission on a monthly basis, and annually report certain streamlined and updated census-type information. If adopted, funds would report portfolio and census information in a structured data format.    Also in May 2015, the Commission proposed amendments to obtain additional information regarding advisers, including information about their separately managed account business. On September 22, 2015, the Commission proposed a new rule that would require open-end funds to adopt and implement liquidity management programs. The proposed amendments also would permit mutual funds to use swing pricing and would enhance disclosure regarding fund liquidity and redemption practices.    At the direction of the Chair, the Division also is working on other asset management-related potential new rules concerning use of derivatives by investment companies, transition plans for investment advisers, stress testing for large advisers and large investment companies, third-party compliance reviews for investment advisers, and a uniform fiduciary standard of conduct for broker-dealers and investment advisers when providing personalized investment advice about securities to retail customers.    In addition to rulemaking, Division staff responsibilities include: reviewing and commenting on the numerous prospectuses, proxy statements, and other disclosure documents filed by funds each year; continuing to fulfill the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirement to review investment company issuer accounting statements at least once every 3 years; issuing no-action letters, interpretive letters, and other guidance under both the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act; reviewing enforcement matters that concern investment companies and investment advisers; and reviewing applications from entities that request exemptions from provisions of the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act.    Finally, pursuant to Section 965 of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Division also established a new Risk and Examinations Office. Division staff assigned to this office monitor trends in the asset management industry and carry out the Division's limited inspection and examination program.    In conclusion, thank you again for inviting me to discuss the Division's activities and responsibilities. I am happy to answer your questions.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. And, again, I appreciate you being here.    So the SEC, in short, would you call it a prudential regulator? Is that its mission?    Mr. Grim. The SEC has a three-part mission: protect investors; facilitate capital formation; and maintain fair and orderly markets. It is not a prudential regulator.    Chairman Garrett. Okay. So back in January, Fed Governor Dan Tarullo said in a speech, ``Both the short-term wholesale funding and asset management examples point to the broader objective of developing what we might call or term prudential market regulation.'' You know Governor Tarullo, and he is one of the more outspoken governors out there.    Have you ever heard--you have been there for 20 years at the SEC or just shy of 20 years--the term ``prudential market regulation'' before?    Mr. Grim. No.    Chairman Garrett. No. So my next question was going to be, can you explain to me what prudential market regulation is? I guess that is a hard question to answer.    Mr. Grim. I think that I would say that there has been--as you know, FSOC has been looking at the asset management industry for potential systemic risks in the asset management industry. As part of that look, there has been a focus on how to best approach any potential systemic risk.    Chairman Garrett. Systemic risk. Let's bring it to a close on this last point. So the rules that have come out from the SEC, would you call them prudential market regulation?    Mr. Grim. I would call them rules that we think advance the SEC's three-part mission.    Chairman Garrett. Three-part mission, okay.    When we invited you to come here, we sent you a whole list of questions or things we wanted to talk about. One of those things is your dealings with the FSOC. And I guess to that point, we asked exactly what is your involvement with the divisions and so on and so forth. And I think you only really gave one--well, maybe it was two sentences back on December 18th, basically saying that you met with them, Division staff has reviewed comments received on its notice, so on and so forth, dealing with their public comments of potential risk to financial stability. You really didn't flesh that out too much in your written statement.    So can you provide us briefly with a little more detail on how the Division is working with the FSOC on the review of asset management products and activities? And specifically, who are you meeting with over there, are they just from the Treasury, is there just one group or other groups, who are you meeting with over there, answer that as well?    Mr. Grim. With respect to FSOC, I think the first point I would make is that at the SEC, it is the Chair who is the member of FSOC. So in terms of me and my Division's role, when there are asset management issues on the table, we are assisting her in providing our subject matter expertise.    Chairman Garrett. So is your staff--I am not talking about her now--specifically meeting with them at that point?    Mr. Grim. As part of the SEC's engagement with FSOC, yes, our staff meets with the staff of--    Chairman Garrett. Okay. And when you are doing that, whom are you meeting with? Are you meeting just with folks from over in Treasury? Or are you meeting with all of the various agencies that are under--    Mr. Grim. All of the various agencies and their members.    Chairman Garrett. Okay. And lastly on this, I am trying to get a picture of how this actually works, is this on a regular basis? Is this weekly, monthly? How does that all play out?    Mr. Grim. It is sort of as needed. I don't know that there is a regularity to it. But I would say it is as needed on the--    Chairman Garrett. I said that was my last question, but I have one more question. Are they soliciting input from you on these things or is it a two-way street? How does that work?    Mr. Grim. We are offering our subject matter expertise on any of these issues that are asset management.    Chairman Garrett. But are they asking you? Because when I talk to some of these folks over there, some of them readily admit that this is not their forte, this is not their area of expertise. When we delve into it, that becomes very evident. And so we are trying to figure out where they are getting their information from. If it is not from you, then where is it coming from?    Mr. Grim. Yes, I would say they have solicited our views on these matters.    Chairman Garrett. Okay. I will just go a little bit over my time.    Proxy advisers, very quickly, earlier on, the Division issued a Staff Legal Bulletin 20 regarding proxy advisers voting responsibilities which clarified that investment managers are not obligated to vote for every proxy issue for the shares that they manage and they have an ongoing fiduciary responsibility. We have gone through one proxy season. Can you briefly tell us, have you looked at the results on that? And how is that all playing out now?    Mr. Grim. You are absolutely right. As you know, we had a Commission roundtable on proxy advisory firms that addressed a number of issues. One of the issues was investment adviser use of proxy adviser firms. Part of the response to that was the staff legal bulletin that you referenced.    Chairman Garrett. Right. Is it having the intended effect or not really?    Mr. Grim. We are still studying that. The first proxy season just ended. My colleagues in the examination unit are doing some exams around how it is going. But anecdotally, we think it has been having a positive effect.    Chairman Garrett. Okay. My time is way over. I will yield to the ranking member with some leniency there.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    The gentleman from Virginia is now recognized.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch.    Chairman Garrett. I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    Moving down the row, I recognize the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Duffy is now recognized for questions.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman is recognized with a little bit of wiggle room on the end of it.    Mr. Grim. The impact on the smaller advisers is obviously something that we are studying very carefully as we develop a recommendation for the Commission in the transition area. There are rules on the books right now for investment advisers that were developed post-9/11 about certain transition issues, and what we are trying to do as part of this new rulemaking is evaluate whether there are other types of transition events that those rules should be expanded to cover. And clearly, in so doing, one of the things that we need to understand and ask for public comment and advise the Commission on in recommending whether they propose a rule is the impact on small advisers.    Chairman Garrett. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Ross is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Carney?    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Huizenga?    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    The gentleman from Connecticut has rejoined us and is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert, is recognized.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Hill is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    Mr. Hultgren is recognized then for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. I recognize the gentleman from Maine, Mr. Poliquin.    Mr. Garrett. If the gentleman could--    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman's time--    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    I recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Stivers is now recognized.