    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; and thank you, Madam Secretary, for being with us here to discuss the Gold King Mine release.    Madam Secretary, it is interesting that the Majority insisted you come here yourself to discuss an incident your agency is not responsible for, as opposed to one of the experts who worked on the technical review. I am not going to complain about that, because I am ecstatic that the Majority is actually taking on environmental concerns. And, I am glad you are here to discuss the real problem: the hundreds of thousands of abandoned mines that are leaking billions of gallons of toxic wastewater into streams and rivers across the country.    These abandoned mines were created by the mining industry, not the Environmental Protection Agency; and we should not forget that. The dead fish, the ruined ecosystems, the orange, lifeless rivers--these are the mining industry's legacy, not the EPA's, and certainly not the Department of the Interior's. This is a serious problem that is going to require serious solutions.    Unfortunately, I do not believe the Majority's proposed solutions are serious. Instead of requiring the mining industry to take responsibility for their legacy, they simply ask for volunteers. Instead of forcing the mining industry to live up to the same polluter pays principle as other industries, they ask the public to adopt an abandoned mine site, much as we have asked the public to adopt a highway, adopt a school, or adopt a park. We are now asking the public to adopt an abandoned mine site that is potentially contaminated and dangerous.    And, faced with an abandoned mine problem that was recently estimated to cost anywhere from $10 to $20 billion to clean up on public lands alone, the Majority has proposed a grand total of $30 million. Yes, $30 million. That is not a serious way to address the problem.    There is no way to clean these sites without requiring the mining industry to contribute to the legacy they created. That is why the Hardrock Mining Reform and Reclamation Act places a royalty on hardrock minerals such as gold, silver, and copper; and it requires the industry to pay a small fee for each ton of material they displace. That would raise hundreds of millions of dollars each year, and that is what you need to start to address the problem.    Now, the Majority has taken an important first step, and fully admitted there is a problem with abandoned mines. Hopefully, Madam Secretary, we can now convince them that serious action is necessary to fix that problem.    Unfortunately, it appears from the Majority's memo for this hearing, that the focus today is not going to be on the very real problem of abandoned mines. Instead, it sounds like we are going to focus on the imagined problems with the Bureau of Reclamation's technical report. Sadly, it seems that the Majority is falling back on their standard playbook of attacking the messenger when a report does not agree with their storyline.    Madam Secretary, I do not want to attack the messenger. I want to attack the half-million abandoned mines throughout this Nation, many of which are ticking time bombs that we need to address sooner, rather than later. I hope that this will not be the last hearing we have on this committee about abandoned mines. I also hope we do not have to wait until we can blame a Federal agency before we hold the next one.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Secretary, part of the issue today is responsibility in the first place. It was the mining industry that mined under the mountains initially, it was the mining industry--that tunnel--so we had that backup that occurred in parts of the mountain. So, we can't let this hearing get away from the responsibility in the first place.    Let me just ask you a couple of questions. How much acid mine drainage was being released by this mine system into the Animas River watershed before EPA started doing any work on the Gold King Mine this year?    Mr. Grijalva. And on the August 5 release at Gold King Mine, how much was released by EPA's activities at that point?    Mr. Grijalva. Have there been other large releases of water from these mines into the watershed in the past?    Mr. Grijalva. And, were there any Federal agencies responsible for either that incident or other incidents that have occurred in the past?    Mr. Grijalva. Do we have any estimates on the total amount of acid mine drainage that is seeping into America's streams and rivers from the estimated number of abandoned mines?    Mr. Grijalva. And not even knowing the total number kind of makes that numerical conclusion difficult.    Mr. Grijalva. I just want to say that I asked the committee staff to do an analysis of some of the proposals the Majority will be bringing forth. The bills are being proposed. In one, it would freeze the Bureau of Land Management's abandoned mine program at $17 million a year, and provide up to $15 million in matching funds from donors. I am not sure we will get $15 million in donations; but, for the sake of argument, let's assume that we do. So, that bill would come up to $30 million.    At that rate, it would take over 560 years to clean up just the abandoned mines that we know about on BLM and Forest Service lands. Again, that is just what we know about. As you pointed out, there are a lot we do not know about; so, the timeline could actually be a lot longer.    If we implement the proposals in the legislation that our side of the aisle have proposed, and the President's budget, as well as make the polluters pay for that legacy, we shorten the time by 500 years. I still think 53 years is an awful long time, but a lot better than 560.    I think if we continue to focus on not dealing with the overarching issue, which is abandoned mines, their consequence to not only the environment but to public health, the danger they pose, and not look at the funding mechanism that will begin to pragmatically and programmatically deal with the reclamation and remediation of those mines, we continue to completely miss the point.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I have no further questions. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Young.    Mr. Grijalva. He is mired in the good old days.    The Chairman. They weren't all that good.    The Chairman. Ms. Jewell, we promised you to be done at 12:30. Mr. LaMalfa has snuck in here without me seeing him. Can we impose on you to stay 10 extra minutes?    Mr. Grijalva. No, just to thank the Secretary; and Mr. Palumbo, thank you very much. And, what I think Mr. Lujan alluded to or directly talked about, that there are lessons to be learned.    There are two areas that I--the whole conflict of interest issue I think is not part of this hearing, in the long term. There is no smoking gun there. The other issue I think is in comparing Deepwater Horizon with the Gold King Mine. There is no correlation. The cause is a mistake, an error, the lack of preparation. But to make a negligence in one case, in both cases--whoever did that mine left it that way.    So, I think lessons to be learned, how to coordinate better between agencies, how to communicate better with our constituents and the public, and how to have a uniform protocol that goes across agencies, that is what is to be learned. I look forward to any help and information that you can provide this committee on that.    With that, thank you very much for being here.    The Chairman. Thank you. I thank you for being here, as well. Since you just one-upped me with that comment, damn it, now I have to give you a Christmas card.    