    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In the narrow topic of today's hearing of SCC, we could and have talked about many other peripheral issues related to the social cost of carbon, such as the science, the models behind the calculations, the impact of man on greenhouse gas emissions and things like 300-year economic investment horizons.    In thinking about this in this narrow scope, I thought of a quote by a guy who is recognized as a pretty smart guy in today's terms, Steve Jobs. He said that you cannot connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something, your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down and has made all of the difference in my life.    So if we think about the social cost of carbon, we know that manmade carbon emissions can be traced back to the Industrial Revolution, and as carbon emissions increased, real wages increased, meaning that they rose faster than inflation. Agricultural production increased, meaning food supply and quality increased. Populations increased. Life expectancy increased, and quality of life improved. Technology and health care improved.    At the same time, poverty rates decreased. Mortality rates decreased, and social barriers were removed. So until the EPA figures out how to permit and regulate acts of God, then there is not really anything we can do about autogenic greenhouse gases.    And in the narrow window of the social cost of manmade carbon, please help me look back and in the words of Mr. Jobs connect the dots. So I've got just a series of questions here. The first one is: can the increase in manmade carbon be correlated with the advent of the Industrial Revolution and advancements since then? Just go down the panel.    Mr. Westerman. Pretty obvious, pretty common sense. We can look back on history and see that.    OK. So also to follow up with that, can multiple indicators of quality of life and social benefits be connected to the Industrial Revolution and advancements since then?    Mr. Westerman. Again pretty self-explanatory.    I took a logic class in college, and they said, if this, then this. So if the Industrial Revolution correlates with increased carbon emissions and the Industrial Revolution also correlates with increased social benefits, is it fair to say that as carbon emissions have increased, the social benefits to society have increased?    Mr. Westerman. Could you explain that more?    Mr. Westerman. Many of those technologies we were using before the Industrial Revolution, such as biomass and wind.    Mr. Westerman. So we have developed technologies to better harness the renewables in the future.    Mr. Westerman. Mr. Segal?    Mr. Westerman. Mr. Chairman, I would like to submit that to the record.    The Chairman. No objection. Done, and so are you.    Mr. Newhouse.