    Mr. Wynne. Testing. There we go.    Mr. Wynne. Thank you, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky. Thank you very much, members of the subcommittee for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing on unmanned aircraft systems.    I am speaking on behalf of the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International, the world's largest nonprofit organization devoted exclusively to advancing unmanned systems and robotics.    UAS have a significant impact on our society and economy already and will continue to do so in the future. From inspecting oil pipelines and filming television shows and movies to providing farmers with aerial views of their crops, the applications of UAS are virtually endless and they enable researchers, public entities and businesses to do things safer and more cost effectively.    UAS industry is poised to be one of the fastest growing in American history. The AUVSI numbers have already been referenced by several of the speakers.    There is no question that under the right regulatory environment that these numbers could actually go higher. However, we are disappointed that the FAA missed the September 30th, 2015 congressionally mandated deadline for UAS integration and it still has yet to finalize a small UAS rule for commercial operations.    As we wait, American businesses and innovators are left sitting on the sidelines or are operating under a restrictive exemption process. Let me explain.    Under the small UAS rule, until the small UAS rule is finalized the primary way commercial operators may fly is through an exemption process.    In May 2014, the FAA announced it would consider granting exemptions for low-risk commercial UAS applications under Section 333 of the 2012 FAA Modernization and Reform Act.    Currently, the FAA has more than 2,400 pending requests and has granted more than 2,200 exemptions to businesses. According to AUVSI's report on the first 1,000 exemptions businesses in more than 25 industries representing more than 600,000 jobs are now using UAS.    These companies contributed about $500 billion to the U.S. economy in 2014 and provide essential services to citizens across the nation.    For example, Texas businesses have received 82 approvals to fly commercially. More than a third of these companies are real estate businesses such as Austin-based Boyd & Boyd Properties.    The Associated General Contractors of America represents 26,000 member companies in the construction industry. Some are using UAS to improve project planning and execution.    These are only a couple of examples but it is easy to see the far reaching benefits UAS will add. But while some businesses are flying, the current system of case by case approvals isn't a long-term solution.    Meanwhile, some of the requirements under the exemption process are more onerous than those contemplated in the draft's small UAS rule.    For example, the exemptions typically require UAS operators to hold at least a sport pilot certificate. The draft's small UAS rule, however, would require commercial operators to pass an aeronautical knowledge test every two years.    In addition to helping the UAS industry thrive, putting the small UAS rules in place will provide the necessary tools and training to create a culture of safety around the use of UAS.    As more commercial operators are certified or certificated, they will join the long standing aviation community, which I have been part of for more than 20 years as an instrument rated general aviation pilot.    They will foster the aviation community's principles of airmanship and self-policing to promote safety and help thwart careless and reckless operations. And because safety is essential for all users, AUVSI, in partnership with the Academy of Model Aeronautics and the FAA, last year developed the UAS safety campaign Know Before You Fly to educate newcomers to UAS, many of whom have no aviation experience about where they should and shouldn't fly.    AUVSI also serves on the Department of Transportation's Task Force on Registration. This collaborative effort to develop an efficient process for UAS registration should lead to increased accountability across the entire aviation community.    Under the FAA's draft small UAS rule, commercial operators would be required to register their platforms. Extending this to consumer UAS users will help promote responsibility and safety.    UAS technology is at an exciting and pivotal stage. It is developing rapidly with new applications being introduced nearly every day and at a rate much faster than it takes to develop the necessary regulations.    We need to ensure that the FAA adopts the proper framework to keep up with the rapid development of U.S. technology and to maintain the safety of our airspace.     Thank you again for the opportunity to speak today.    Mr. Wynne. Yes, sir. I think there is a good roadmap available and actually a tremendous amount of work that has been done in the unmanned aircraft systems, ARC, Aviation Rulemaking Committee.    So we know what the work is that needs to be done. I don't that it is properly funded today. I think the center of excellence is doing excellent work.    We have test sites as well that are not very well funded, not funded at all, indeed, by the federal government. I think it is going to be really important to move forward on that roadmap to identify equivalent level of safety.    There is going to be research and development that needs to be done. The center of excellence will do some of that through its partners. We are participating in that as well.    The test sites were essentially stood up for that purpose. But the FAA has to direct that. They have to--and in some instances they need to be able to fund some of that with, of course, appropriate industry resources as well.    Mr. Wynne. Well, the two that come to mind immediately, of course, are sense and avoid. If I am not on the aircraft and I can't see it I need to miss it.    So the question is what kind of technologies can we use for that and, there is on board radar for things that are flying at the flight levels and the military has been utilizing very successfully to keep manned and unmanned aircraft separated from one another for quite some time now in theater.    But we need to be able to develop those technologies. There are some great technologies that are coming along for sense and avoid at the lower levels for smaller aircraft that are less energy intensive and less costly.    C2 communications also very important. Lost link procedures--these are the kinds of things that we need to work on first and are being worked on.    Mr. Wynne. Yes, thank you.    I am a big fan of technology and but I don't think it takes the place of airmanship which I mentioned in my testimony and I think we have a big challenge right now. I am not fond of the distinction but there is a big challenge between hobbyists, producers, consumers, and commercial operators.    I represent predominantly the commercial operators here and right now we are restricted from flying except by exemption. So we want to change that in a big hurry.    My point simply is the sooner we have certificated operators up and running, much like in all of aviation it's a self-policing community.    If my ticket is at stake because someone who is doing something that is putting the use of UAS at risk because of being careless or reckless, I am going to want to say something about that and the FAA will never have enough enforcement personnel to be everywhere nor do they need to be for general aviation or for commercial aviation.    We are a self-policing community.    Mr. Wynne. Well, just for clarification I was arguing in favor of regulation.    Mr. Wynne. I agree with you and there is no technology that can be devised for mal-actors.    So I think my point simply is that there has to be consequences to flying recklessly and carelessly and right now there--up until now, until very recently when we started talking about registering hobbyists, all drones essentially below or above a certain cut line that we would call toys, which is what's currently being contemplated and worked on by a very good task force, there was no consequence essentially to flying other than careless and recklessly. And it is very difficult for the FAA to enforce that.    What I am arguing is that as a community we stand for safe and responsible flying but we need rules under which----    Mr. Wynne. The first thing is we need the small UAS rule finalized and implemented as quickly as possible. That is the lowest risk possible flying imaginable.    Under 500 feet away from people, away from airports, within visual line of sight by a certificated operator. There is no reason why we can't get that done soon and we need to get it done----    Mr. Wynne. I am arguing that basically people will, that are certificated, will be economically incentivized to enforce their own rules and as is currently the case with--we are not going to be doing things that essentially put our livelihood at risk.    Mr. Wynne. I am talking about commercial operations.    Mr. Wynne. Yes, sir. And prohibited airspace and restricted airspace and there was an announcement yesterday of one of the solutions that would do that literally real time with the drone.    Mr. Wynne. Absolutely, sir. To the extent that we can perfect sense and avoid, detect and avoid technology I don't know why we wouldn't deploy that on all aircraft.    Mr. Wynne. It's difficult to actually capture it. The forecast that we're operating with today, which is currently being updated, of $82 billion in economic impact over the first 10 years, once we have integration into the national air space system, does not contemplate the value added to consumers specifically.    That is just specifically in our community. So the value to the agricultural sector to existing business models, whether it's insurance or utilities or construction, et cetera, that's on top of that economic forecast.    If I might, sir, I'd also thank you for your question about disaster relief. We currently have Global Hawks flying off the east coast of Africa collecting data for hurricanes and doing hurricane hunting that--a little bit safer and a little bit more comfortable to be on the ground and actually penetrate----