    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Bass, for this important hearing and thank you to our witnesses for being here today.    As the 2016 Trafficking in Persons report states, and I quote, ``Despite sustained anti-trafficking efforts, millions of individuals are bound by mental, physical and financial coercion and manipulation by traffickers who exploit their vulnerabilities for profit.''    Human trafficking is modern day slavery. It's horrifying that there is no place in the world where children, women and men are safe from trafficking. Despite international and U.S. efforts to eliminate human trafficking, this centuries-old problem continues to occur in virtually every country in the world and contributes to a multi-billion dollar criminal industry, the second largest criminal enterprise in the world, according to the FBI.    Trafficking is a global problem. Victims can start in one country and end up in another and trafficking is a human rights problem. Victims of human trafficking are deprived of individual freedoms and suffer through unimaginable harsh, coercive and heartbreaking conditions.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today on how the United States can help prevent the scourge of human trafficking and we need an effort to end this horrific activity once and for all.    Thank you for being here. With that, I yield back.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Madam Ambassador.    I want to begin, you mentioned that the TIP Report relies on the Federal efforts with respect to trafficking in the United States and you just mentioned an assessment of the trafficking landscape.    With what we know is activity at the state level, does it make sense to consider including in the TIP Report the state efforts and the success or inadequacies of state efforts as well? Seems like a rather big omission.    Ambassador Coppedge. Well, the report is designed to look at countries, to look at the federal, in this case, effort or centralized government efforts around the world. It doesn't dwell down in any other countries.    For example, India has multiple states. We don't look at what the states in India are doing. And so it's consistently treating the U.S. the way we treat other foreign governments and evaluate----    Mr. Cicilline. Yes, I guess I would--just following up on what Congresswoman Bass' point that she just made, to the extent that we are leaders in this work, we create the report to shine the light on the activities of other countries, it seems to me that we that ought to be doing everything we can to surface all of the trafficking that exists in the United States and call that out because I think it gives more credibility to the balance of the reports. So just something to----    Ambassador Coppedge. Well, the report does--and again, the U.S. narrative is the longest narrative in here and it does focus on both domestic and international.    Mr. Cicilline. Right. But not--it's happening at the local level.    Do you think that there are sufficient protections in place that prohibit the importation of goods and services that have been produced in whole or in part by trafficked or slave labor?    I know there are a number of examples of goods that have come into the United States and that there's reason to believe that were produced by trafficked labor. Do you think we need additional legislative authority to prevent that?    Ambassador Coppedge. Well, I know that during this past year Congress closed the loophole to ban products that are made with slave labor and that the Department of Homeland Security, through the Customs and Border Protection, now has the authority to stop products that they believe are made with forced labor.    So I believe that with that legislative change we should wait and see if that appears to be sufficient to allow us to keep out goods that are made with forced labor.    We also at the State Department encourage responsible practices on the part of businesses to look at their own supply chains. This is not something that governments can do alone. It's something we rely on partners and the business community needs to step up and police their own supply chain as well.    To that end, we unveiled this year a Web site partly funded by the State Department called resonsiblesourcingtool.org, which allows companies who have products that may contain slave labor to be able to go onto that Web site and look where the issues may be in certain countries and how better to police and prevent slave labor from being used in the production of goods.    Mr. Cicilline. And just one final question because I know votes have been called, of the 20.9 million victims worldwide, the International Labor Organization estimates that 68 percent of these individuals are trapped in labor trafficking. Yet only 7 percent of the 6,609 convictions reported worldwide last year were labor cases. So labor trafficking seems to be really operating with near impunity across the globe in large part because of the increased resources it takes to recognize, investigate, and prosecute these cases.    How can the TIP Report and the State Department, and your office in particular help build this expertise globally and ensure that more labor cases are identified and prosecuted? What else could we be doing, since that seems to be such a big part of this?    Ambassador Coppedge. And this was similar to what happened in the U.S. We focused on sex trafficking and have started to increase our focus on labor trafficking and how best to find it.    So what we are doing is training law enforcement both here in the U.S. but also through resources from the State Department. We're training international law enforcement and we are also allowing organizations like the International Organization for Migration to train law enforcement on to what to look for with respect to indicators of forced labor or trafficking.    And so it's important to train them so they understand what to look for but also to call for increasing convictions in this area and stringent sentences that will deter labor traffickers from engaging in this because it really is a crime of economic opportunity, right? Cheaper labor means more money for the people making the product.    And so there needs to be a sufficient consequence and throughout the Trafficking in Persons Report we note where there are not sufficient sentences and not sufficient labor trafficking prosecutions.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you so much. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.