    Mr. Hunter. The subcommittee will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony on a variety of maritime transportation safety and stewardship programs implemented and enforced by the Coast Guard. Actually, this hearing is going to cover everything.    Mr. Hunter. John was kind enough to just put everything into this hearing.    The subcommittee has had--held periodic reviews of the Coast Guard's regulatory regime to keep the committee updated and to provide the regulated community an opportunity to relay information on what effects, positive or negative, new program or updates to regulations have on industry.    As we have done with previous regulatory hearings, we will review pending and final rules impacting the safety and security of our ports and waterways, as well as regulations affecting business practices and the viability of the U.S. flag. The continued reviews allow for oversight on implementation and how the regulations are impacting vessel safety, the flow of commerce through our ports, and the ability to grow jobs in the maritime sector.    Maritime commerce is essential to the U.S. economy. That is why we are all here, right? While regulations must address concerns related to safety, security, and stewardship, they must also balance the importance of maintaining the flow of maritime commerce. Domestic shipping alone is responsible for over 500,000 American jobs and $100 billion in annual economic output. In addition, 90 percent of all global trade and over 25 percent of our GDP moves via the sea. The Federal Government should foster an atmosphere where our maritime industry can compete and expand.    And I have got to say--and that I didn't make up--but if you control the ocean, you control the world. And that is why we are here. If you control the ocean, you control the world.    The National Academies of Sciences Transportation Research Board recently released a report on the impact of Coast Guard regulations on the United States-flag registry. The good news for the Service is the board reported that U.S. regulations are not an impediment to the competitiveness of the U.S.-flag fleet. The board provided recommendations on further improvements that can be made by the Coast Guard to support the U.S.-flag fleet. What is an ongoing frustration is the lack of a unified approach within this administration to support programs that support--that promote the U.S.-flag fleet.    In fact, we just had a--we had an issue yesterday where we found out that there was a U.S.-flagged, U.S.-crewed MSP vessel sitting outside of a port, while a foreign-flagged vessel got the contract to carry goods. And they are going to be late. So you had a U.S.-flagged, U.S.-crewed vessel empty, an MSP vessel, which gets a U.S.-taxpayer-dollar stipend, sat there while a U.S.--while a foreign-flagged vessel is going to be late to pick up a full load, a military load, to go from Jacksonville to Kuwait. That is a huge screwup.    And you would think, as well as we are doing and what we know now, that that kind of stuff wouldn't happen. But it happens every day. And in fact, the head of TRANSCOM didn't even know it was happening until yesterday, until I talked to him. That is a sad state of affairs.    The Coast Guard and the Environmental Protection Agency have developed separate regulations under two different Federal laws to govern ballast water discharges. Although the agencies have worked together to try to reach uniformity, the programs still differ in implementation dates, vessels covered, geographic reach, enforcement, and penalties for noncompliance.    For instance, the Coast Guard rules allow for vessel owners to seek an extension if treatment technologies do not exist or cannot be installed by the deadline. The EPA provides no mechanism for an extension, leaving a vessel owner liable for civil and criminal penalties through no fault of their own.    This blows my mind. You have an 80-percent solution on ballast water. You have an 80-percent solution that exists now. You can make--you can do ballast water so you can drink it if there was no salinity, but it is not good enough for the Coast Guard. Blows my mind. So let's do extensions to dump dirty water, instead of taking an 80-percent solution to kind of fix things. It is--let's just keep going. We will talk later.    Mr. Hunter. The situation only becomes more confusing and burdensome for vessel owners as each individual State adds its own ballast water discharge requirements on top of the EPA's program. Under the EPA's current program, numerous States and tribes have added their own differing discharge standards.    Some States have laws in place for forcing vessel owners to treat their ballast water to a standard for which no technology has yet been invented. The situation is ridiculous. It is completely unreasonable to ask vessel operators to comply with two Federal standards and as many as 25 different, contradictory, and unachievable State and tribal standards. I hope my colleagues will join me in looking at ways to rectifying this issue in any way possible.    Lastly, the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea was amended by the International Maritime Organization in 2014 to require verified gross weights of containers before they are loaded on vessels. Implementation of the provision goes into effect on July 1, 2016. I look forward to the witnesses' views on how to implement this requirement in a manner to ensure U.S. exports continue to move unimpeded, because what we really want to see is more burdens placed on small businesses that are shipping things. Not really. That was a joke.    Mr. Hunter. We want to do fewer things that impede the flow of commerce and the ability for the American people to keep their jobs, maintain their livability in the United States and make money.    If we want to grow our economy and remain a world power capable of defending ourselves and our allies, we must work together to strengthen and preserve our maritime industry. I thank the witnesses for appearing today and look forward to their testimony.    And with that I yield to the great ranking member, Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. Hunter. Without objection.    Mr. Hunter. On our first panel we will hear from Rear Admiral Paul Thomas, Assistant Commandant for Prevention Policy for the United States Coast Guard, and Mr. Keith Michel, chair of the Committee to Review Impediments to United States-Flag Registry for the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine.    Admiral, thanks for being here. Keith, thanks for being here. And, Admiral, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Admiral.    Mr. Michel?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Mr. Michel. I am going to start recognizing Members for questions, starting with myself. So let's just go really quickly to the U.S.-flag fleet.    So the Coast Guard, you said, is only responsible for 1 percent. You said there is a 1--1 percent of the cost of being a U.S.-flag vessel----    Mr. Hunter. Why is that? We are just better at it?    Mr. Hunter. Go ahead. Give it a shot.    Mr. Hunter. But you are sitting there.    Mr. Hunter. Give it a shot.    Mr. Hunter. That is great to hear.    Mr. Hunter. What was it?    Mr. Hunter. What was the Coast Guard's influence 20 years ago?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you. The ranking member of the full committee is here. If we knew he was coming, we would have gotten a bigger room.    Mr. Hunter. That is why everybody is here.    Mr. Hunter. He would have given us one, that is right.    Admiral, I guess I have got about 2 minutes left, so let's just talk ballast water. And I have talked to your staff and understand you are fully prepared to talk about it.    Right now, is the Coast Guard giving waivers to ships to dump ballast water, untreated totally?    Mr. Hunter. Yes.    Mr. Hunter. Which is what? What does that mean?    Mr. Hunter. Because there's people.    Mr. Hunter. Stuff.    Mr. Hunter. So what you are saying is you will grant waivers if you do a mid-ocean ballast water exchange----    Mr. Hunter . Or other mitigating----    Mr. Hunter. And you--how long have ships been doing that?    Mr. Hunter. For 30, 40, 50----    Mr. Hunter. Twelve years?    Mr. Hunter. What did they do before that?    Mr. Hunter. So up to the early 2000s they did nothing. And then around the early 2000s they started doing ballast water exchanges, right--1996?    Mr. Hunter. OK. So 1996 you started doing mid-ocean ballast water exchanges. And if you do that, then you get a waiver? Or if you do something like that?    Mr. Hunter. OK, sure. So if you do one of those other options--which are what?    Mr. Hunter. And if you do one of those things, and you show the Coast Guard, hey, we are trying to mitigate, then what does the Coast Guard do?    Mr. Hunter. So what is required by law? What does the law say?    Mr. Hunter. How many U.S.-flag ships do we have in the U.S.-flag fleet?    Mr. Hunter. Total.    Mr. Hunter. But how many ships do we have in the U.S.-flag fleet? I am just asking.    Mr. Hunter. U.S.-flag, international-sailing vessels. How many do we have?    Mr. Hunter. Eight zero?    Mr. Hunter. And how many are in the world?    Mr. Hunter. Just guess.    Mr. Hunter. Tens of thousands?    Mr. Hunter. 100,000?    Mr. Hunter. 12,000, total? So 12,000 total ships, and we have 8-0? OK.    Mr. Hunter. So do any ships right now use any kind of technology to mitigate their ballast water critters?    Mr. Hunter. The worldwide fleet or the U.S. fleet?    Mr. Hunter. Then why would they----    Mr. Hunter. Then why would a private company install something if they don't--why would they spend hundreds of thousands of dollars for no reason?    Mr. Hunter. OK. So again, let me ask you. What does the U.S. law state? What does U.S. law state on ballast water?    Mr. Hunter. No, just----    Mr. Hunter. U.S. law, all right?    Mr. Hunter. But U.S. law doesn't give you a number.    Mr. Hunter. It doesn't state an actual number. It allows you to state the number.    Mr. Hunter. There is no----    Mr. Hunter. So once again----    Mr. Hunter. U.S. law, what does U.S. law say? What does the United States law that Congress passed and the President signed, what does that say when it comes to ballast water critters?    Mr. Hunter. OK. Requires you to set a standard based on best available technology.    Mr. Hunter. What--so just----    Mr. Hunter. Let's go slow, let's just go slow. I am a slow Marine, all right?    Mr. Hunter. Let's just go slow. So that is what U.S. law states. And you lay Coast Guard regulation on top of that, and what does Coast Guard regulation say?    Mr. Hunter. OK.    Mr. Hunter. So what is the best available technology, in your opinion right now, for ballast water treatment?    Mr. Hunter. So let's get down--let's just really quickly--because I was confused about this yesterday when we were talking about this in our pre-hearing meetings. What is the Coast Guard regulation for what happens to the actual critters?    Mr. Hunter. Do you want to murder those critters?    Mr. Hunter. Or do you want to just render them harmless?    Mr. Hunter. And you have heard the term ``rendered harmless,'' right?    Mr. Hunter. And why is that? Why do you know the term ``rendered harmless''?    Mr. Hunter. But rendered harmless----    Mr. Hunter. But talk to me. Admiral, hang on.    Mr. Hunter. ``Rendered harmless,'' have you heard of that term before?    Mr. Hunter. OK. Why have you heard that? Is that in Coast Guard regulation?    Mr. Hunter. Rendered harmless. Critters rendered harmless.    Mr. Hunter. OK. So here is the actual--this is their code, right?    So here is your code. Let me tell you. ``Ballast water management system means any system which processes ballast water to kill, render harmless, or remove organisms.'' OK?    Mr. Hunter. So those--any of those three. It doesn't say ``and, and, and.''    Mr. Hunter. It is any of those.    Mr. Hunter. Tell me.    Mr. Hunter. And by rendered harmless it means they can't procreate.    Mr. Hunter. Colorado River. You know what State it is going through, you know where it is going, right?    Mr. Hunter. OK. So I am going to ask you. So right now, what you can do is simply dump the water and mix it in the middle of the ocean.    Mr. Hunter. As opposed to using technology to get an 80-percent solution.    Mr. Hunter. Or even a possible 100 percent solution. But the answer is you don't know, because you can't test it.    Mr. Hunter. I don't understand, so let's just get--I am using too much time, because I really don't understand this, right? This always blows my mind.    So we allow ships to simply dump and mix their ballast water in the middle of the ocean, as opposed to setting guidelines for saying, ``Hey, we hope--we think that this works, we are pretty sure it works, but we are not going to count that. We just want you to dump the water in the middle of the ocean and mix it up.''    I don't understand. Why not get an 80-percent solution? Why not say, ``Hey, we are pretty sure that these--we watched the organisms for 2 years, and they haven't procreated yet, but maybe they will last 10 years,'' and they may. And----    Mr. Hunter. Yes.    Mr. Hunter. But do you understand what I am saying?    Mr. Hunter. Right now they simply dump it in the ocean, right? They take the ballast water and they mix it, right?    Mr. Hunter. Then why do we worry about it at all?    Mr. Hunter. OK. Once again, there is not technological--there is no technology right now that the Coast Guard says, ``Hey, guys, go with this. This is the best way that we know how to do it. This is as close as we can get right now, in 2016.''    Mr. Hunter. There is----    Mr. Hunter. But not testing. There is nothing that the Coast Guard has said, ``Hey, guys, go with this one.''    Mr. Hunter. At all?    Mr. Hunter. Is the Coast Guard scared to back one of these? I mean what is----    Mr. Hunter. Yes, to support some technology. Why not support the best technology----    Mr. Hunter . That is out there right now?    Mr. Hunter. What kind of solution are you thinking? If you are confident, then tell me. What is that going to be?    Mr. Hunter. What is your guess?    Mr. Hunter. OK. And what system might that be?    Mr. Hunter. No, don't--I am not asking what you are testing. I am asking what you think the technology will be.    Mr. Hunter. OK.    Mr. Hunter. Then which technologies? Instead of one, which one?    Mr. Hunter. And which ones do you think are the ones that will do the job in the near future?    Mr. Hunter. All right. Sorry to--OK. Complicated issue.    Mr. Hunter. I yield to the ranking member.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the ranking member for being here.    Mr. Gibbs? You are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Garamendi?    Mr. Hunter. Mr. Sanford is recognized.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Graves is recognized.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Mr. Michel, Admiral, thank you for being here.    Mr. Michel, in all the meetings we have had with industry in the last year and a half I have heard a lot of concerns expressed about the cost of compliance by U.S. shippers as compared to some of their foreign competitors. The report that you provided and some of the summary information in your testimony doesn't seem to be consistent with a lot of the feedback or a lot of the information we are receiving from stakeholders.    Could you speak to that disconnect? I mean do you think this evaluation was robust? Do you think that there were some deficiencies? Could you help connect the dots here?    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman. I think that is all we have. I think what we established today is it is not Descartes, ``I think; therefore I am,'' it is, ``I procreate, therefore I am.''    Mr. Hunter. That is what we have figured out today. It is very philosophical, and hopefully that will make some news. Right? Yes, right? Or you are considered dead, yes.    So, hey, thank you both very much. Thanks for being here, Admiral, and thanks for what you guys do.    Mr. Hunter. The witnesses for the second panel include Mr. Thomas Allegretti, president and CEO for American Waterways Operators; Mr. John Butler, president and CEO for the World Shipping Council; Mr. John Crowley, executive director for the National Association of Waterfront Employers; Ms. Donna Lemm, Agriculture Transportation Coalition SOLAS committee chair and vice president of global sales for Mallory Alexander International Logistics; and Mr. Kendall Carver, chairman for the International Cruise Victims Association, Incorporated.    Mr. Hunter. We don't have to restart up, because we have already started. And I introduced everybody while you were getting seated. So thank you all for being here and taking time. And I am going to go ahead and just start from left to right.    Mr. Allegretti, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. For America.    Mr. Butler, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Mr. Butler. We will just go all the way through.    Mr. Crowley, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. You win the shortest testimony yet. You get a prize after this.    Mr. Hunter. Ms. Lemm, you are recognized.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Ms. Lemm.    Mr. Carver, you are recognized.    Mr. Carver. I would like to thank Chairman Hunter and Ranking Chairman Garamendi and members of the committee for the opportunity to be here. I serve as chairman of a group called International Cruise Victims. Prior to that I spent 18 years in New York City as CEO of an insurance company, which--we were in a similar business at that time.    It was just 10 years ago that I sat here for the first time, one of five testimonies that I have given, and it resulted--the testimony--the hearing was called because Chris Shays, a Republican, had had a hearing in December of 2005, raising questions about safety on cruise ships. At the hearing at which we testified, we had six victims tell their sad story, but we did something nobody suspected. We gave a 10-point program to improve safety, a simple program that anybody should accept.    After several more congressional hearings, the cruise lines failed to accept any of these points. As a result, the Congress shifted from the Republicans to the Democrats, so Senator Kerry and Representative Matsui picked up the cause, and the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act was passed.    For the first time a law was passed that mandated basic safety and security measures, some which were as fundamental as have been in hotels forever. Man overboard systems, rights to victims to contact the FBI directly, and other such provisions.    In addition, victims on a cruise ship, U.S. citizens, are subject to the rights of the Crime Victims Rights Act, which is a separate legislation which gives U.S. victims rights.    I would like to say that these major steps to improve safety have improved safety, but it hasn't really worked. Generally speaking, the bill is not being enforced. We are hoping, however, that the final regulations will correct the deficiencies that we are concerned with. As an example, in 2006 there were 19 convictions of crimes on a cruise ship. In 2013, after the law took effect, there were three convictions of crimes on a cruise ship. We are moving backwards instead of forwards.    There are several--most of the major items in the bill are not being enforced, and we ask the support of the committee with the regulations that have been developed, to make sure that they are issued in line with the goal of the passage of a bill that was passed with only four votes against it, first started by the Republicans for the first two hearings, and then taken over by the Democrats.    In addition, new legislation has been introduced. House bill 3142 needs to be passed to correct some of the deficiencies of the first bill and improve safety that includes the prompt reporting of crimes to the FBI, improved video surveillance, man overboard systems be installed on cruise ships, and improved medical standards.    It was 10 years ago that ICV turned to our Republican Representative, Chris Shays, for help. Again, as I said, when the Democrats took over, the Democrats picked up the ball and ran with it. Chairman Hunter recently had several mothers in his office in Temecula with their sad story. These women were from your district. One was a woman whose daughter was raped by a crewmember, and it has been covered by ``60 Minutes'' in Australia, the Anderson Cooper show.    Another mother was there who, on a family trip with 13 members of the family, lost a son. And he was a twin. His twin came to your office and said the impact that this has had on him. Two other mothers from California were there that lost their children. These stories just continue on and on and on.    My point is this. It all started with Republicans and the Democrats continued the effort. And now it has shifted back to the Republicans. The many victims in the United States and around the world are hoping that with the current leadership this effort to protect passengers will be seen as a bipartisan issue and move forward like the original legislation passed in 2010.    How will the cruise lines respond to this request that we have for more legislation? They will say that they are already highly regulated is their standard phrase. Well, in March of 2014, the National Transportation Safety Board had a meeting. The IMO came to that meeting and made a presentation. I can give you that presentation, if you like, but I am going to quote from one of the slides that said, ``Role and function of the IMO. IMO is not a policeman. IMO does not implement anything, develop standards for strength or determine design requirements, approve equipment and systems, have (m)any sanctions.'' That is from a direct quote from their PowerPoint presentation. Therefore, it is up to the United States to protect our citizens.    Since flag states have taken no action for victims of crimes on cruise ships, we ask your support in working with the preliminary regulations that have been issued, and we ask for your support in the passage of the additional legislation that has been submitted. Thank you.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, sir. Before we start, I ask unanimous consent from us that the following materials be included in the record of today's hearing: a letter from the South Carolina Ports Authority; a letter from JBS USA Food Company; a written statement for the record from Ms. Lynda D. Sanford; a letter from Mr. William Plourd, president and CEO of El Toro Export.    Mr. Hunter. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Hunter. And with that I am going to yield to Mr. Garamendi, and go have a coughing fit outside, and I will be right back.    Mr. Hunter. I am going to yield to Mr. Sanford.    Mr. Hunter. I thank the gentleman. And if anybody wants to really look at the national security implications of a defense industrial base and a shipping industrial base, we have tons of testimony that Mr. Forbes, who is chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee on the Armed Services Committee, we go through this all the time.    And just for the record, the RRF, the Ready Reserve Fleet, and the MSP fleet are all U.S.-flagged, U.S.-crewed. They are not--Jones Act--they are not built in the U.S., but they are U.S.-flagged, U.S.-crewed vessels. And DOD is also subject to use 100 percent of their movement of cargo on U.S.-flagged, U.S.-crewed vessels. They get waivers, unfortunately, every now and then when they shouldn't----    Mr. Hunter. They do, but they screw up all the time. Like we had an incident yesterday, truly. We had a U.S.-flagged, U.S.-crewed vessel sitting off the port, waiting for cargo that went to--they got subcontracted to a foreign vessel that is going to be late because TRANSCOM screwed up. So just for the record, in the end, I would like to say this. It is not necessarily about the Jones Act and the requirements.    The cargo preference laws that we have are not--it is not an economic thing. It truly isn't. It is about national security because when you have to start making ships and crewing those ships in times of war, when we go to war, you have to have U.S. crews to do that. If you don't have U.S.-flagged vessels, you don't have U.S. crews to crew them. And once you lose that ability, it is gone. It is gone forever.    Mr. Hunter. I yield to the gentleman. Go ahead, Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. Hunter. I would yield to the gentleman if you have any more talk about it.    I actually don't know what to think about the container weight issue. I don't think this is a congressional issue. I don't think you are going to--there is not going to be legislation. I think this is a deal that needs to be worked out between the shippers and the shippees. Right?    I don't think there is a legislative answer for this because, according to the U.S. Coast Guard, which would be the ones who would regulate this, correct? In a legal battle, who would be the overseers of people--of the farmers and shippers and the carriers? I mean who would administer it? Who would have oversight?    Mr. Hunter. And the U.S. Coast Guard has not taken a position on this yet, correct?    Mr. Hunter. Well, how about I tell you? The U.S. Coast Guard has not taken a position on this yet.    Mr. Hunter. Let me ask you this, though. Here is what I don't understand. What has been--what happens until now? I mean everybody--when you get on an airplane the luggage gets weighed, they have to know how much stuff weighs. Same with ships, right? You got to know what stuff weighs, so you can load the ship properly, right?    So what has been happening until now in the United States? Forget the world.    Mr. Hunter. Do--are containers not standard? Do they differ?    Mr. Hunter. A range, I mean, I would guess--pretty close, right?    Mr. Hunter. So what does the Coast Guard say now, a 5 percent variance is fine?    Mr. Hunter. All right. What is the international standard for variance?    Mr. Hunter. All right. Where did 5 percent come from, then?    Mr. Hunter. OK.    Mr. Hunter. What is their deadline?    Mr. Hunter. For the----    Mr. Hunter. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Hunter. When you say scale you mean $250 every time you weigh----    Mr. Hunter. Got you.    Mr. Hunter. Let me ask you this, Mr. Butler. Why--I mean this is the U.S. Congress. We have 80 U.S.-flag vessels that sail internationally. Sixty of them are MSP so they get stipend, right? So we have got about 20, is that about right? We have about 20 vessels that aren't MSP that are internationally--that are U.S.-flag international cargo vessels?    So why should we here put a burden on our shippers when it is more of an international issue than it is our issue? Meaning why should we worry about the international carriers, as opposed to the U.S. fleet?    Mr. Hunter. And the U.S. economy, the U.S. businesses, and the people that are actually making things and exporting them, which is very--that is very few. We don't export a whole bunch of stuff. A lot of ag stuff. We aren't China, obviously, and we are not a lot of other countries that export a bunch of stuff. So why is this an issue for Congress?    Mr. Hunter. Then why are you here?    Mr. Hunter. I mean but what I am--I mean why are we talking about this, then, if it--you are saying that you might want legislative action----    Mr. Hunter . If things aren't solved.    Mr. Hunter. Yes. I am missing something, then. What is wrong--how is that different than what you are asking for?    Mr. Hunter. OK. Well, how----    Mr. Hunter. How is it different than what the regulations are asking for, and what she just said?    Mr. Hunter. Then that is it.    Mr. Hunter. I think she--what she is saying is they have--they don't weigh the container that is full, right? They weigh their stuff----    Mr. Hunter. They know what that----    Mr. Hunter. And method two, again, is weighing your products outside of the container, right? And then adding that----    Mr. Hunter . That is on the----    Mr. Hunter. I am still--I am trying to get my hands around this. If the Coast Guard is not going to enforce the new regulation, what do you contend with that, then? If they are going to say, ``The way things are, it complies, the way things are now, it complies with this regulation,'' that is basically what they are saying. The Coast Guard is not demanding that anybody do anything differently, correct?    Mr. Hunter. Mr. Garamendi?    Mr. Hunter. Rendered harmless?    Mr. Hunter. It is analogous, maybe.    Mr. Hunter. Thank you all for being here, and thanks for staying a little bit extra time. We talked about a lot of things today. And I am not even going to rehash everything.    There are no further questions. There are no--any--there is nobody else here but me and John. So, with that, the subcommittee stands adjourned.