    Mr. Olson. I thank my friend from Texas.    Good morning, Chairwoman Ramirez.    As Chairman Burgess mentioned in his opening statement, this hearing is very important to me and the people of Texas, too. FTC's actions threatened Justin Boots in Justin, Texas. That gets my attention because I walked into this hearing with a pair of black ostrich, form-fitting Justin boots made in Justin, Texas. Don't mess with Texas.    But, to be serious, I do want to talk about the best bill in the FTC pack, H.R. 5116, the FREE Act. This bill corrects misapplication of open meeting initiatives, and thank you for your support.    I have seen this problem firsthand back at home in Pearland, Texas. Under Texas Open Records laws, I could not meet with our members of the city council to talk about flood control, expanding Highway 288, or our team playing baseball in the Little League World Series. I could not do that because of Texas Open Records.    So, to get around that, well, we had to meet in public, have an audience, engage the whole apparatus of the city to record that meeting for the record. We solved that problem by meeting two-by-two for half-an-hour, very inefficient, without enjoying discussions with the full council.    It appears we have strapped the FTC with similar constraints. H.R. 5116 fixes that problem. My question is, how does FTC's work see needless constraints on meetings among Commissioners because of the Open Records Act? I mean, are there times when this would be helpful? You have three Commissioners right now. If two sought to meet informally, it would trigger Open Records. How about making this stop and just having open and free discussion?    Mr. Olson. How can you do your job effectively if you can't sit down with another Commissioner, two of you, and discuss what is going forward, not discussing some new rules or something, but just discussing what the FTC does? How does that hurt you? Because we have got to stop that. That is just insane. Any examples, specific ones, you would like to share with us?    Mr. Olson. So, say it takes you hours/days to fix a problem as opposed to minutes/seconds with an email, a phone call. You can't do that. It just seems, in the cafeteria, hey, another Commissioner, ``Let's chat about this issue.'' You can't do that without triggering this whole Open Records law, is that correct?    Mr. Olson. Thank you.    And I will close by letting the Chair know that I will support or introduce some comments for the record for the third panel from the funeral directors back home over H.R. 5212. It is coming from the Settegast-Kopf Funeral Home in Sugar Land, Texas; the Davis-Greenlawn and Hernandez homes there in Rosenberg, Texas; the Froberg Funeral Home in Alvin, Texas, and the South Park Funeral Home in Pearland, Texas. They have some concerns they want to address. I may not be here. So, I will ask permission to submit those for the record.    Mr. Olson. And one more time, don't mess with Texas boots.    I yield back.    Mr. Olson. I thank the Chair.    And welcome to panel two.    My questions will focus on one bill, the FTC package, my bill, the FREE Act, H.R. 5116. It appears from you all's opening comments I am batting 400. Two of five have mentioned my bill in your opening statements, Mr. Wright and Mr. Castro. So, my questions will be largely for them, but to the other three, if the spirit moves you, please feel free to jump in.    Mr. Wright and Mr. Castro, current rules and three Commissioners forced the FTC Commissioners to forego most direct communications and communicate through staff playing telephone. What are the consequences of playing telephone on the efficiency of the FTC? Mr. Wright?    Mr. Olson. Thank you.    Mr. Castro, if two FTC Commissioners meet at Starbucks for coffee, they could wave at each other, say, ``How was your weekend? How is the family?'', complain about the Nats and the Redskins, the Capitals, whatever, but they can't talk about the job at all, risking some violation of this Open Records Act. How does this hurt the FTC in terms of making sure they are efficient at protecting consumers, their No. 1 job? How does this impact their ability to do their job?    Mr. Olson. Thank you.    Back to you, Mr. Wright. You mentioned some amendments to my bill, the FREE Act, that I am curious about. One would redefine ``bipartisan majority'' to ``any bipartisan combination of Commissioners.'' Enlighten me. What does that do? How does that improve the bill?    Mr. Olson. So, No. 3 is the issue there? Just wipe out the No. 3? Just put ``majority of Commissioners''?    Mr. Olson. Yes, sir.    And finally, questions for you, Mrs. Slater. I will get it here. How do you think the FREE Act will add greater disclosure and collaboration among Commissioners? How would it streamline the decisionmaking process going forward?    Mr. Olson. We're all friends here.    Mr. Olson. The panacea is the FREE Act, H.R. 5116.    I yield back.