    Mr. Gohmert. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Tennessee is out of order.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And just so people get the historical perspective on the Supreme Court attending the State of the Union, since I've been in Congress, the Supreme Court has never had all nine Justices attend a State of the Union address. And since 9/11, my understanding is neither the House Republicans, House Democrats, Senate Republicans, Senate Democrats, ever have all of their Members come to a State of the Union since 9/11. And it goes back to concern about what happened in Clancy's book back in the early 1990's where someone crashed a plane into the Capitol and took out everybody because everybody, including the Supreme Court, were all there. We just want to make sure that doesn't happen.    In Alito's defense, if I were on the Supreme Court, which I'll never be because I wouldn't take the guff they do at the Senate hearings, but if I were on the Supreme Court and knew what was involved in a decision I'd made, such as Citizens United, had the President of the United States reflect his ignorance of what the case actually said, what it meant, what it represented and what the Court said, I would never come back to another State of the Union he gave again and be lectured by somebody that misrepresented what I said, what I knew, when my knowledge and my intellect and my writings were far greater than anything he had to say at the State of the Union address.    Now, Ms. Wydra, you said this case is a loser. But Mr. Kamenar, has there ever been a Supreme Court case that's been taken up that dealt as directly as the cases we're considering here on the issue of the Origination Clause?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, if we could keep the format where I get to ask the questions. Thank you.    Well, let me ask, Mr. Gaziano, if the Supreme Court does not take this case or takes it and rules, in fact, that either this was not a case that raised revenue when clearly it does, or they rule that it did originate in the House, can there ever again be any meaning applied to the Origination Clause without which we would have no Constitution like this today?    Mr. Gohmert. Having been here in Congress now for 11 years, I can tell you that if the Supreme Court rules that the Constitution says or doesn't say something, that often is enough to be a winning argument among Members of Congress who don't pay as much attention to the Constitution but seem to think, well, if the Supreme Court says it, then it must be the law, when, in fact, as we know they get things wrong and have to be corrected later by another court. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the time.