    Mr. Katko. The Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Transportation Security, will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to examine TSA's PreCheck program. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    I would like to thank our witnesses for their participation in this hearing. We know your time is valuable, and we appreciate you taking the time to be here today to discuss the future of TSA's PreCheck program.    At the outset, I would like to express my sincerest concern for the victims who were attacked last Friday night at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport. Transportation Security officers have the important responsibility of securing our Nation's aviation systems, and once again we have seen TSA and law enforcement personnel act swiftly and, more importantly, bravely to protect passengers from a security threat at the checkpoint. I commend them all for that.    I commend also the TSA and law enforcement personnel in New Orleans, as well as at airports across the country, for their service and dedication to keeping the traveling public safe.    Over the last 3 years, TSA has adopted a more common-sense, risk-based approach to passenger screening through the implementation of its PreCheck program. Since its inception, TSA PreCheck has garnered a positive response from both passengers and transportation security industry stakeholders from moving away from a one-size-fits-all approach to aviation security. TSA PreCheck has fundamentally changed the way Americans think about passenger screening in a post-9/11 world, and I believe it should continue to expand.    However, in order to do so, this program must grow and mature in a manner that saves taxpayers' dollars while also improving the experience of the traveling public and reducing security risks to aviation.    Growth in PreCheck should not be at the expense of any of these core objectives, and I am concerned that several initiatives related to expansion of TSA PreCheck do not meet these criteria.    One such initiative is the Managed Inclusion program, which involves conducting a real-time threat assessment to identify passengers who are eligible for TSA PreCheck on a flight-by-flight basis through the use of such tools as passenger screening canine teams, explosives trace detection technology, and behavior detection officers.    While this program may help reduce wait times and increase utilization of TSA PreCheck lanes, it has not been shown to improve the experience of travelers or reduce risks to aviation.    On the contrary, passengers that go through TSA PreCheck enrollment process and pay $85 for expedited screening are not seeing the benefits that were promised to them. This is largely due to the fact that passengers who did not enroll and are unfamiliar with TSA PreCheck are being ushered into expedited screening lanes through Managed Inclusion with little to no information about the expedited screening process.    The experience for many of these travelers is, at best, confusing and, at worst, infuriating when TSO screeners act as though travelers who have been conditioned for over a decade to take their shoes and belts off should suddenly know to leave them on.    In addition to the poor and confusing experience many travelers face due to Managed Inclusion, serious questions remain as to overall effectiveness of the program at detecting threats.    The Government Accountability Office released a report in December 2014 and found that TSA failed to comprehensively test Managed Inclusion's security effectiveness. Rather, TSA has tested the effectiveness of individual Managed Inclusion security layers, but has not yet tested the security effectiveness of the overall Managed Inclusion process as it functions as a whole.    TSA's failure to conduct such testing leaves us without an accurate assessment of the program's performance. While TSA has cited the random nature of the Managed Inclusion program as a positive, I believe that the benefits of this unpredictable program have not been shown to outweigh the potential risks. Simply put, TSA should not continue operating Managed Inclusion if it does not address the issues I have just outlined.    Finally, we have recently learned that a convicted felon and former member of a domestic terror organization was allowed to utilize PreCheck screening as part of TSA's risk assessment program. Risk assessment determines PreCheck eligibility by using risk algorithms built into TSA's Secure Flight system and grants certain passengers PreCheck status on a flight-by-flight basis.    In this instance, we understand that, even though the traveler document-checker recognized the individual from media reports, a TSA supervisor allowed the passenger to proceed through PreCheck screening. We must be wary not to become complacent at screening checkpoints because of PreCheck, and it is important that screening officers are empowered to use their better judgment in the screening process.    Fortunately, we all share the same goal, which is to protect the millions of passengers who use our Nation's critical transportation systems every day. With this in mind, the subcommittee looks forward to today's important dialogue on how to enhance risk-based security going forward.    Mr. Katko. I would like to thank each of you for being here today; before we get to your statements, I want to introduce the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, the gentlewoman from New York, Miss Rice, for any statements she may have.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank you for convening this hearing, first and foremost.    Before I begin, I want to take a moment to note the disturbing incident that occurred at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport last Friday when an individual assaulted multiple TSA officers with wasp spray and a machete.    It is a chilling reminder of the risks Transportation Security officers face every single day on the front lines of the effort to protect passengers and maintain the security of our Nation's aviation sector. It is a difficult, dangerous, and often thankless job.    But I want you to know--and I feel safe saying I speak for everyone up here--that our thoughts and prayers and our gratitude are with you all. I also want you to know that we are committed to developing solutions to enhance the security at our checkpoints for your safety as well as that of the passengers you protect.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for convening this important hearing today so that we can examine the TSA PreCheck program. The TSA PreCheck program, as I understand it, is one of TSA's risk-based initiatives aiming to maintain effective security while also maximizing efficiency.    When the Aviation and Transportation Security Act became law, it authorized TSA to establish requirements to implement trusted passenger programs and use available technologies to expedite the security screening of passengers who participate in such programs.    This allows the TSA to vet passengers on the front end through the PreCheck application process. Those passengers can go through expedited screening, and TSA can allocate resources on the ground to focus on travelers who we know less about or suspect of criminal intent.    I understand that more than 1 million people have now voluntarily submitted their biographic information in order to participate in this trusted traveler program. That makes sense to me. It seems like an appropriate balance between effectiveness and efficiency.    But I also understand that certain populations who have not undergone this vetting on the front end are, nonetheless, sometimes permitted to use the expedited PreCheck screening lanes. That is something that doesn't make sense to me. It suggests to me that the balance sometimes tips maybe too far towards efficiency and maybe at the expense of effective security. But I am looking forward to hearing the comments of all of the panelists.    Certainly that was the case when a convicted felon and former member of a domestic terrorist organization was permitted to use a PreCheck lane, as we learned from last week's report by the Department of Homeland Security's Office of Inspector General. That kind of breach is simply inexcusable.    Of course, it is beneficial to use PreCheck so that we can concentrate our resources on passengers who are unknown to us and pose the highest potential risk. But when a passenger such as this individual who was known to us and clearly posed enormous risk is given access to the PreCheck lane, it demands that we take a hard look at the methods being used to calculate that risk.    So that is why we are here today, to examine the risks of expanding PreCheck beyond pre-vetted, pre-approved passengers, to reassess the methodology used to assign a person to a given risk category, and to ensure that we never allow the pursuit of efficiency to compromise security.    I look forward to hearing from all of the witnesses here today. I also want you to know that we are currently working with Ranking Member Thompson on legislation that will be introduced, and our hope is that the information we gather through today's hearing will better inform that measure.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I thank all of the witnesses for joining us today and yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Miss Rice.    I want to now recognize the Ranking Minority Member of the full committee, the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Thompson, for any statement he may have.    I want to note preliminarily, though, that Mr. Thompson is a very busy man, and it is an honor and it is a pleasure to have him here. I really very much appreciate his input and guidance on this subject matter. So thank you very much.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Thompson.    Other Members of the committee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Mr. Katko. We are pleased to have a distinguished panel of witnesses before us today on this important topic.    Let me remind the witnesses that their entire written statements will appear in the record.    Our first witness, the Honorable John Roth, assumed the post of inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security on March 10, 2014. Previously, Mr. Roth served as the director of criminal investigations at the Food and Drug Administration.    Prior to that, he had a long and distinguished career with the Department of Justice, beginning in 1987 as assistant U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan. I will note that Mr. Roth had excellent on-the-job training at the Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section, doing very complex organized cases, as did I.    So welcome today, Mr. Roth.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Roth. Obviously, your testimony will be somewhat limited until we get into the secure portion of the hearing. But, nonetheless, what you can talk about in the open hearing here, I appreciate your input. So thank you.    We appreciate all of you being here today, of course.    The second witness, Mr. Fletcher, is the chief risk officer at the Transportation Security Administration. In this new position, he is responsible for developing and driving the long-range strategic vision and objectives for TSA with respect to risk-based security and risk-managed activities and implementing risk management across all areas of the agency.    The Chairman will now recognize Mr. Fletcher to testify.    Mr. Katko. I am not sure if you timed that or not, but you are just about within a few seconds of being perfectly at 5 minutes. That is pretty good. That is really good.    I also want to make clear to you one thing. The PreCheck program with Homeland Security is the best example of what Government thinking outside the box can accomplish, so I commend TSA for that program.    We are not here today to cast aspersions at the program. We are here to make sure that it is being properly implemented and that it is still safe. That is what we are here to do today. So I thank you very much for being here today.    Our final witness, Ms. Jenny Grover, serves as director of homeland security and justice issues at the Government Accountability Office. Prior to this position, Ms. Grover was assistant director for GAO's health care team, where she led reviews on a wide range of health care issues. Ms. Grover has been with the GAO since 1991.    The Chairman now recognizes Ms. Grover to testify.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Grover, for your testimony. We appreciate your participation here as well today, as well as the entire panel's.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions.    I am going to concentrate my questions on one area and possibly two. The first area is Managed Inclusion. As you heard from the testimony today so far, Managed Inclusion is one of the exceptions, if you will, to the PreCheck program. I don't know if ``exception'' is a proper term to use, but it is one of the ways that it is added to the PreCheck program.    As a preliminary matter, I will note that the PreCheck program is something that people pay for. They pay for it, and it is a service as well as a risk-based security method. The fundamental premise of PreCheck is that it allows TSA to better focus on the higher-risk travelers by getting the ones that are lower-risk in the PreCheck program. But the fact remains that people are paying for that service, if you will, and the service is quicker access into the secure area of an airport.    So, with that overview, I want to talk a little bit about Managed Inclusion. To start with, if you could just briefly, Mr. Fletcher, give us a very basic reason that TSA went to Managed Inclusion to start with.    Mr. Katko. Thank you.    A couple of things here I want to touch upon. You mentioned one of the things being resources and reducing the risk that there is an attractive target by having a large crowd in a nonsecure area of the airport. Correct?    Mr. Katko. Now, if we expand the PreCheck program through better marketing of it and it is growing on its own merit anyhow, does that change the calculus for wanting to use Managed Inclusion?    Mr. Katko. It does or does not? I am sorry.    Mr. Katko. So do we.    Mr. Katko. Thank you.    I know I am a little over time here, but I just want to follow up briefly on that. Two things.    From a resource standpoint--I know that is one of the genesis for the Managed Inclusion program--is it fair to say, though, that there is a significant number of TSA employees who work on a part-time basis?    Mr. Katko. If you could just briefly address the fact that you know when the high-peak hours and high-peak traffic is going to be.    Isn't it possible for TSA to better utilize the part-time employees to deal with the high-traffic areas and not resort to Managed Inclusion?    Mr. Katko. Thank you very much.    The Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, Miss Rice, for 5 minutes for questions.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fletcher, I am going to direct my questions to you.    I think it is really important for us to--especially in light of your comment that you would like to take the universe of people that go through TSA PreCheck lines pursuant to either Managed Inclusion or the risk assessment rules--you would like to decrease that number and increase the actual number of people who go through the PreCheck process.    Can you succinctly tell us what that process is from a person applies to they are approved?    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Miss Rice.    The Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the full committee, Mr. Thompson, for questions.    Mr. Katko. So approved.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Thompson.    The Chairman will now recognize other Members of the subcommittee for 5 minutes each for questions they may wish to ask the witnesses. After we have exhausted the questions from each of the subcommittee Members, we will allow Ms. Jackson Lee 5 minutes' time for questions as well.    In accordance with our committee rules and practice, I plan to recognize Members who were present at the start of the hearing by seniority on the subcommittee. Those coming in later will be recognized in the order of their arrival.    The Chairman now recognizes Mr. Rogers for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Rogers. I appreciate it.    Ms. Jackson Lee, I believe you are next up.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Jackson Lee for being here, showing an interest in the subcommittee's work and for your thoughtful comments and input. The Chairman now recognizes Mr. Ratcliffe for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Ratcliffe. We are going to have a brief second round of questions here so you will have an opportunity to have some follow-ups in a moment.    I now recognize myself for some follow-up questions, and I apologize for the somewhat rapid-fire manner of these questions, but these are questions I was hoping someone else would ask. Since they didn't, I want to follow up with them. First of all, on the convicted felon issue, just so that I am clear, the convicted felon that was cleared, is there any doubt in your mind that that was--let me rephrase the question.    Were they in error when they cleared that convicted felon for that--to do a PreCheck?    Mr. Katko. Okay, so obviously, this person would not have passed the PreCheck status, correct?    Mr. Katko. So it becomes self-evident that the risk assessment approach and the Managed Inclusion approach aren't as thorough and good as doing the PreCheck background check?    Mr. Katko. Okay. Now, shifting gears for a moment here. From a pure marketing standpoint, and PreCheck--part of PreCheck is, indeed, marketing. It is fair to say, is it not, that PreCheck, when someone has paid for PreCheck and they paid for a product and they see people being taken out of other lines that haven't paid for the product going into the line, sometimes ahead of them, that is not good marketing from a purely marketing standpoint?    Mr. Katko. That is a fair point, but let's face it, though, for the people who have paid for the program, it is a negative.    Mr. Katko. Now, I want to ask this question only because I have experienced it the last two times I have been at Kennedy Airport and I am trying to get home, and there is a long line, and there is no PreCheck line open.    So, the question I have for you is, how come PreCheck isn't always open when they sell a product that people have paid for?    Mr. Katko. Okay. Mr. Roth, and Ms. Grover, I haven't forgotten about you two and you will be actively participating in the closed portion of this hearing. Trust me.    But I do want to ask you this, either one of you. Miss Rice asked some very good questions about recurrent vetting, and Mr. Fletcher talked about there is a cost associated with that. Do you have any idea how costly it would be to do recurrent vetting?    Mr. Katko. I think--I am very trained in asking questions and not pontificating because, for 20 years, the judges would kill me if I did that. But I will tell you that recurring vetting, to me, is an important and serious issue. I would ask either Mr. Roth or Ms. Grover or direct us to the appropriate entity that can try and give us an idea of what that cost might be, because I think that is an important factor to enter into these things.    I think that recurrent vetting is, as this program matures and it is certainly a program that is going to be around for a while, as it matures and more time takes place between when they are initially vetted and up to the present time, I think that there is more opportunity for people to go bad, if you will. Recurrent vetting might catch that. That is an important part of that.    Also, Mr. Fletcher, let me just ask you as long as we are on the subject, briefly, the question recurrent vetting, is it fair to say that there is a science of developing with algorithms, that can be designed, that might be able to do some of this recurring vetting absent a criminal history check on a regular basis without a lot of costs once the algorithm has been established?    Mr. Katko. Thank you. A couple more quick questions and then we will be able to wrap up with this portion of the testimony. First of all, a straightforward question here. On December 22, 2014 there was a Request for Proposal issued for TSA PreCheck application expansions. That RFP sought private-sector implication capabilities to expand the public's enrollment access to PreCheck. The solicitation was taken down on February 7, 2015. The question I ask is: Why?    Mr. Katko. Do you have any idea what our time frame is before that RFP will be back up and running?    Mr. Katko. Excellent. The last question I wanted to--series of questions about marketing and enrollment for PreCheck. I have talked to airport operators and they have expressed a strong interest in providing kiosks, even at their own costs, so people can come and sign up for PreCheck in their airports. They have also offered to provide space in their airports to do the follow-up vetting from a PreCheck at their facilities. To me, that sounds like no-brainers. We have--every single airport in the country should have the option of being able to do one of those--have one of those kiosks to sign up.    What I would envision would be a kiosk where they come in, they sign up, somebody is manning the kiosk. They pay the fee. They fill out the form. It goes to TSA and then they do their work. What do you think about that?    Mr. Katko. Just so I am clear, though, so you are saying though, that you have a contract with a vendor that is kind-of preventing from you developing this program further?    Mr. Katko. Is there anything in that contract with that vendor that prevents--that would prevent these airports from opening these kiosks and collecting these applications?    Mr. Katko. Excellent. Okay, thank you.    I want to also note that from a convenience standpoint for passengers, the PreCheck is not exactly where it should be. Now, I will give you an example. My understanding from the PreCheck process in Syracuse is that if you want to get screened, do the follow-up in-person interview, you have to drive to Oswego, New York to get the interview.    To me, that is wildly inconvenient, and I would like to see a process whereby passengers can get the follow-up interviews at the airports. Because the idea is, if you have frequent travellers, and those are the ones you want to target for PreCheck and there are millions of frequent travellers in this country, why not make it as absolutely convenient and user-friendly as possible? They can sign up at the airport. They can do the follow-up interview at the airport while they are waiting for a plane or getting off a plane. That makes much more sense than driving 45 minutes to an hour north to Oswego, and if you know Oswego in the wintertime, you think Syracuse gets a lot of snow. They get a lot more snow than that, so it is not always a good idea to drive up there. So, I just want to let you know, we going to be looking into that as well.    Mr. Katko. Okay. Do you have any questions?    Miss Rice. The rest of my questions are going to be at our closed-door session, if that is okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.