    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, Congressman Trott, for the privilege of being here today. You have my written statement. Let me make three brief points:    Point Number 1 is there has been a clear explosion of regulatory burdens in the Obama administration. OIRA reports that it has issued 453 economically significant regulations. That's 38 percent more than the Bush administration. That's 41 percent more than the Clinton administration. It's above historic norms by a large margin.    At the American Action Forum, my colleague, Sam Batkins and his staff, do a comprehensive review of regulatory issuance, they read every single final regulation, and the agency self-reported compliance cost. Over the 7\1/2\ years of the Obama administration, the total is $800 billion in new regulatory burdens. That's about $250 for every house, every person in the United States, and given the concerns that have been expressed by the Chairman and others about the pace of midnight rulemaking, that total is certainly going to go up perhaps dramatically.    The second point is that these burdens do not disappear. They have economic consequences. The regulatory burden has to show up in the form of higher consumer prices, or has to show up in the form of lower wages in employment, or reduce profits and the ability of firms to survive, or even desirability to enter.    American Action Forum looked at 36 major regulations, as I indicated in my testimony, and found that they raised consumer prices by a cumulative $11,000. These are significant impacts on prices. This isn't AAF alone thinking this. When the Department of Labor issued a silica rule that had a $9 billion cost, it pointed out that for some of the smaller firms, those costs would represent 90 percent of their profits, but that it was not to worry. That would simply be passed on to consumers.    If it doesn't go to consumers, it's got to go somewhere else, so in work, we looked at the impact of the 2008 ozone rule, and if you look at nonattainment counties compared to those in attainment, the impact is about $56.5billion in wages, or about $700 per worker, and a loss of something like 240,000 jobs.    So you're going to see these burdens in prices or wages and employment, or just in general economic growth. I mean, if you look at $800 billion, that's $100 billion a year and 60 million paperwork hours a year. You have to believe that if we had $100 billion tax increase every year, everyone in America would know it, it wouldn't be a hidden cost, and a lot of people would be saying, Gee, I'm not so sure that's a good idea. This has been a terrible recovery by historical standards.    And, I think it is no coincidence that for the past 3 years, for the first time, the rate of birth of new firms in the U.S. economy has dropped below the rate at which firms fail. We are not seeing the traditional American entrepreneurs who show up in the data, and the regulatory burden, I think, is contributing to that.    Final point is that the retrospective review process is not taking away existing regulations, so this is just new layers of burden on top of the old. The President signed, as has been mentioned, Executive Orders 13563 and 13610. If you look at our analysis of the impacts of those EOs, they raise the cost of the regulatory state by $16 billion. It went the wrong direction from a retrospective review point of view.    And, one of reasons is new regulations, things like the gainful employment rule or new greenhouse gas controls are being classified as retrospective, when, in fact, they're new regulations, and all of this suggests that the EO process, not just with President Obama, with previous presidents, is not a powerful enough tool for retrospective review, and that Congress should think about an alternative mechanism, whether it be the SCRUB Act or other legislation I know the Committee has considered. I thank you for the chance to be here today, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. There are a range, and I think the question is which ones would be the most desirable. So you know, sometimes people want to just put a freeze on regulations. I think that's too blunt an instrument. I prefer to have changes to the regulatory process that would sort of make the midnight rush impossible.    So for example, there is the ALERT Act that the House has looked at. That kind of transparency, knowing what's coming down the line, the timetables for rulemaking would, in fact, styme--stymie the midnight activities. And so, I think look to the entire regulatory process, reform that and stop the midnight rush in the process.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I think it's been quite damaging. I understand the argument that says there are the benefits out there that need to be quantified as well, and I want echo what I believe Administrator Shelanski said very well, which is, you should try to quantify everything you can, and that imposes a discipline on the rulemaking process that's actually very important.    But it is easy to quantify cost. We take the agencies at face value. I'm not even sure they're right, but even with those estimates, $800 billion of cumulative burden in 7\1/2\ years is just like putting $800 billion of taxes onto America's businesses and small businesses, and the evidence on that impact on jobs, wages, growth, is unmistakably bad.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. We know only that in past Administrations, this phenomenon has happened.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. And, we have some suggested evidence presented in the written testimony of trying to sort of get things out before May, which is likely when the Congressional Review Act hits.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. That's what we know.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. If they're planning, they didn't call me.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. The evidence I have I told you about. We have a chart----    Mr. Holtz-Eakin . And, we have history.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I remember he testified. I don't remember the details of it.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I'll take your word for that. I'm----    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Everybody makes mistakes. I don't find that a shocking statement.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I think that it's too simple to pin the Great Recession on financial regulation, and the reason it's too simple--if I could finish.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Is that----    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. No.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. There was overregulation at Fannie and Freddie.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. There was underregulation in some cases. The issuers of subprime mortgages at the State level were often very unregulated. We saw some really bad mortgage origination.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. In some cases, with better prudential regulations, it helped. In some cases, we overregulated.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. You can question him about his views. What I'm saying is my experience on the Commission is that----    Mr. Holtz-Eakin . There were evidence of both overregulation and underregulation.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I guess I'm in the vicinity of a C, C minus. I'd say the--the break they deserve is that a lot of this comes from the Dodd-Frank Act and the Affordable Care Act, which were drafted very poorly by the U.S. Congress and have led to some real regulatory problems in filling that out.    The thing I think they did most poorly was to not keep track of the breadth of the regulatory burden. That's been unusually active, not just at HHS and at the SEC and CFTC, but the Department of Labor, the FCC, you know, the Department of Energy, sort of every agency has issued regulations that are remarkable, right, and I think it is OIRA and the Administration's responsibility to look at that and modulate its impact on the economy, and they did a bad job there.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. So as I said, I think you should quantify everything you can so that you understand the comprehensive benefits and costs of a rulemaking process, but certainly, you should always place priorities on the most pressing issues. And, in the past, from the end of World War II to 2007, this economy grew fast enough that even with population growth, the standard of living doubled every 35 years, roughly, one working career.    The projections are that this economy will grow only at 2 percent, and if you roll in population growth, that means the standard of living doubles every 75 years. I believe that's the primary domestic economic policy problem that we have, and that we should devote all of our attention in the regulatory tax and budgetary process to solving that problem.