    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for attending today. I just wanted to warn that at 10 o'clock the hospital has some type of drill that is going to go on, so you are going to hear alarms. It has nothing to do with the hearing, and it doesn't mean it is over, to our witnesses. Thank you.    The Committee on Homeland Security's Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications will come to order.    The subcommittee is meeting today to examine efforts to ensure community resilience. I appreciate the effort taken on behalf of all those involved to have this important field hearing take place. This is an official Congressional hearing, as opposed to a town hall meeting and, as such, we must abide by certain rules of the Committee on Homeland Security and the House of Representatives. I kindly wish to remind our guests today that demonstrations from the audience, including applause and verbal outbursts, as well as any use of signs or placards, are a violation of the rules of the House of Representatives. It is important that we respect the decorum and the rules of this committee.    I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    Thank you all for taking the time to appear today before the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, and I thank Staten Island University Hospital for hosting us in this beautiful facility.    Nearly 4 years ago, a perfect confluence of circumstances brought Superstorm Sandy and its devastating storm surge to our doorstep. Dozens of New Yorkers lost their lives, thousands of homes were damaged or destroyed, and billions of dollars have been spent in the aftermath.    Oftentimes after a disaster like this, the public just wants to see action--something, anything--being done to fix it. Under the gun, Congress drafts legislation to allocate massive sums to Federal agencies and to impacted jurisdictions, usually with limited oversight.    Resources are, of course, necessary to recover and defend against future disasters. But have the investments made after Superstorm Sandy resulted in a stronger, more resilient New York? Just as importantly, have the Federal agencies worked together to maximize their individual investments? What can be done to improve?    That is what we are here to talk about today. My opening statement will discuss the rationale for Federal investments in storm resiliency projects and then highlight a few examples of Government working well, and also areas for improvement. I look forward to hearing from each agency, delving into some more specifics about their resiliency focus and how we can improve upon the status quo.    First, it is a fact that $1 spent today to mitigate flood risk will save many dollars after a disaster strikes. The Federal Government's focus on risk mitigation, particularly the concentrated focus after Sandy, will save lives and money in the future. It is a missed opportunity to replace in-kind homes and infrastructure after a disaster, only to leave them just as vulnerable to destruction during future disasters. That is why it is encouraging to see agencies like HUD place such a strong emphasis on resiliency projects.    But the investments should have a cohesive strategy. Not just HUD investments working together with other HUD investments, or Army Corps projects tying into other Army Corps projects. Where possible, HUD projects should complement FEMA projects, and USDA projects should complement Army Corps projects, and so on.    For example, it seems strange that differing FEMA and Army Corps standards would result in no change in flood insurance maps or premiums after the Army Corps completes a project designed to reduce flood risk. Yet, that has actually happened in some cases.    The response has not just been Federal. The city of New York has also devoted tremendous resources to Sandy recovery and has transformed the way it approaches disaster preparedness and recovery over the last 4 years.    Here at home, the city of New York has acted aggressively to advocate for Federal risk mitigation grants, coordinate investments and projects, and work toward a city less susceptible to storms like Sandy.    The Mayor's Office of Recovery and Resiliency, led by Dan Zarrilli, has an entire team dedicated to this cause. In general, an empowered office coordinating the different work happening in the city will minimize missed opportunities, save time, and maximize efficiencies. It's good to see that New York City is operating in this way.    We can find a great example of the benefits of collaboration right here on Staten Island. The Army Corps of Engineers is planning and designing a $600 million line of protection stretching from Ft. Wadsworth to Oakwood along Staten Island's eastern shore.    There have been obstacles and setbacks, but through each challenge the Mayor's Office, the Corps, and the National Park Service, which has jurisdiction over some of the land that the Corps is using, have worked collaboratively and productively to overcome them.    My team, along with Senator Chuck Schumer's office and Borough President James Oddo's office, is on the phone almost every week with the involved agencies to keep track of its progress and schedules.    While the Corps is not here today, this subcommittee will continue to maintain focus on the status of that project to ensure that it remains on time, on budget, and that it will deliver the expected results to the residents of Staten Island.    Despite great partnerships, agency turf battles seem to be unavoidable, and that's disappointing. The Corps and the USDA have been squabbling over easements, which has jeopardized a $32 million investment in Staten Island's ``Bluebelt,'' a natural drainage system crucial to the borough's sustainability. Oddly, each agency wants the same exact outcome, a flood drainage easement. I understand differences of opinion will arise across agencies, but collaboration must trump retrenchment. It is what the public expects and, more importantly, what they deserve.    We must also address the post-disaster housing recovery strategies to effectively mitigate risk. After spending upwards of $4.6 billion, New York City neighborhoods will be left with a hodgepodge of housing types. A single block could see a handful of elevated and rebuilt structures, a few empty lots, and the rest repaired in-kind. Is this the best possible outcome?    We must consider the question in the context of New York City's unique housing stock. Mitigation standards that work for single-family detached homes in the south don't work for multi-family attached structures here.    In fact, Federal one-size-fits-all floodplain building regulations actually prohibit repairing attached homes that suffered the most damage. Floodplain regulations require homes that suffered substantial damage to elevate during repairs, but attached homes can't be elevated. Owners of attached homes are stuck in this bureaucratic morass, unable to legally repair their structures and unsure of options aside from elevation that could reduce their flood risk. Urban areas like New York require detailed alternative mitigation options with commensurate flood insurance premium credits.    While inflexible Federal standards may impede urban post-disaster housing mitigation, New York City has benefited from creative new ventures like FEMA's 428 alternative process and HUD's resiliency competitions. I'm sure we will hear more about the successes of these programs from the agencies here today. In particular, I am interested in hearing FEMA's assessment of the Rapid Repairs program, which restored heat, hot water, and electricity to 20,000 residential structures in 90 days.    Last but not least, we will hear from representatives of charitable organizations and Southside Hospital. These organizations worked tirelessly to assist the residents in their communities after the storm, and each of them experienced their own challenges in these efforts.    Non-profits are often the most effective responders because they have deep local relationships and understand the needs of their friends and neighbors. My friend Vinny Ignizio, who leads Catholic Charities here on Staten Island today but was a council member during and after Sandy, has a unique perspective on how government and non-profits can improve their coordination in response to disasters. I am sure Ms. Higgs will also have a unique perspective on this issue.    Hospitals are among the most important critical infrastructure during and after a major disaster. SIUH, where we are here today, is in the 100-year floodplain, as is Southside, which faced tremendous flooding during Sandy.    Three Federal agencies--FEMA, HUD, and the VA--have made substantial resiliency investments in New York hospitals, and I am interested in hearing how the agencies have coordinated their investments to make them work together to maximize their utility. In particular, I am also interested in hearing from Southside Hospital in regard to their experiences working with FEMA since the storm.    As the subcommittee meets today, we are at the start of another hurricane season, and whether it is this year or in the years to come, another disaster will strike New York City. Four years after Sandy and the appropriation of more than $50 billion for the regional recovery effort, are we more prepared today than we were before?    This hearing will point us in the right direction. Now is the time to address any inadequate statutes, resolve any interagency turf battles, and build the relationships to ensure that we are a resilient community in the face of the next disaster.    Before I yield to my friend, the Ranking Member from New Jersey, Don Payne, for his opening statement, I want you all to know that when I was appointed the chairman of this subcommittee, I said that we wouldn't be holding hearings just for the sake of holding hearings. After each hearing that we have held this year since I became Chair, we have taken action on the information provided by our witnesses, whether it was successfully advocating for the restoration of homeland security grants that are vital to New York City and major urban areas around the country or introducing legislation to address cybersecurity challenges.    Today's hearing will be no different. Many of the issues I will raise today have been raised by my constituents, and I can assure you that we will work to consider and take action on the things we learn from today's hearing.    With that, I welcome our distinguished witnesses and yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Donovan. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, Mr. Payne, for an opening statement.    Mr. Donovan. The gentleman yields back.    We are pleased to have two panels of very distinguished witnesses before us today on this important topic. I will now introduce our first panel.    Mr. Michael Byrne serves as deputy regional administrator for Federal Emergency Management Agency Region II. Prior to joining FEMA, he spent 20 years with the New York City Fire Department and served as first deputy director of the New York City Office of Emergency Management. Mr. Byrne also served as FEMA's regional operations chief after the 9/11 attack on the World Trade Center. Following Hurricane Sandy, Mr. Byrne served as the Federal coordinating officer for New York.    Ms. Marion McFadden serves as deputy assistant secretary for grant programs in the Office of Community Planning and Development, CPD, at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Prior to joining CPD in August 2014, Ms. McFadden served as chief operating officer and acting executive director for the Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding Task Force and was a founder of the Rebuild By Design competition.    Mr. Dan Zarrilli serves as New York City's chief resilience officer, overseeing the Mayor's Office of Recovery and Resiliency, Office of Sustainability, and the city's OneNYC Program, a position he has held since January 2016. Prior to this, he was the first director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery and Resiliency in March 2014 and served as the acting director of the Office of Long-Term Planning and Sustainability from February to December 2014. After Hurricane Sandy, he served on the Special Initiative for Rebuilding Resiliency.    The witnesses' full written statements will appear in the record. Before I recognize Administrator Byrne for testimony, I ask unanimous consent to enter into the record written testimony submitted by the elected officials from Staten Island and Brooklyn. Without objection, this is so ordered.    Mr. Donovan. The Chair now recognizes Deputy Regional Administrator Byrne for 5 minutes.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Byrne.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. McFadden for 5 minutes.    Mr. Donovan. We didn't know who was going to be speaking at the time.    Mr. Donovan. You get a set of steak knives.    Mr. Donovan. It is only going to last 45 minutes.    Mr. Donovan. That was some way to show off that they used the $45 million to put a new alarm system in.    Mr. Donovan. Are we good, Lou?    Let's try, Ms. McFadden. I apologize.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Ms. McFadden.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Zarrilli for 5 minutes.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Zarrilli.    I thank each of you not only for your testimony today but for your service to our Nation, particularly the communities which Don and I represent.    We have a few questions for the panel. I will begin just by asking Mr. Byrne, one of the big projects that I spoke about that Staten Island is very concerned with is the sea wall that is being constructed by the Army Corps of Engineers. It is our understanding that they are building this to specifications that FEMA has set, standards that FEMA has set, so that the people who live in the flood maps will see reductions in the premiums to their flood insurance. It would also include mitigation in those premiums for people who still live in the parts of the flood zone that still need the wall to be built.    Is that coming along as we all believe it to be?    Mr. Donovan. Wonderful. Thank you.    I would like to ask yourself and Ms. McFadden if you could explain to me, as I said also in my testimony, that the housing stock in New York is different than it is in other parts of our country. Many of our residents live in attached housing, whether it be in row houses or townhouses, or whether it be in an apartment building. It is near impossible for the residents of those types of housing to be able to abide by the elevation standards that are required in order to find relief in their premiums for their insurance.    Is HUD, is FEMA, is anybody working on factors that those folks can mitigate to protect their homes without elevating that will allow them to see the same relief in their flood insurance premiums as others who are elevating are seeing?    Mr. Donovan. I understand that, aside from elevation, there are measures that a community can take to protect not just an individual home but a community as a whole that would, first of all, reduce the risk of flood in those homes, and second allow those folks to see a reduction in their insurance. I think what our residents need is some guidance on what are those measures a community could take, and we look forward to hearing from you, not today but in the future. I have written to the administrators of both of your agencies asking for some guidance on what our residents can do to mitigate when it is impossible to elevate their home.    My time is running out. I just wanted to ask my friend Dan Zarrilli--Dan, I know there were some difficulties coordinating grants. I know a lot of our residents were misinformed or not informed particularly with taking out SBA loans and then later on finding out that they were ineligible for other relief because they had taken out a loan. When they asked can we pay the loan back and get the grant relief, they were told no, since you took the SBA loan. That was, I think, the fault of all of us for not informing people who were trying to do the right thing and be responsible, taking out loans to start the repair work, that if they hadn't taken that loan out they would have been eligible for money that they wouldn't have had to pay back.    So I don't know if through your experience, in all the projects you have worked on, when you found that information being passed down from various Federal agencies makes it more difficult if information wasn't being passed down to you, if information was being passed down that was not coordinated with every agency that was involved, I just want to open that up to you.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    My time has expired. I now recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Payne.    Mr. Donovan. I thank the witnesses for their valuable testimony today. I thank you for sharing your expertise in the measures that we took before, during, and after Superstorm Sandy. I certainly appreciate your suggestions for what we should do in the future.    This panel is dismissed. I will ask the clerk to arrange the table for the next panel. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. I would like to welcome our second panel to today's hearing and thank them for their participation.    Mr. Vincent Ignizio serves as the chief executive officer of Catholic Charities of Staten Island, a position he has held since July 2015. Prior to joining Catholic Charities, Mr. Ignizio served as the minority leader of the New York City Council and as a New York State Assemblyman representing southern Staten Island.    Welcome, Mr. Ignizio.    Mr. Donovan. A very aggressive witness.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Brad Gair currently serves as the vice president of emergency management and enterprise resilience at NYU Langone Medical Center. He previously served as the founding director of the Mayor's Office of Housing and Recovery Operations and was the local recovery manager in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. He also served as deputy commissioner of the New York City Office of Emergency Management and as Federal recovery officer for the World Trade Center after 9/11. Mr. Gair is testifying today as a private subject-matter expert. He is not representing any agency.    Ms. Donna Moravick serves as the executive director of Southside Hospital. She previously served as vice president of Cardiovascular Services for Northwell and director of the North Shore University Hospital and Long Island Jewish Medical Center Department of Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery.    Ms. Kelly Higgs serves as the disaster recovery and resiliency coordinator for the New Jersey Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster, a position she has held since October 2013. Prior to her current role, Ms. Higgs served for more than 20 years in non-profit management and consulting.    The witnesses' full written testimony will appear in the record.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Ignizio for 5 minutes.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Ignizio.    Mr. Gair.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Gair.    The Chair recognizes Ms. Moravick for 5 minutes.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    The Chair recognizes Ms. Higgs for 5 minutes.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Ms. Higgs.    The Chair now recognizes myself for a few moments to ask some questions.    You spoke about trying to coordinate efforts among non-profits, yet there is nobody who oversees all the not-for-profits. So I want to ask you, Vin, on the Federal level, do we need another layer of bureaucracy? No one likes bureaucracy, or another layer of it. But should there be some kind of oversight? This may overlap, Ms. Higgs, with what you were talking about. Should there be some oversight or coordination of all activities so that we're not doing duplicative services and making sure we are satisfying everyone's needs?    Mr. Donovan. Do the other panelists agree?    Mr. Donovan. You testified about how FEMA, HUD, and the VA all helped hospitals at the same time. Again, how do you coordinate that, especially at a time of a disaster when there is chaos? I suspect you have to be prepared for that before the disaster occurs so everybody knows what they are doing. You have many suggestions in your testimony about how we can improve our efforts after the lessons we learned from Katrina but didn't implement, the lessons we learned after Sandy that we are trying to implement. How do you do that without putting another layer of bureaucracy on top?    Mr. Donovan. My time has run out, but I would love to ask you about hospitals because this hospital, like I said, is in the flood zone. You were clobbered, but yet you remained open and were caring for patients. Can the Federal Government help you? You can't move your hospital. The walls that you spoke about, maybe someone could build one around your hospital, but in the interim is there a role for the Federal Government to help you provide the services that you provided during Sandy?    Mr. Donovan. My time has expired. I can't yield any more to Don because I don't have any myself.    The Chair recognizes my friend, Don Payne.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Don.    One of the advantages of being the last panel is that I can actually give you an opportunity if there was something that was stirred up in your minds during our conversation, questions that we didn't cover with you that you think would be important for us to bring back to the District of Columbia. We would welcome anything else that was not in your testimony or may have come to your mind hearing the other witnesses speak or that was stimulated by--not that any of our questions were stimulating, but----    Mr. Donovan. But if there is something that came up, we allow you this opportunity now before we close down.    Mr. Donovan. You want to be helpful. You just want to get reimbursed.    Mr. Donovan. Some people even join Congress for that.    Mr. Donovan. I think we all are saying that, we all agree with my friend Mr. Ignizio, who said that preparing ahead of time, because during a chaotic situation like a natural disaster or a terrorist attack is not the time to figure out who is supplying the buses.    Ms. Moravick.    Mr. Donovan. Well, I thank the witnesses for your testimony and your suggestions. I guarantee they have not fallen on deaf ears. This is the fourth hearing that I have conducted. The three other hearings that were conducted resulted in legislation to improve the systems which were already in place. We will take back your suggestions and your testimony with us to the remainder of the committee. There are other committee Members from all parts of the country, and I guess they didn't want to come to Staten Island for the pizza. They are so unlucky.    Mr. Donovan. But I thank you all for your testimony.    The other Members of the subcommittee may have questions when we get back to Washington, and they may submit those. I would ask that you submit answers to those within 10 days. The hearing record will be held open for an additional 10 days.    The subcommittee stands adjourned.