    Ms. White. Thank you. Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to testify regarding the Financial Stability Oversight Council.    As you know, the Dodd-Frank Act established the Council to provide comprehensive monitoring of the stability of our Nation's financial system. It also provides a formal forum for coordination among the various financial regulators, assisting in bringing about the kind of collaborative sharing of information and concerns that is very important to safeguarding the U.S. financial system.    As one of two capital market regulators on the Council, the perspective that I and the SEC staff bring to the Council is important. In particular, the SEC's historical tripartite mission of protecting investors, maintaining fair, orderly and efficient markets, and facilitating capital formation necessarily gives the SEC unique insight into many areas on which the Council is focused, such as the potential financial stability risks of asset management activities and products, the ongoing changes to market structure, and the role of central counter-parties.    SEC engagement with the Council on these issues helps to ensure that relevant expertise is brought to bear on these important subjects. With respect to designations of any non-bank financial companies as systemically important, it is important to be data-driven and to conduct rigorous analysis throughout the process.    The Council is also focused on enhancing its process and the transparency of its functions, which I consider to be quite important. Toward that end, as the ranking member indicated, in February of this year the Council unanimously adopted changes to the designation process, including increased and earlier engagement with companies under review, increased public transparency concerning the designation factors, and an opportunity for designated firms to meet with Council staff in connection with the annual review of their designations.    I look forward to our continued study of possible further enhancements and agree with the observation that the Council is a relatively new organization and should continuously study ways to optimize its functioning.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today. I would be pleased to answer your questions.    Ms. White. The protocol is for the Chairman to pick one person, typically a staff person, to accompany them. That is the structure of FSOC.    Ms. White. Can you repeat that?    Ms. White. I would follow--    Ms. White. I will follow the congressional structure. I think that is something--    Ms. White. I would discuss it with my fellow members of FSOC and the Chairman. Discuss it with them, as I have done before.    Ms. White. The answer is that the SEC independently proceeded. I am aware, obviously, of the preliminary recommendation of the FSOC. But the SEC proceeded independently to reform the structure, in some ways, of money market funds.    Ms. White. The SEC proceeded independently of the FSOC recommendation.    The SEC has been studying it for some time, certainly since I have been there as Chair, and proceeded totally independently. It was an important thing to do. To allude back to your first comment, though, I think it is very important from a bird's-eye view, that big picture view be provided by all the financial regulators who sit on FSOC.    Ms. White. I can only speak to the time since I have been there, which is--    Ms. White. But I didn't participate in the designation. I would have to drill down a little bit on those figures.    But what we do at the SEC, I think my written testimony reflects this, is--and again, it is not full-time people devoted to FSOC work streams. But who we need in particular areas are called upon to assist me and analyze--    Ms. White. In terms of the GAO-specific recommendations, I think those were responded to by the Secretary of the Treasury as the chairman of FSOC, not agreeing or disagreeing with the recommendations.    But I do think that the, what I will call the process and transparency changes made by FSOC in 2015 address a number of those concerns in terms of both transparency, and clearer information to companies as to when they can interact, when they are being analyzed in stage two.    There was a lot of back and forth before those changes, but I think a number of those changes are responsive to those recommendations.    Ms. White. If I could pick up there, I would agree with that analysis that the Council's guidance announced how it would be approaching that. It would be analyzing in a period of stress which would only make sense given what your purpose was in terms of judging--in trying to prevent significant negative impacts on the financial system.    Things that work in times of non-stress, don't work so well in times of stress. In terms of what is looked to, it is not just limited to how things operated in the 2008 period, but certainly that is typically part of the analysis, but you look to other scenarios, stress scenarios, as well.    Ms. White. Speaking for myself, I largely agree with your assessment. I don't think FSOC should be telling companies how to structure their business. I do think maximum transparency, as we were discussing earlier, is obviously something that we care about at FSOC and is important to do.    But very often, also, most often, I think the designations are not going to be based on one or two or three metrics but rather a business model. So it is a very complex undertaking, as well. But I don't think FSOC ought to be telling companies how to run or structure their business.    Ms. White. Mr. Woodall.    Ms. White. I overstated my expertise.    Ms. White. As you point out, the Treasury, and the Fed, and the SEC, actually sit on the Steering Committee of the FSB, and have since 2009, when it was established very importantly to look over potential risks to financial stability globally.    But whatever comes out of the FSB in terms of recommendations or suggested standards is not binding on the United States and certainly with respect to where there is overlap, for example in the designations that have been talked so much about. We act independently of the FSB. There are separate processes.    Ms. White. All of the above and then a host of other factors, too. So that you can--    Ms. White. Understood.    Ms. White. I think there is a good process. You always want to keep looking at possibly enhancing it. But essentially, at least annually, the Council has to look at that.    It was also made clear that the companies can engage with the staff on those issues. And then every 5 years, under some of the new procedures, they are entitled to a full hearing.    Ms. White. I would just add that I think you should always be judging the impacts such as you described, frankly, in a variety of contexts and a variety of different rule contexts as well.    Ms. White. I think it is certainly something that I think we need to be constantly keeping in mind with all of our regulations, what impacts they are having, what mitigators we ought to be considering in addition.    Ms. White. I do not think we have a very accurate estimate. Those discussions have occurred at the staff level but I can't say.    Ms. White. I wouldn't say zero but yes.    Ms. White. I really can't answer that. It would have to come from the Fed initially.    Ms. White. No, but I think we can't be complacent.    Ms. White. It would defeat the entire purpose of FSOC, which is a very important one, which is to look out for the financial stability of the U.S. financial system.    Ms. White. I think we have to carry out the mandate we were given, which is basically to identify and address systemic risks to the financial system, the financial stability of the financial system.    Ms. White. You want to consider all factors. And certainly when we do our rulemakings at the SEC, we directly consider all of the impacts. I think we do consider and discuss factors, a wide range in FSOC, too. But our primary responsibility is to carry out the mandate we were given to--    Ms. White. It is to identify and address systemic risk to the overall financial system.    Ms. White. I talked a little bit about this, I think, at my last hearing. It is a concern for all of us in terms of significant reduction in liquidity. Obviously, there are rules that have very beneficial purposes that may or may not be causing that.    We do analyses to see whether Volcker, for example. We will report quarterly to this committee. We have not determined that the Volcker Rule is having a negative impact on liquidity.    When we talk about shadow banking, I think we have to be careful too. That term covers a broad swathe. A lot of the things that fit under that category are heavily regulated by the capital markets regulators.    But I think you know the bottom line is that we are all, and should be, very concerned about impacts on the--    Ms. White. No, I think you can't emphasize enough the cyber risk. It is not a coincidence that it is listed first in the emerging risks in the FSOC annual report.    Ms. White. Again, I go back to the primary mandate of FSOC, which is to identify systemically important financial institutions that can impact the financial stability of the U.S. financial system.    I do think the Fed has actually adopted, if I am right, but certainly it put out for notice and comment, standards with respect to GECC. So that is there now. But I certainly understand the point that you are making in terms of if you don't know what the standards are that are going to be applied, it is obviously part of your analysis that you can't do.    I don't think we are obligated to do it. And indeed, I think we are obligated to deal with the issue of systemically important institutions in the first instance, and not wait for that action.    Ms. White. Again, I think the premise of the responsibilities of FSOC is what a tremendous cost the financial crisis was, and to try to prevent that. One of the tools that FSOC has is the systemic designation powers.    However, speaking for myself, we certainly want to act on full information, including that.    Ms. White. It does not, although I do consult with my fellow Commissioners before and after the FSOC meetings. But the short answer is ``no.''    Ms. White. No. It is more just informationally briefing on what is going to come up before FSOC, what I am intending to do.    And again, under the structure, I am the member and obviously the voting member of FSOC. If there is anything to take a position on at the meeting, I convey that and obviously listen to any input or different points of view, and then afterwards report to the Commissioners on what transpired at the meeting. But there is not a structure to take a vote in advance.    Ms. White. Again, I certainly am totally amenable to that point of view and making certain that I fully understand it and take it into account.    Again, under the current structure and protocol, the Chair or the head of the agencies that are the designated 10 voting members, can bring a plus one, as it is called in this town, to the meeting with us, which has been a staff member.    So it is really not structured to have the other Presidential appointees attend these meetings or vote on these matters. Obviously, that creates some sensitivities, no question about it. As I said, it is up to Congress if they want to change that structure.    Ms. White. When I became Chair, I tried to change how we proceeded to get fuller input. But again, existing structure presents some of the challenges you are outlining.    Ms. White. I was going to say that I think there has been some production of documents in that vein. But I would have to check.    Ms. White. I certainly think we all should be responsive to Congress, all of us, at any time we are asked, frankly, without the necessity of a bill.    Ms. White. But I think in terms of the FSOC process, we have to be very careful about what it is designed to do, and the nature of the information it considers.    Ms. White. I think we should continue to look at openness for sure.