    Ms. Castor. Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this important hearing on the Clean Air Act, and I hope the committee and this Congress will not weaken the Clean Air Act or undermine the important progress America has made in cleaning our air since the 1960s.    The Clean Air Act does require EPA every 5 years to review the air quality standards that govern the air we breathe and the law says make revisions as appropriate.    So last October after thousands of studies and comments and recommendations from the Independent Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee, the EPA proposed lowering the air quality standards by 7 percent, from 75 parts per billion to 70 parts per billion.    This is an important revision and it keeps America on the track of continuing to make progress, and if you look back since the Clean Air Act was adopted in the 1960s and then amended in the '70s and especially the '90s we have been able to--we have the strongest economy in the world and we have been able to make progress still with better air to breathe.    And this is especially important because it has such great consequences for our families and neighbors back home. We have been able to reduce smog across country. According to the American Lung Association, inhaling smog pollution is like getting a sunburn on your lungs and it often results in immediate breathing trouble. And long-term exposures to smog pollution is linked to chronic asthma and other respiratory and lung diseases, reproductive and developmental harm and even premature death.    The American Lung Association has determined that there are currently almost 150 million Americans living in areas with levels of smog pollution that are linked to health problems.    It is particularly harmful to children whose lungs are still developing, particularly harmful to older adults because of their age and all of our bodies become increasingly susceptible to the assault from dirty air and it is particularly harmful to our neighbors and communities of color and in low income areas that often struggle with environmental justice issues because they live and their children grow up next to industrial plants and other large-scale polluters.    But you have to compliment the industrial community in America. They have been able to make great progress, and the ag community too.    So it's a balance, as we move forward. But I am concerned that the bill we are considering today is really going to throw a wrench into the progress that we are making and despite the importance of continuing to make progress, this is not--this rule and these new standards aren't going to happen overnight.    They say States will have between 2020 and 2037 to begin to--or to address it and to make progress, and I know the EPA has said, ``We are going to work with the States.''    After reviewing the bill, it is clear to me that H.R. 4775 would drastically alter the Clean Air Act to weaken air quality protections. It would allow more pollution and threaten the public health.    The bill also undercuts our national ambient air quality standards process for all other pollutants. That is not appropriate.    These proposed changes would undermine significantly the features of the Clean Air Act that have driven important progress in improving air quality and public health.    And I have one specific problem that I wanted to ask Mirzakhalili about. It is the definition of exceptional events for air pollution such as it would expand that definition to include hot days, drought and stagnant air.    And, unfortunately, what we used to think of as exceptionally hot days is now your typical summer day in Florida and in other places.    So what's the practical impact of including these types of occurrences in the definition of exceptional events?    Ms. Castor. Well, I share your concern and, as climate change continues to exacerbate droughts and heat waves, these events are becoming even more common and I have to say this is America, we can do this together with industry and with all of you as technological experts in concert with the Environmental Protection Agency and the Congress. But we shouldn't take a step backwards and we shouldn't undermine the Clean Air Act and not continue to move forwards.