    Mr. Lordan. Good morning, Chairman Weber and Mr. Loudermilk, Vice Chairman Knight and Johnson, Ranking Members Mr. Beyer, and members of the subcommittees. I am Richard Lordan, Senior Technical Executive at EPRI Transmission. I'm pleased to testify today on vulnerabilities of the electric grid.    For those of you who don't know, EPRI is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that conducts research and development relating to generation, delivery, and use of electricity for the benefit of the public. EPRI's members represent approximately 90 percent of the electricity generated and delivered in the United States. International participation extends to over 30 countries.    So my testimony is going to be kind of in two parts. One is on the general vulnerability of the grid and then I'm going to bore down on one threat which is electromagnetic pulse.    When I talk about the vulnerability of the grid, I'm really talking about vulnerability to high-impact, low-frequency events. They called them HILF events, and they are rare but they have a high impact. And some of these things include natural events like severe weather, earthquakes, geomagnetic disturbances, and also manmade threats like physical security and EMP, which I'm going to talk about today.    So you asked about the vulnerability of the grid, and there are inherent vulnerabilities in the grid to these threats because the severity is generally higher than the design basis for the system. To completely eliminate these vulnerabilities would be cost prohibitive. It would defeat the industry's objective of providing reliable, safe, environmentally acceptable, and affordable power.    EPRI supports a prudent approach where you assess the vulnerabilities from all of these threats, calculate the impact should these events occur, and develop cost-effective countermeasures that improve transmission system resiliency.    I'm now going to talk about EMP with a comparison to geomagnetic disturbance. EMP and GMD are often conflated but there are important differences that I'll highlight. Dr. Baker could probably add some more. EMP, electromagnetic pulse, refers to a very intense pulse of electromagnetic energy typically caused by the detonation of a nuclear device or other high-energy explosive device.    There are three stages of an EMP and I'm pretty sure you know what they are but I'll do it again: E1, E2, and E3. The E1 is characterized by an incredibly fast rise time high-energy pulse. It has the ability to destroy electronics in the power system, and it affects itself by the electric field itself or by coupling to wires that are attached to these devices.    The E2 is similar to lightning and consequently can result in damage to electronics and potential flashover of distribution class insulation.    E3 is characterized by a longer duration, low-frequency content similar to GMD, and that's why people talk about EMP and GMD together. But the E3 part of EMP is much shorter than a GMD, and therefore, it will not have the consequence of transformer overheating and failure. It does have the ability to saturate transformers and transformers will create harmonics. They'll consume reactive power and there may be voltage collapse on the system.    With regard to risk management of these threats, so we talked about EMP and vulnerability. EPRI is leading an effort with the industry to characterize each of these threats, whether it's EMP, GMD, physical security or cyber, characterize the threat, then identify the key component--key components in the system and understand the vulnerability of those components, then assess the impact should this event happen. What's the effect on the system and what's the societal cost? Then we develop and assess mitigation strategies that will buy down that risk.    And lastly, after we've done all the different threats one by one, we support looking sideways and seeing, hey, are there any mitigation strategies that also support multiple threat that would improve your business case by increasing transmission resiliency?    So thank you again for inviting EPRI here today and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Lordan. So let's do E1, E2, E3 warning first. Typically--the EMP is a nuclear device. Typically, a nuclear device or some high-powered device, the fast rise time for the E1 is the most important part and a nuclear device is the way to go for that. We assume no warning for that, and so we've--we believe operational strategies are inapplicable for EMP, a nuclear attack. Are there things that DOD can do to give us warning, to mitigate attack? Certainly, but that's outside of my purview.    And if I could go on to GMD----    Mr. Lordan. --for warning. Okay, so the average storm is about four days. Dr. Baker says there's fast ones. So we can observe the sun and we can tell when it's coming, and there's things that you can do in that four day period even though you know that it's kind of vague but you're not sure exactly how big and you're pretty sure it's going to hit you but you're not exactly sure. There's things you can do. You can defer maintenance on your transmission line so you have more capacity, you can back off generation so that you have a little bit of room to add voltage support. So there's things like that you can do.    And we are doing studies with NASA where they're trying to improve the accuracy of the observations of the sun in the first four days before it reaches DSCOVR satellite, yes.    Mr. Lordan. The storm is fast but not as fast as the speed of light. It travels about a million miles an hour, the typical one. And there's faster ones. So 93 million miles will get you there in about 96 hours is 4 days, so that's an easy way of doing it. And then the Lagrange 1 point where Dr. Baker referred, we have a satellite there. There's an A satellite, there's a DSCOVR satellite, and then when it reaches that point, you get a lot better information, but unfortunately, the gravitational Lagrange point is only one hour away from Earth. There's only--one million miles away.    Mr. Lordan. Um-hum.    Mr. Lordan. Yes, sir. And there are smaller devices that are more accessible to more parties so we're trying to figure out the risk spectrum, the folks who can supply high-altitude nuclear device and have the missile capacity to get it here. It's small--    Mr. Lordan. --and the effect is high. These intentional electromagnetic interference, which is what you're referring to, these are more accessible to more folks. The thing about those devices is that they provide a local impact, and therefore, you'd need to have a coordinated attack to make a big impact. And so I think this group is talking more about high impact--    Mr. Lordan. I think--I'm going to say--I'm not sure exactly. I think I see things in a bread truck is what I usually see the picture of--    Mr. Lordan. --but I think they can be they can be smaller than that.    Mr. Lordan. Just real quick. I mean you can make the tank thicker but the radiator where you're trying to dispel the heat is--    Mr. Lordan. And the attack in 2013 that you alluded to, they shot the tank a few times but what they really shot was the radiators--    Mr. Lordan. Would you want me to----    Mr. Lordan. Yeah. Do you want me to answer that----    Mr. Lordan. --question? Okay. So, yeah, it was a novel, and so there were liberties taken and they did base this on classified information, which I don't have access to. But when we analyzed what the impact would be, and this is what we call a high-altitude electromagnetic pulse, detonated seven, ten miles above the Earth, we know that there were some relays are going to be affected but not all. We know that some computers, some communication systems are going to be impacted but not all. And it is possible and likely that there could be blackouts, but then there's a recovery and there's things you can do to recover more quickly.    Mr. Lordan. I'd say the--if you get hit with an EMP, the rise time of that impact is faster than any electronics device could respond to, I assert.