    Mr. LaFaille. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Costa, and Members of the Subcommittee, my name is Tom LaFaille with the California Wine Institute. We represent 1,000 California wineries and related businesses. We appreciate your leadership on this important issue.    COOL represents an enormous threat to California exports and U.S. exports of wine. Whether you are a wine consumer or not, there is a winery in every state in the United States, including the Chairman's home State of North Carolina, with Biltmore Estate Winery that exports. We have estimated that it is a $120 billion industry, which created over 800,000 jobs, largely in rural areas. So wineries represent an important economic factor around the country.    Globally, U.S. exports of wine reached $1.5 billion last year. It was slightly down due to the strong dollar and the West Coast port shutdown. Retaliatory tariff, whether by Mexico or Canada, would represent a significant additional challenge on top of the challenges we face. Wine Institute works to fight--to work against tariff trade barriers, tariff barriers, as well as non-tariff barriers, but it is a country's tariff that is the most significant factor in determining a market's export potential.    We estimate that COOL-related damages to the U.S. wine industry could reach upwards of $500 million. We know that retailers will soon begin buying elsewhere, price-sensitive consumers will shop elsewhere, and it will take years to gain back the current market share that we have.    We learned this the hard way with Mexico's two previous tariff retaliations. In 2007, we had sales of $22 million in exports to Mexico. After the retaliation, they quickly dropped to $11 million. That is a 50 percent drop in 1 year. And even after the tariffs were eliminated in 2011, it took another 3 years, to this year, before our exports finally reached the 2007 levels. So we know that retaliation will cause enormous loss of sales and U.S. jobs. So we urge Congress to act quickly once the WTO's decision is made, in order to prevent retaliation.    Thank you for your leadership and your efforts to grow U.S. exports.    Mr. LaFaille. Absolutely, Mr. Costa.    Mr. LaFaille. Well, we know that retailers will start to look at other countries' wines and--rather than ours, even before retaliatory tariffs will hit. At the same time, once they hit, consumers, who are definitely price-sensitive, are going to be looking to less expensive products, and so we know that this is exactly what happened in Mexico, and it took 7 years to recover.    Mr. LaFaille. I am not certain of that.