    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank our witnesses for being with us today. The Internet has quickly integrated into our everyday lives, and has become a central platform for job creation, education, business development, health care, and free expression. Therefore, the preservation of the Internet's openness and freedom should remain a high priority as NTIA prepares to transition the U.S. Government's role in the Internet's--numbering functions to a global multi-stakeholder community.    I thank the gentleman, my friend from Illinois, for introducing the Dot Com Act to ensure proper oversight of this transition. This bill will safeguard our national security interests, and allow citizens to continue to freely navigate the Internet. I look forward to hearing from our witness. And, Mr. Chairman, I would, at this time, yield to the gentleman from Illinois the balance of my time.    Mr. Latta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks very much for our witnesses, again, for being here today. I tell you, this is a very, very good hearing today, and I think it is bringing up a lot of very good information we have to have as we go forward as a committee, and as a House.    But one of the first questions I would like to ask Mr. DelBianco, if I could ask of you, and there are three parts to this question, and the question is this. One proposal from ICANN accountability working group is a creation of fundamental bylaws, as a rejection mechanism for the multistakeholder community. Can you elaborate on how you think this is going to help improve accountability? And then maybe just following right up into this is do you think that this will work long term? And is there enough of a culture of accountability within the membership of the community to make this effective? So, really, starting with that question about the fundamental bylaws.    Mr. Latta. Mr. Schaefer, let me ask you. Because this is interesting, and, as we have seen through time, and across the world, sometimes things don't actually work sometimes the way we hope they would, especially when we are talking about the multi-stakeholders, and the oversight. And the question I am going to ask is this. Could there be some intimidation by certain members of other members that would be a problem out there that you would end up on an intimidation, when we are talking about trying to change bylaws, or just the functioning of the Board itself?    Mr. Latta. If you could answer that?    Mr. Latta. But suppose that some of these are more authoritarian type governments, and that is one of the things that we have talked about in this Committee----    Mr. Latta . That they wouldn't be recalled by their constituency because there is no constituency.    Mr. Latta. The question that I have got, though, is can there be intimidation of those stakeholders out there? And there is going to be--it might not just be because of what we are talking about on the Internet, because of other things that are going on in the world, and a lot of things that this Committee touches that we have seen that can happen. But my fear is that you could have some folks out there that would be intimidated not by ``a government'', but by the stakeholders that are representing a government.    Mr. Latta. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I see my time has expired, and I yield back.