    Mr. Orr. Chairman Simpson, Ranking Member Kaptur, members of the subcommittee, thanks for the opportunity to testify on the Department of Energy's 2017 budget request for the applied energy programs. Before I get started with the details I would just like to say thanks for all the support that you provided in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016 which, of course, we are in the middle of working hard on now.    Joining me today, of course, are my colleagues. As Ranking Member Kaptur noted, Dave Danielson was called away for a family emergency, but the Deputy Assistant Secretaries are here with us, and if there are detail questions they will be able to help us get past those.    As we meet here today, our Nation stands at an important point in the transition to a clean energy economy. Cost reductions and technological improvements are leading to increased deployment of clean energy technologies. If you just look at the last 7 years, the cost of utility scale portable tag solar power has declined by 59 percent. The cost of power purchase agreements for wind power fell 66 percent, and deployment of energy efficient LED lights went from 400,000 lights to over 35 million with a corresponding reduction in price of 90 percent. So that tells you something about what some combination of research and technology developments and deployment at scale can really do.    Yet, work obviously remains to enhance the energy security in U.S. clean energy competitiveness while we work on global climate goals at the same time. It is in this spirit that the President is joining in an unprecedented global initiative across 20 nations to commit to doubling public clean energy research and development known as Mission Innovation. This is, of course, complemented by a private breakthrough energy coalition, and no doubt, lots of other investors as well. A private sector-led effort to mobilize patient capital to support clean energy technology is emerging from the R&D pipeline. It is an opportunity to bolster the innovation ecosystem that has been so productive for this country over the years.    The Department of Energy Science and Energy programs invest in all stages of innovation across a diverse portfolio of clean energy technologies. This work is aimed at fundamentally enhancing American economic competitiveness and securing America's long term energy security in an environmentally prudent manner. The National Laboratories are key contributors to this work, and they provide the Nation with strategic, scientific, and technological capabilities that are very important to our future. The applied energy programs make use of the expertise that exists in the labs and, of course, strengthen it going forward. At the same time, they work with partners across government and industry to research, develop, demonstrate, and deploy innovative clean energy technologies.    The Department's 2017 request takes the first step in our effort to double the clean energy R&D effort over 5 years. It includes key new initiatives such as the regional energy innovation partnerships, a desalination hub, national-lab focus initiatives including small business partnerships. I will also mention the request is built on technological foundations that came from our 2015 quadrennial technology review. I am forced to advertise for that because it was a lot of work. It actually, of course, has been hugely important as we thought about all the different ways we could invest the research portfolio. So it is based on kind of an analytical systems based analysis that really did play an important role in our budget debates.    The overall science and energy request is $12.9 billion which is $2.8 billion above the fiscal year 2016 enacted level. The applied energy portion of this request is $5.1 billion to advance the state of technological capability and enable the clean energy future. And as the Chairman noted, this is a big part of what is counted in the Mission Innovation area. In fossil energy this means continuing to develop our carbon capture and sequestration capabilities, and improving the performance of natural gas infrastructure. In nuclear energy we are moving forward on licensing small modular reactor designs, advanced reactors, and implementing the President's nuclear waste management plan with consent-based siding. I am sure we will talk more about that as we go forward.    In the renewal space this means continuing to drive down the costs of solar, expand the deployment of wind power, and take advantage of the Nation's hydropower and geothermal energy resources. As I know, the Secretary has noted for you a number of times, in the end it is about driving down costs, so energy is woven through every bit of the fabric of modern societies, and societies that do a good job on making the cost be low and be competitive will be ones that thrive going forward.    New in this year is 21st century transportation initiative to scale up clean transportation R&D that involves some things that we have worked on already, but continues the effort on batteries, biofuels, and automation. In energy efficiency, it means increasing the efficiency of home appliances, but also making industrial process and manufacturing more efficient as well. Again, those reduce costs in ways that benefit the whole economy.    Critical to bringing all these clean energy technologies to homes and businesses across the country is the Nation's power grid. And we are continuing to invest in this through our grid modernization initiative and through advances in energy storage and cyber security. To leverage the expertise the department holds across these programs we are also working to continue to build productive links across the agency. One of the ways we have done this is through cross cutting initiatives. The current initiatives include efforts on the energy water nexus, exascale computing, supercritical CO<INF>2</INF>, subsurface science, clean energy manufacturing, and grid modernization.    We introduced this model in fiscal year 2015 and a number of those efforts have grown and matured since. A good example is the grid modernization cross cut which has led to a proposal of a grid modernization institution, and also our recent announcement of $220 million in grid modernization projects to be spent over the next few years. Building on the crosscuts' successes so far this year, we are also introducing a new cross cut on advanced materials. I would be happy to talk about that more later if you wish.    Today the Department's portfolio investment will drive innovation and technology advancement that is essential for economic growth enabled by affordable, clean, and reliable energy. And with the increased momentum on the international stage I believe we will look back on this period as one of significant acceleration in the transition to a clean energy economy. The fiscal year 2017 budget supports this transition, and my colleagues and I would be pleased to answer questions that you may have about the request, so thank you for this.    Mr. Orr. No.    Mr. Orr. We could actually have a good time with this topic for a long time but I suspect our time will be limited but I will just say a couple of things. One, that this question of how we take water that, I mean one extreme is ocean water but there is a lot of stuff in the middle, there is produced water from the Utica shale in Ohio that is less saline than ocean water.    There is, you mentioned the waste water treatment area. In one sense, waste water contains a series of nutrients and chemicals. The nutrients that you mentioned that come from fertilizer use are one thing and so the possibility exists to recover some of those resources that can be useful at the same time that we are purifying water, the place where the desal idea comes in is that there are kind of multiple steps in getting to a pure water stream or a water stream that can be useful for agriculture or for cooling at a power plant and so on.    And we are really trying through this initiative to look at each of those pieces so particularly the water that is in preparation for--that might come from waste water or non-traditional water, dealing with the energy requirements that are in the waste water streams as well, those really fit in this whole question of how we use energy and water together so I think that they are very much in the purview of the energy and water nexus.    Mr. Orr. But I am actually making the argument that they really are connected because the way--I mean right now, if you just take the ocean water as one thing, there is plenty of water but you spend energy to get the salt out of the water and that is really true of any other material that is in the water that we do not want to be there and algae fits within that, so thinking about the energy use of all of these processing steps, particularly the early ones where you would have impacts across the whole country and not just in drought places.    Mr. Orr. And this is actually a place where I actually do agree with the Secretary that one of the ideas behind the regional efforts to understand the combinations of energy and water use is really because there are these differences. The specific applications that you are talking about are ones that involve a combination of energy and water that is quite different from what might exist in Arizona for example so the regional focus in those modeling efforts is a chance to look at those kinds of problems.    Mr. Orr. We probably want to look at the upstream fertilizer use too as another way to get at some of the same problems.    Mr. Orr. Yes, we will be back this afternoon.    Mr. Orr. Well we will certainly continue the very successful effort that is in the advanced manufacturing arena and the composite at Oak Ridge is a prime example of ways that you can take the scientific capabilities of a place like Oakridge and make them available and build an ecosystem around them.    The regional partnerships overlap in some ways and not in others but the idea there is that if you take assets like universities and entrepreneurial communities and national labs that are distributed around regions in the country, that they will look at the combination of energy challenges and opportunities that they have and those challenges and opportunities will be different depending on where you are. If you are in Maine, then maybe it is wind, offshore or not, and a whole variety of approaches that fit in the area there. If you are in Southern California, it is a different energy challenge and a different set of opportunities to deal with and a different set of assets to put to work. The idea would be to create some non-profits that would manage a local energy ecosystem research effort that would benefit that area and would undoubtedly have benefits beyond as well but to take advantage of both the heterogeneity around the country and the creative juices of all the people that can work on things that matter for their areas but we will still continue to invest in things like the advanced composites institutes because those have their own ways to contribute in a more specific way.    The regional partnerships would be technology neutral in the sense that they would go beyond the specific application.    Mr. Orr. Indeed, one informs the other and we are certainly wanting to do the best job we can in terms of both providing efficiently and at the same time taking advantage of what we have learned on how to do this across the building space.    Kathleen, do you want to add anything to that? This is Kathleen Hogan who is the Deputy Assistant Secretary here and has this in her purview.    Mr. Orr. Thank you for the question, it is an excellent one. I think that the cost evidence indicates that the hardware costs have come down more quickly than the related costs, and I know this to be true from my own experience installing solar cells at my house in California, and that there is an opportunity on both sides. We have not given up on the fundamentals of photovoltaics. We know that there is still more to be done there, and there is some really exciting work with perovskites, for example, that could lead to real cost reductions in the future.    But at the same time a parallel effort like the one you described which looks all the ways that the process slows down and, therefore, costs more, these are regulated at State and local levels and so, in one sense, creating some best practices and a competition amongst places to figure out how to streamline the process, offers some ways to get to a more efficient process and, therefore, to lower cost. So we think that the appropriate thing to do is to work on both sides of the equation because we know that this can be done more efficiently.    Mr. Orr. Mm-hmm. So, I am going to have to ask for help on that, but I will start by saying that one of the things that we learned in doing the Quadrennial Technology Review was thinking about energy systems offered some ways to be much more efficient. And if you think about cities and the way we have complicated systems that supply electricity, some more that supply water, that deal with wastewater, and that move all of us around, and all of those are linked together in interesting ways, so figuring out how to look at those systems as systems, and look for the efficiencies that come from being able now to deploy sensors and use advanced computing to manage these systems, that there are real opportunities there that we are only kind of just beginning to figure out how to work on. So we are taking this area as one example of ones where we can make some progress and learn how to do it better at the same time.    So, let us see, Reuben, I guess you are the right one. This is Reuben Sarkar.    Mr. Orr. Well, you are absolutely right that energy efficiency is something that offers lots of benefits and often ones that pay off economically with shorter payback times than lots of the other investments, so it is a really important area. I am going to ask Kathleen Hogan to talk about the specifics of the appliance efficiency standards with respect to how they apply to the so-called parasite or vampire devices, I guess, is what they are called.    But I will note that, in general, that the efficiency standards that we have worked on have had a real impact in saving lots and lots of money for consumers and, at the same time, reducing greenhouse gas emissions. So it is an area that really does deserve considerable effort and we will continue to do that.    Kathleen.    Mr. Orr. Well, the one thing I would say there is that in establishing the energy efficiency standards we actually do work quite closely with industry. It is a process that Kathleen can describe in more detail.    Mr. Orr. Say a word, Kathleen, too, about the business competitions for reducing energy use and the energy-efficient businesses.    Mr. Orr. Yes. Yes. But we have also worked with a variety of businesses to challenge them to reduce their energy consumption as well, and then publicize what they do.    Mr. Orr. Mm-hmm.    Mr. Orr. Well, I cannot explain it to you, but I bet one of my colleagues can. I would just say that being able to do that kind of thing, this is kind of the putting together of technologies that offer combinations. So they are kind of hybrid things that really do--just as a credit to a bunch of smart people.    But, Reuben, can you help us on this?    Mr. Orr. And I would just say that, you know, in the end, it is about cost, so continuing to work to reduce costs means the ability to deploy more widely, that when municipalities see that it is in their interest to do this, they will.    Mr. Orr. Yes. We will look to figure out some way to do that.    Mr. Orr. I would say that we are partway through the process of modernizing the grid to be as effective as it can be. Partly through the Recovery Act, for example, we install lots of sensors known to the technical experts as synchro phasors, but these tell us about voltage and frequency and kind of the state of the grid. That helped us be able to identify problems as they were developing and respond to them more quickly. But there is actually quite a lot more that we can do.    As the fraction of renewables grows, as more distributed generation appears, that offers both some challenges and some opportunities. As we use storage to provide batteries or flow batteries or some things like that as a way to provide some balancing on the grid, those are all opportunities that we have to figure out how they work, both physically, but also from a market standpoint, and so our Office of Electricity is working hard on these things. I'll ask Pat to join me in responding here just for a moment. It is the reason we have created our Grid Modernization Initiative and our Grid Modernization Lab Consortium. We have 14 of our national labs working on various components on this, and we have a 5-year, multiyear program plan that is aimed at really improving services, improving efficiency, and at the same time, making the grid more reliable and resilient and able to recover more quickly when bad things do happen. So it is a very important effort for us.    Pat, do you want to add to that?    Mr. Orr. Yes, I am going to pass to Reuben here in a moment, but I will say that this is one of those really interesting areas where there is a real competition. If you think about an electric vehicle, there, you are storing the energy on the vehicle in a battery, and then that drives an electric motor. A fuel cell vehicle is one where you store the energy in the hydrogen and then put that on the vehicle and then use a fuel cell to convert that into electricity to drive the vehicle. So they are competing technologies.    There is interesting progress on both sides, and we will see what that diversity in the marketplace provides. There are now charging stations are appearing around the country. I would say overall on the hydrogen side, they are probably more limited on the hydrogen side for now than the electric side, but it is definitely a competition. Reuben, do you want to add to that?    Mr. Orr. You are exactly right that it is complicated. The players range from utilities that generate the electricity in both investor-owned and the regulated utilities. There are the wires themselves and the transmission and then the distribution system, which often can be owned in separate ways, and then there are the regional balancing authorities that make sure that there is enough generation on the grid and that the whole thing is operating and stable. You are absolutely right that we are not the regulator, but, in some ways, that gives us a way to be a convener for the conversation amongst all these players. There are regional differences and some significant efforts going on to understand how it should work in particular markets. We can participate in all those conversations in a way that is harder for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to deal with or the state public utilities commissions. We can help conduct that conversation, and we can do research on the components that they need to do all this at the same time that we recognize that maybe the only thing that is more complicated in its regulatory approach is water, I think, because that goes right down to the community level. But, nevertheless, I think it is both an opportunity for some experimentation and some demonstration of what we need to learn, and the challenge as we figure out how to make it all work together.    Pat, correct whatever I said that was wrong.    Mr. Orr. A simple way to think about this is we need to keep the dern thing operating in order to sell the oil that it takes to generate the income to do the big picks.    Mr. Orr. Has he called you worse?    Mr. Orr. Well, it is an excellent question and I need to ask for some help. Kathleen, are you on the hook for this one?    Mr. Orr. I actually would like to ask Kathleen to respond to that, if you do not mind.    Mr. Orr. I will ask my colleagues to join in here in a minute, but let me start by saying that one of the primary reasons for investing in the grid modernization initiative that is one of our key cross cuts, and I would say the best developed of our cross cutting efforts, is because that effort integrates a lot of the things that you just talked about. It aims at being able to accept deep penetration of intermittent renewables and other kinds of distributed generation. It aims at providing a variety of balancing options, so one of those, of course, is storage. Grid scaled, battery storage is one way to provide that, and sometimes scale of works.    Mr. Orr. Yeah, so that is a place where we need a better market mechanism to recognize.    Mr. Orr. Well, yeah.    Mr. Orr. And in my case, at my house in California, I have time of day pricing.    Mr. Orr. And I do have some solar cells in the backyard, so I fixed it so that we do not run the dryer in the high cost period of that.    Mr. Orr. I mean, it is an interesting system of systems, so particularly, we have micro grids that might generate power, mostly on their own, and be able to deal with a crisis, for example, or a disruption. But then be able to come back online in a reliable and straightforward way.    Mr. Orr. Yeah. We are in the middle of that process. In terms of batteries per grid scale, there are some things called flow batteries, for example, that you would not want to put these on a vehicle, but where they basically do an electrochemical reaction and store the products in tanks. You need space to do this, but you can do really big quantities. But people are looking at other kinds of battery storage and battery chemistries for that sort of thing as well.    That is different from the other end of the scale where, on a vehicle, what you care about is the weight and volume of that battery and it is much smaller, so.    Mr. Orr. Well, Pat Hoffman's troops are busy. We have a significant boost in the energy storage for some demos in 2017 to go test some of these ideas. So Pat could tell you more about that if you want to, but we are in progress. Behind the meter side of things, there are companies out there that now will sell you storage, you know, 5/10 kilowatt hours that might allow you to generate power from your solar system at your house during the day and then use that to power your house at night or to----    Mr. Orr. Well, yeah. And, again, if it involves time of day pricing there would be incentives to be able to shift your load there. So it will be very interesting to see how the market values these things and how this plays out. But the technology pieces are starting to be there.    Mr. Orr. Yeah, yeah.    Mr. Orr. Well, this is a good example, I think, of why we would think about these things as systems. That is something we are trying to do a better job of. But you're absolutely right that reducing that complexity would aid deployment, and I would also argue that we need to continue to work on cost reduction because if the research can help us give you that geothermal heat pump setting at a price that doesn't require the various complex programs to help get them deployed, then that will work too, so we need to work on the cost side. Pat, do you want to add something?    Mr. Orr. Ok. It is a deal.    Mr. Orr. We can beat 25 I think for sure. We will have some demonstrations and, for example, in remote communities in some parts of the country microgrids are already functioning for those.    Mr. Orr. Sure, sure.    Mr. Orr. So thank you for an interesting and complicated question, but let me do the specifics first. So, as you observed, we have three in progress. We are working on defining two more for this year, and then we requested in fiscal year 2017 funds for a sixth. So that part is in progress. The question of whether things like this would develop without the kind of initial funding to get them going. I mean, there certainly are some efforts to that effect. I think the experience so far with the advanced composites manufacturing at Oak Ridge and with the wide bandgap semiconductor that one is earlier, and so we have more to do to see how that goes.    If the topics are chosen well and the institutional leadership is good then there really can contribute in interesting ways be bringing people together to work on, largely, the precompetitive kind of things that then can have a much broader impact. And I would just say that the advanced manufacturing area, particularly the additive manufacturing area, is on that because it has both advantages for energy efficiencies, advantages for the quantity of materials that get used, and for the kind of speed of the cycle time of developing some new process or part. All of those are things that really can benefit manufacturing across the whole country. The areas that Pat Hoffman mentioned for the grid kinds of applications are another one where there would be specific national benefits that really do make sense.    So I think that imposes on us the responsibility of doing a good job of thinking through the topics where they make sense, and where there is an appropriate government role it is not necessarily to do all the commercial activities. It is really to figure out where it makes sense to invest taxpayer funds.    Mr. Orr. I am not sure I am the right guy to answer this question, but I think we have been encouraged to think about where they make sense for the kinds of activities that we do. I am less certain about how that has gone for other agencies, but we have definitely been encouraged to think through where we can contribute.    Mr. Orr. So there I would say that we actually have some other activities that I think fill that role. We, for example, have an energy storage hub. JCESR at Argonne is the center for energy storage research. It is funded specifically to look at advanced battery chemistries that have higher energy densities and lower weights and good durability.    We also get at the fundamentals of that through quite a number of our energy frontier research centers that look at some combination of electrochemistry and nanostructured materials. So we do have that covered. We have also, actually at the other end of the innovation spectrum, we have funded through the loan programs office some activities with regard to battery manufacturing. So I do not know of anything involving one of the NNMIs, but we do have a lot of activity in the area.    Mr. Orr. Well, the six centers are manufacturing institutes. The three that we are working on already and the three more that are in our budgets or plans are exactly aimed at those kinds of issues, so we do have that in our portfolio.    Mr. Orr. You bet.    Mr. Orr. It is an excellent question, of course. So as I understand it, we already have examples of solar thermal that a solar hot water heater as being included in the weatherization side. And I think it has allowed that any technology where we can show a positive savings over cost is a possibility for inclusion in that. Kathleen, is that correct?    Mr. Orr. No, it would be through dark pipes. So it is a question of this balancing of cost and savings to the consumer, and as the costs continue to come down that seems like a real possibility to me.    Mr. Orr. And those have to exceed the cost of installing the system, so I think it argues, again, for this idea that continuing to work hard to bring down costs both on the permitting side and the hardware side is a way to make these things more widely available. And that is really true across the energy spectrum.    Mr. Orr. If I said that I did not mean to.    Mr. Orr. I think it is within the power of these systems now to be able to do what you are suggesting. Now, there might be just the sort of institutional inertia that afflicts all of us, but I think it is possible where the cost targets can be met.    Mr. Orr. You bet.    Mr. Orr. Sure.    Mr. Orr. Yes, we have five offshore wind projects that are in various stages of working through their milestones and requirements. The next three are in the second period of that and two more are alternates and are in the primary period. We will evaluate all of those this spring and we expect the next decision point is in May.    Mr. Orr. So partnerships, well we are imagining a competition that in a particular region that a variety of institutions, it could be industry, it could be universities, it could be a national lab would band together to create an entity, probably a 501(c)3, that would organize the research program, manage the funds, get them out, would not be a research provider but rather would be a research organizer. That we would select them competitively and then they would select competitive proposals which could be by members of the consortium, but with appropriate attention to conflict of interests of course along the way. But these would be focused on areas of regional interests and innovation at the regional scale. But at the same time would take advantage of the intellectual assets that exist in the area.    Mr. Orr. Yeah, that is right.    Mr. Orr. I know there is quite a bit of, there are truck fleets around that do that now. Rueben, do you want to say a word about that?    Mr. Orr. Good question. I do not know if we have it by waste heat, but we certainly do have a nationwide list of big CO<INF>2</INF> sources and they are pretty likely to be connected. So it wouldn't be hard to get you, actually EPA maintains a list of the--and we do have a list. I am sure we have a list of all the power plants around the country. So they would be a primary location to go look for thermal energy that was not being captured.    Mr. Orr. Steel plants would also be candidates there. I am sure----    Mr. Orr. Your refineries, well, we certainly know where they are. The refineries, because they use so much energy internally, they tend to be more organized around making sure that they can use the waste heat that they generate.    Mr. Orr. Sure, there is a lot of thermal, sort of low-grade thermal energy that comes out of the cooling of the downstream end of the steam turbines.    Mr. Orr. I bet that EIA, the Energy Information Administration, they must be able to estimate----    Mr. Orr. Yeah, I would think so.    Mr. Orr. We will have to do some checking to make sure I am not promising something I cannot deliver, but let us look at that.    Dr. Orr. Thank you very much Representative Fleischmann. I appreciate a chance to talk to you and others of the subcommittee again this afternoon. I will just thank the subcommittee for the support you provided. As I said earlier, at the Applied Energy hearing, for the support you provided in the budget this year. We are working hard on that, and we look forward to working with you as we work on this next budget.    So I am glad to have Cherry Murray with me today. She is the confirmed Director of the Office of Science, confirmed in December, and I can tell you that based on a year of experience in office there is more than enough for all of us to do, so I am very glad to have her with us. The Office of Science, of course, if the labs are a crown jewel for the country, the Office of Science is really the keeper of the crown jewel, and indeed, a tremendous asset to the Nation.    It supports research on the frontiers of science to enhance our understanding of nature, and also to advance the energy, economic, and national security of the United States. We stored in the Office of Science ten of the 17 national labs, as I know you know, and 28 state of the art national science user facilities. This enterprise supports more than 24,000 researchers at 300 institutions across the Nation, including some in Ohio. I will note that you folks are definitely users of the national labs. These are really fundamentally not only to the science enterprise, but also to our industry.    The ability to use the x-ray light sources, for example, to characterize materials at the smallest scale, the Spallation Neutron Source at Oak ridge. There are facilities that allow us to evaluate materials for the most advanced energy applications. A favorite example for me is the little turbine blades made by additive manufacturing. You can use the Spallation Neutron Source to image the residual stresses that are in those little turbine blades, and if those are appropriately handled that turban blades will hold together in the aircraft engine the way it is supposed to. Really, the science facilities have plenty of applications in industry as well.    The President's request, as Chairman said, is $5.672 billion, and we have that as a 6.1 percent increase from the fiscal year 2016 enacted level. The request takes the first step in fulfilling the government's Mission Innovation pledge. As the ranking member observed, an initiative across 20 nations to double public clean energy research and development over the next 5 years. The effort is complemented by commitments from private investors through the Breakthrough Energy Coalition. And no doubt, other investors as well.    To continue global momentum and accelerate clean energy technology development, the Department's requests aims to further accelerate the Office of Science's innovative work that puts America at the forefront of the global clean energy race.    Basic research supported by the Department's Office of Science will be crucial to enabling that transition to a low carbon secure energy future. Fundamental research is the key to developing truly transformative technologies that could radically change the energy landscape. It provides the scientific foundations for clean energy innovation through use inspired fundamental research on energy production, conversion, storage, transmission, and use. And actually many of the things that we talked about in the hearing this morning trace their origins to fundamental work that was supported by the Office of Science in its earliest days.    The increased investments as part of Mission Innovation will support a broad-based strategy for accelerating the innovation process. The strategy emphasized investments targeted to support innovative platforms for early stage research and technology development. An example of this would be the successful Energy Frontier Research Centers. We have 32 of those, if I remember correctly now, but this will enable us to fully fund up to five new awards in the area of subsurface science with an emphasis on advancing imaging of geophysical and geochemical signals. The subsurface plays important roles across the energy spectrum, so that would be a value there.    The request also sustains DOE's role as the largest Federal sponsor of basic research in the physical sciences. DOE supports fundamental research and scientific user facilities in a variety of scientific disciplines, from nuclear and high energy physics, to basic energy and biological research. The research conducted in these areas helps us achieved predictive understanding of matter and energy on microscopic scales, as well as complex phenomena such as the plants, climate, and biological systems.    In funding this cutting edge research the request continues science's tradition of successfully building and operating world class facilities that enable researchers from across the country and the globe to conduct groundbreaking research. This includes design for a reconfigured, international long base line neutrino facility hosted at Fermilab. Initial construction for the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment in South Dakota, and continued construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams. The request also builds on the success of the Bioenergy Research Centers with additional funds to expand technology transfer activities during the last year of the tenured program.    An area of priority for all of us with relevance across the whole innovation chain is high performance computing. U.S. leadership in science and industry is, of course, crucial to sustaining American economic competitiveness and developing new technologies in energy and other fields. In line with the President's national--strategic computing initiative our goal is to produce an exascale super computing environment capable of meeting 21st century scientific challenges by the mid-2020s.    Finally, I will mention that my job as Under Secretary is to foster productive links between the science and energy programs. And one way we have done this is by establishing cross cutting initiatives to accelerate progress on key national priorities. The expertise in the Office of Science provides the scientific underpinnings for several of these cross cuts including the energy water nexus, exascale computing, and subsurface science. This year there is an additional cross cutting effort proposed on advanced materials for energy innovation.    So altogether, the Office of Science's budget supports path breaking discovery while advancing American competitiveness and leadership in scientific research. Thank you for the opportunity to talk here today and to answer questions, if we can do so.    Dr. Orr. So thank you for that question. I actually was thinking about some version of that question as I mentioned the idea of using the x-ray light sources to characterize advance materials of all kinds. If you think about the energy systems, what they do is they convert some primary energy resource, could be wind, could be sun, could be fossil or nuclear resources into energy services like electricity or heat or transportation.    Almost every one of those, if you think about the process of building more efficient energy conversion methods, at their heart, they are fundamentally material sciences processes. They might require higher temperatures or pressures. They might require standing up under other harsh environments. They need to last a long time. They need to be cheap to produce, and they need to perform successfully.    So one of the ways that we can get there is to use our ability now to control material structures at very small scale, so nanostructured materials are one version of that. When you couple that with understanding material properties of being able, for example, to design catalysts that are everywhere in chemical processing, and batteries, and fuel cells, and to predict those properties computationally when we can do those things effectively then we can design new materials that will serve us well, and figure out how to do that with cycle times that are shorter than the might otherwise be.    So the fundamental science that goes with these things is an essential component of being able to get to advance manufacturing methods. Now, there is lots to do in between, and of course, that is the variety of our programs. In the end, the ability to use the user facilities to characterize all kinds of systems and to study their properties at the smallest scale, those enable practically everything else.    Dr. Orr. Ok.    Dr. Orr. Yes, so I am sorry. I meant to answer that the first time around, but I got off on nanostructure materials. One of the things we actually are part of doing as part of my office is to work on better ways to do that. So we established a new Office of Technology Transitions, for example, and we are implementing a requirement of the Energy Policy Act to establish a Technology Commercialization Fund that will help provide some support for interactions like this with the National Labs.    And then we have also just created a Clean Energy Investment Center that is a way to help industries see more quickly into the National Lab system for ideas that they might want to engage upon. And also to streamline the cooperative research agreements that we use to foster these kinds of interactions when it makes sense to do so. So we recognize that the process of dealing with industry is slower than it should be and we are working to try to change that.    Dr. Orr. Well, we talked about this some this morning, but we do, in fact, have quite a lot of interaction with the vehicle manufacturers. Again, part of it through the light weighting kinds of activities. Partly in all things like SuperTruck and various efficiency moves and so on, so we do work with the automotive manufacturers, the vehicle manufacturers quite a bit in a variety of ways.    Dr. Orr. Yes, it is your right.    Dr. Orr. It is a good opportunity to the extent that energy reduction can be achieved they often payback very quickly. It was not in your district, but I visited a plant, a General Mills plant in Ohio that makes Cheerios, and I could observe that they contribute usually to national sanity because anybody that has a toddler, you put them in the high chair in the restaurant with a batch of Cheerios, and then everything is okay for a while.    Anyway, but they managed to reduce their energy use in the plant by doing the kinds of things that you talked about. Waste heat recovery, using waste heat in one part of the plant somewhere else, reduce their energy use by about 25 percent. Some if it was lighting. There were a variety of things that they did, but by paying careful attention they could make substantial reductions, and so that is a good thing to do.    Dr. Orr. Sure. I am happy to do that.    Dr. Orr. Sure, I can do that. These work on problems that really demand expertise that come all the way across the whole department to have a variety of applications that do not just fit in those specific organizational approach that we have. And an example would be our grid modernization effort. On the one hand it is about how the transmission and distribution system works but it also involves the fundamentals of high performance computing in optimization kinds of setting and simulation is a very complex phenomenon. Another would be there are water and energy nexus because water gets used in all kinds of energy applications and at the same time it also we use lots of energy to move water around. Forty per cent of the water that is withdrawn from our lakes and rivers goes to the downstream end of a power plant for example.    Dr. Orr. That is correct.    Dr. Orr. There are a lot of things going on and we would argue that is a good thing. In the Office of Science, for example, the energy frontier research centers are a mechanism that we have used to bring together teams of people to work on use-inspired applications. The example I used earlier was the material science side of things----    Dr. Orr. Well, that means a place--so I will give you an example. I mentioned earlier that catalysts appear in all kinds of devices: the fuel cells, batteries, chemical process industries and those kinds of things and so a use-inspired effort would be one where we develop our ability to go from absolutely first principles and calculate the performance of some exotic combination of metals or some configuration of the catalyst that make it more effective so to go from first principles to do that. Now it is use inspired in the sense that once you can do that then you can design all kinds of things for specific uses.    Dr. Orr. Well, the Office of Science, and I am putting words in Cherry's mouth here, but the Office of Science evaluates Energy Frontier Research Centers periodically, sometimes they are extended and sometimes they are not so that is one version of this and they think hard about the priorities going forward and where there are good opportunities for new ones.    Dr. Orr. Well, I would say of the ones that I have visited they each have very interesting results and a lot of positive contributions. There is the Great Lakes Center that has worked on a variety of plant systems there is the UC-Berkeley Lawrence Berkeley effort that has worked on various bioenergy systems really quite a lot has been accomplished and maybe I will ask----    Dr. Orr. I will have to get back to you with the exact number we have but it is not currently lodged in my brain.    Dr. Orr. So maybe I can just say a word about where we are in that process. As you observed there have been some issues of schedule and cost. They have a new director who has put in place some new systems to look at all that. They have a new proposed time scale as being reviewed by the member countries and----    Dr. Orr. It is the ITER organization.    Dr. Orr. Well I think we had a lot to do with arguing for significant changes in the way it operated and a much more rigorous cost estimation and time estimation process and we also asked for an independent review of both of those things which is underway now.    Dr. Orr. Well they are definitely under construction of the facility and the United States is well along the way in meeting our commitments.    Dr. Orr. Yes we continue to work hard on the fundamentals of behavior of high density, high temperature plasmas and those are part of building the understanding it will take to design future machines. I think it is still true in terms of getting to the DT burn the deuterium tritium reaction ITER is still the best opportunity out there to get to that but it is a big hard problem and a big complicated machine to do that so our strategy so far has been to try to add some rigor to that whole process and do what you said which is to build a project management culture as part of that that will deliver that on time and with stable costs.    Dr. Orr. Yeah, mid-current projection for timeline is first plasma by mid-2020s so say 2025 and then DT burn in the 2030s range.    Dr. Orr. Well, I would say that given my vantage point of looking across all the programs that research programs in science and energy at DOE, the Office of Science I think actually has the most rigorous process for thinking about what priorities are and in trying hard to balance the needs for the facilities, but also to have the support of the research communities that make use of them.    Dr. Murray also mentioned that we make careful use of the Science Advisory Committees to help us think through where the research opportunities are, where the highest priority investment should be made, and we will absolutely continue to use that mechanism going forward as we make the tough tradeoffs.    In some sense assembly of every budget is one where you ask the question of balance, of investment across the portfolio, but also where can we invest the next dollar for the highest scientific return for the country. So we're absolutely committed to do that in whatever funding environment we find ourselves in.    Dr. Orr. Yeah, let me start and then I will ask Dr. Murray to chime in here. If you look back at the history of big advances in computing in this country DoE has actually been in the lead for a number of them. The one that sticks in my mind was at the time we agreed to stop testing nuclear weapons and we wanted to be able to simulate what happens as those devices operate in a way that we could assure ourselves that the stockpile was maintained in an appropriate way and that the deterrents would be there. The need for that advance in computing led to a big investment which led to a quantum leap in computing power. Once that was available, of course the scientific community said, well, heck, we can use this to do all kinds of cool stuff that we could not do before.    This time around the question you asked about the leadership in computing, we recognize that leadership in many fields fundamentally makes use of the highest performance scientific computing and, therefore, we are leading the way in the Office of Science with this investment.    Now, it does have important applications in the weapons side of things, so there is a substantial commitment from NNSA as well. But the intent there is that we will continue to lead the world and we will do that both by the speed of the machine, by the communications, because as you add processors and so on the communication links matter. And in the energy-efficiency side because the power consumption, if it just goes up linearly with the number of processors, you soon need one of those small modular reactors next to each machine.    So the net result is that this is hugely important for us and for the Nation and for everything we do.    Dr. Orr. I think that if we invest less, we get less.    Dr. Orr. The DOE, we asked the DOE to provide a report on the plan, on developing the exascale computing system, and it was supposed to be developed within 180 days. So where are we on that report?    Dr. Orr. We will get back to you on that.    Dr. Orr. I'm not sure either, so.    Dr. Orr. Could I just jump in here as long as you are poking fun at this?    Dr. Orr. You know what is cool about it is that it increases the overall efficiency of how much electricity it takes to make light that gets out into the room.    Dr. Orr. Yeah, or you get more light for the same amount of electricity. That is the idea. Now cost, of course, is an issue here.    Dr. Orr. And these are fancy materials. But it tells you the opportunities that fundamental science can have for these kinds of hybrid interactions that really might pay off in a real way even if we don't use it exactly in that form.    Dr. Orr. Well, I would just start by saying that we actually have been a long-term player in the biological interactions of some sort, mostly through the earliest work on radiation and what that did to living things. So we have had a very long effort there. In some ways that is what led to the human genome, because as we tried to figure out what kind of bad things could happen when radiation damaged the molecules, it was clear that one of the ways that you could cause damage was by damaging the genetic material. So that led to efforts to figure out what was there, and it got changed, and of course, now that, in turn, is what makes so much of what is called precision possible.    Now, the medicine part of that, definitely NIH, but with regard to things like, how do we understand very complex interconnected neuron systems like the brain, that has a big computing element to it, and how do we understand huge datasets that involve genomic information, and images, and patient history, and all kinds of things, how can we pull those together and use advanced computing and sort of unsupervised-machine learning to----    Dr. Orr. Well, in other words, tell the built software that can go look at all this data and extract patterns out of it, and help us figure out ways to make use of information we gather about parents, for example, to help just add, how to treat a particular cancer, or how to avoid the conditions that led to it in the first place.    Dr. Orr. That is a part of the--and because this is a classic problem that actually goes much broader than just biological implications, it creates an opportunity for us to learn how to do some things as part of the advanced computing, an exascale exercise that will aid our whole exascale effort in the first place. So there is a legitimate role in here to do some things together with NIH, that neither agency can pull off as well on their own, and so that is the part that we are looking for, is that.    Dr. Orr. Some are. We provide the fundamental--the basic facility, but in some cases, for example, NIH comes in and we built the synchrotron, and they have built some end stations that work on their kind of biological systems.    Dr. Orr. I think so, yes.    Dr. Orr. Yes.    Dr. Orr. A track----    Dr. Orr. I cannot resist saying that I love the idea of all of us sitting around thinking up things for the Secretary to do, and----    Dr. Orr. Now, I think you are right, that we need to learn better how to tell stories about, you know, if all of us--I mean, gosh, you cannot hardly cross the street without using the GPS that is in your cell phone. But there are so many layers and threads of science woven into the ability to do that, that being able to tell stories about the science that we kind of take for granted is actually done, would be a good way to help get kids excited for doing this in the future.    Dr. Orr. I am going to let Dr. Murray respond to that.    Dr. Orr. Ok, well, let me start and Dr. Murray can join in if she wishes.    This has been an experiment that provides modest resources to let startups or small companies make use of the facilities, link up with the scientists at the lab that has an interest in the area, and make use of some of the incredible facilities that we have at the lab. So it is a little different from the transfer stuff out of the lab, but rather to create a conversation that we hope will be productive.    I happened to be out for a meeting at Lawrence Berkeley here not too long back, and I had breakfast with a bunch of the young folks who were working on this scheme. And they were uniformly enthusiastic about both the scientific opportunity, but the chance to put some interesting questions in front of the scientists at the lab, who, of course, got interested in what they are doing, and so a good interchange all the way around.    I know that the other lab directors are looking over the fence to see where something like that might work at their labs as well, and that is a conversation we are trying to encourage as part of our broader discussions with the Office of Technology Transition.    So experiment in progress, conversation underway, and I think you will see more of that going forward.    Dr. Orr. I think that is what I get paid for.    Dr. Orr. I do that, too.    Dr. Orr. Thank you.