    Dr. Romine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss NIST's role in voting systems.    Improving voting systems requires an interdisciplinary, collaborative approach that must be accurate and reliable, yet cost-effective, secure, and usable and accessible to all voters. The design and standards must consider the diversity of voting processes and ballots across the States, and none of these can be considered in a vacuum.    NIST expertise in testing, certification, information security, trusted networks, software quality, and usability and accessibility provides the foundation for our voting systems work, but our experience working in multi-stakeholder processes is critical. We must bring together election officials, industry, technical experts, and advocacy groups to address this challenge.    The NIST role is limited to the research to develop standards, tests, guidelines, best practices, and assistance with laboratory accreditation that the Election Assistance Commission, or EAC, and state and local jurisdictions may use at their discretion.    Since the signing of the Help America Vote Act, or HAVA, NIST has partnered with the EAC to develop the science, tools, and standards necessary to improve the accuracy, reliability, usability, accessibility, and security of voting systems. Our joint accomplishments include new voting system guidelines; guidelines in support of Military and Overseas Voters Empowerment Act, or MOVE; and the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act, or UOCAVA; the establishment of accredited testing laboratories for voting system equipment and a testing and certification program upon which many States depend.    The Technical Guidelines Development Committee, or TGDC, a federal advisory committee to the EAC chaired by NIST, assists in the development of the voluntary voting system guidelines. In 2015, the EAC approved the TGDC's latest recommendations, Voluntary Voting System Guidance, or VVSG 1.1, with new requirements for human factors, audit and election logging, and new security requirements on access control, physical security, auditing, cryptography, software quality, and software integrity.    To support overseas and military voters, including the use of the Internet to cast absentee ballots, NIST research concluded that widely deployed security technologies and procedures could mitigate many of the risks associated with electronic blank ballot delivery but the risks associated with casting doubts over the Internet were more serious and challenging to overcome.    Based on that research, NIST documented security best practices and considerations for election officials on the use of electronic mail or the Web to expedite transmission of voter registration materials and blank ballots. In early 2011, NIST analyzed current and emerging technologies that may mitigate risk to Internet voting.    We also identified several areas where research and technological improvements are needed to ensure the security, usability, and accessibility of Internet voting. Many of these challenges are not unique to Internet voting such as strong identity management, protection against malware, and the resiliency of Internet-connected systems. The unique challenges of Internet voting are the requirements and expectations, notably ensuring the integrity of the voting process while protecting privacy.    NIST and the EAC have recently organized public working groups that provide an open and transparent development process and give the EAC and state election officials the opportunity to work directly with academic, industry, and Federal Government experts. The working groups help inform NIST, the EAC, and the TGDC in updating the VVSG.    There are three election working groups--pre-election, election, and postelection--that are providing insight on election processes. These groups are supported by four technical groups--cybersecurity, human factors, interoperability, and testing. The election working groups take input from the technical groups to inform requirements development for consideration by the TGDC.    Ensuring that voting systems are secure and auditable is critical to providing trust and confidence in the voting process. The cybersecurity technical working group is developing guidelines and best practices to secure voting systems. The group is focused on election security best practices, including physical security, auditing, and contingency planning.    To provide a firm foundation for next-generation security guidelines, NIST is researching threats and vulnerabilities to voting systems and the best practices and technologies that can mitigate those risks. As part of that research, NIST has catalogued published vulnerabilities and weaknesses in voting system software. The goal is to understand the types of vulnerabilities by looking at historical evidence and creating a voter-specific list of vulnerabilities and mapping these with weaknesses to requirements in the VVSG. This work has identified issues that should be addressed in future security requirements and test methods and by voting system manufacturers.    NIST is committed to continue collaborating with the EAC and others to fulfill our role defined in HAVA, MOVE, and UOCAVA. We leverage our research, which is applicable to a wide variety of organizations and used by industry and governments throughout the world. Active collaboration between the public and private sectors is the only way to effectively meet this challenge, leveraging each participant's roles and responsibilities.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today on NIST's work in voting systems, and I would be happy to answer any questions you may have.    Dr. Romine. It's a little hard for me to answer that question principally because it involves intent of malefactors, and I don't really have any background to be able to determine the level of intent.    Dr. Romine. It's not unreasonable to imagine attempts. In fact, as others have testified, there have been a couple of attempts to hack into voter registration systems currently. I think most CIOs at most organizations will tell you that there's a sort of constant current of probing of their IT systems. And so with respect to voter registration, I would say the possibility that an attempt could be made is not out of the question.    With respect to the voter--the----    Dr. Romine. It's still difficult for me to answer that question, but I would say I would put it somewhere in between. I can't say that it's likely but I can't rule it out either.    Dr. Romine. Congresswoman Johnson, from my perspective my entire orientation or the orientation of my organization is looking at the cybersecurity risks and threats, and so all of the other things that you've talked about are really sort of outside of our purview with perhaps one exception, which is that contingency planning that the States and other jurisdictions and the local jurisdictions are encouraged to do under the voluntary voting system guidelines can also protect again these other kinds of natural disasters and other kinds of things that you referenced.    Dr. Romine. I'd like to take a slightly different tack. We've actually worked with the Election Systems Commission on accessibility issues and usability issues with regard to voting systems so that people who have physical disabilities, whether it's vision impairment or mobility impairment or other things, do have access to voting systems that they can also use. And one of the advantages of electronic voting systems, as they're being rolled out, is that we can improve the accessibility over paper and pencil, for example.    Dr. Romine. I think the legislation has improved our focus on security issues associated with the voting system. My organization has been working in partnership with the Election Assistance Commission under HAVA for 14 years to provide the best guidance possible to States and municipalities.    Dr. Romine. I think your question involved the whole lifecycle now from registration all the way through guidelines for the voting systems. The voluntary voting system guidelines that we work in collaboration with the EAC on involve the voting systems themselves, but I think we have a decades-long history of security as a management of risk exercise, and I think the States have taken that very seriously. Our interaction with the EAC and with election officials in the States suggests that they are managing risk to the voting systems and to the registration systems in a way that incorporates the best practices that NIST has been promoting for a number of years.    Dr. Romine. Romine.    Dr. Romine. Well, that's a policy decision that's way above my pay grade so I don't have any input that I can provide you for that.    Dr. Romine. I can't speak to that. I know that NIST provided a significant benefit in partnership with the private sector on the development of a cybersecurity framework for improving the cybersecurity of critical infrastructures that has received a lot of attention and a lot of accolades. But that's not limited to critical infrastructures. Any organization of any size in any sector is free to adopt that framework.    Dr. Romine. Absolutely. We're partnering with DHS and with the Department of Justice on trying to understand how we can ensure widest dissemination of best practices to the States and municipalities. And as was mentioned earlier, request to DHS for assistance is not predicated solely on whether you are designated as a critical infrastructure. That request can be made without that designation.    Dr. Romine. My understanding is it includes request for DHS to do scanning of systems, for example, but only upon request.    Dr. Romine. It would be----    Dr. Romine. So the Presidential Commission on Cyber Security has not yet reached the stage of finalizing the recommendations, so those are not being incorporated in these guidelines. And I would put it sort of in the reverse in the sense that the commissioners are actually taking a look at best practices out in the field and discussions with the IT industry and with stakeholders around the country to try to develop the best possible recommendations for the benefit of this Administration and the next.    Dr. Romine. That is correct.    Dr. Romine. Romine.    Dr. Romine. There are both. I don't have the details today on exactly the measurement of those improvements. I'd be happy to provide those to you. I think the issue, to a large extent, has been listening to the accessibility community. The human factors research that we've been able to do demonstrates certain kinds of changes that can be made to improve the accessibility and the usability of electronic voting systems, and we've documented those in various reports. I can give you pointers to those reports for the way in which those systems have been improved.    Dr. Romine. I have no information on that other than what's in the press.    Dr. Romine. So let me clarify by saying NIST doesn't do certifications of systems. We do provide support through the development of guidelines in partnership with the EAC, and we also provide assistance to the EAC in the voluntary laboratory accreditation program the testing laboratories that do test equipment for certain--some States who choose to do that.    Obviously, the--you know, the truism you can do more with more, but we believe that the current budget that we're receiving is adequate for us to continue to provide expert advice in security and interoperability for voting systems.    Dr. Romine. Part of the voluntary voting system guidelines that we worked with in the EAC was a strong recommendation that there be an auditability or audit capability, and certainly paper records provide a really robust way to do that, but it doesn't mandate specifically paper records.    Dr. Romine. The voluntary voting systems guidelines are principally for the voting systems themselves. However, we do have other guidance that my organization has developed over the years to protect information systems broadly, and this would fall under that category. And I think, yes, separation there is a legitimate way of trying to prevent certain kinds of interactions.    Dr. Romine. What's actually happening in the States is something that I'm not privy to.    Dr. Romine. I think we will be considering that with regard to our partnership with the EAC to provide guidance to the States and municipalities for protecting voting systems with a broader remit perhaps as one way to look at it. The guidelines that we have in place for IT systems have been developed over a number of years and involve integrity checks, identity management issues, and other things that can protect information and information systems. And so the cybersecurity framework that I alluded to earlier helps to--helps organizations to craft a way to manage risk in this space.    Dr. Romine. I think there's only five States that are completely without paper. There are some States in the middle that have a mix, depending on the county, of paper and on paper systems.    Dr. Romine. I don't have insight into the systems that are being used State by State.    Dr. Romine. I don't have the data.