    Mr. Casamassa. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Lowenthal, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to present the views of the U.S. Department of Agriculture regarding H.R. 3881, the Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2015.    H.R. 3881 would repeal subsection (o) of section 17 of the Mineral Leasing Act, and Section 2508 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. These provisions apply only to Federal lands within the Allegheny National Forest, for which the United States does not own the subsurface rights to oil and gas. These provisions provide general terms and conditions that must be followed before commencing surface-disturbing activities to develop oil and gas deposits.    The USDA believes the terms and conditions of the Mineral Leasing Act and the Energy Policy Act allow national forests to prudently manage surface resources, while ensuring the subsurface owners do not have unreasonable requirements to access their privately held mineral rights. We would like to continue to work with the sponsor to address issues of concern. However, we cannot support H.R. 3881.    This concludes my remarks. I would be happy to answer any questions. Thank you for the opportunity to testify.    Mr. Casamassa. Congressman, I don't necessarily have those figures to determine the total cost associated with the litigation.    Mr. Casamassa. Well, I certainly think, depending on where you are, there could be----    Mr. Casamassa. I mean activity----    Mr. Casamassa. Yes.    Mr. Casamassa. Well, Congressman, the Forest Service has no intention to move forward with anything like that in our regulatory agenda, when it comes to codifying or proposing any rules.    Mr. Casamassa. We presently manage the subsurface rights of individuals and companies on the Allegheny as it relates to the court ruling, the existing policy, and the 1992----    Mr. Casamassa. That is how we----    Mr. Casamassa. Presently, that is how we are managing the subsurface activity on the Allegheny.    Mr. Casamassa. Well, again, I go back to, based on the existing framework of the court ruling, our policy, as well as the 1992 Energy Policy Act, that is the frame by which we are managing the subsurface----    Mr. Casamassa. Certainly, presently in the regulatory framework that we work right now, if there is the potential for some kind of regulation or proposed regulation, those go out for public comment and notification. All of that, the content of those comments, are then brought back to the agency. We then distill that down to the significant points, maybe take a look at that, and then actually frame out a final regulation.    It is done in a very transparent way right now, and----    Mr. Casamassa. Congressman, that is the question that the Congressman from Pennsylvania had asked me, Congressman Thompson. At this juncture, I don't have those figures, but I would certainly be willing to go back and roll that up and provide it to the Subcommittee Chair.