    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Commissioner, let me begin by joining in with my colleague on the other side of the aisle in thanking you and your staff for being of great assistance to my constituents in Los Angeles. I have had several members of the community that have had some difficult situations, and your staff has been very responsive.    Ms. Bass. I know when you took over the IRS, one of the reasons why you were asked to fulfill this assignment is because of your history of addressing organizations that were having big challenges. And I wanted to know if you could describe what specific challenges the IRS faced at the time you took over the organization.    Ms. Bass. So----    Ms. Bass. Go ahead.    Ms. Bass. So with all of those challenges, it is my understanding that the IRS has spent about $20 million and devoted over 160 hours--160,000 hours--to collect, review, and produce over 1.3 million pages of documents to Congress. With all of that effort, all of that time, and all of those pages, were these primarily related to the 501(c)(3), (4) issue?    Ms. Bass. And are those numbers accurate?    Ms. Bass. Are those numbers accurate in terms of the amount of money, time, and pages?    Ms. Bass. So how did all of that time and money assist the IRS in addressing the number of challenges that you laid out?    Ms. Bass. You know, when the whole controversy was taking place, I found it interesting, the concern over conservative organizations, because I am very familiar with a number of liberal organizations that felt they received extra scrutiny beyond what was appropriate by the IRS.    One of the root problems here in general is the time it takes for the agency to process applications for tax-exempt status. And I know in recent years, especially after Citizens United, the agency was overwhelmed by applications for (c)(3) and (c)(4) status.    I wanted to know how you have addressed this problem and is there currently a backlog?    Ms. Bass. And are you still getting a flood of applications, and can you give an example of how things were streamlined?    Ms. Bass. Thank you. My time is up.