    Mr. Butler. Chairman Hunter, Ranking Member Garamendi, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the invitation to testify today. I would ask that my full statement be included in the record.    The World Shipping Council represents the liner shipping industry, and our members operate about 90 percent of global container ship capacity. Today I would like to address an amendment to the Safety of Life at Sea, or SOLAS, convention, that becomes effective on July 1 of this year. You have heard a bit about this already today.    That SOLAS amendment addresses a very serious safety problem that has affected the container shipping industry for many years. That safety problem is the fact that in far too many cases the packed container weight provided to the carrier by the shipper is inaccurate.    In response to this problem of misdeclared container weights, industry and Governments began a discussion at the International Maritime Organization about how to fix the problem. That discussion at the IMO began in earnest in 2010, and continued over the next 4 years. Governments, shippers, labor, insurance providers, terminal operators, and carriers all participated. The United States Government, through the U.S. Coast Guard, actively participated in that process.    In 2014 the IMO member countries unanimously adopted a revised regulation under SOLAS that requires the shipper to provide an accurate gross weight for each packed container before that container can be loaded on to a ship for international transportation. The regulation provides two methods that the shipper can use to establish an accurate weight. Under method one the container is weighed after it is packed. Under method two the shipper weighs the cargo and the packing material and then adds that weight to the empty or tare weight of the container. And the tare weight of the container is conspicuously painted on the door of every container.    The amended SOLAS regulation requires two things that the existing SOLAS regulation does not. First, the amended regulation explicitly requires that the loaded container must be weighed. Estimating weights is no longer allowed. Second, the amended regulation now explicitly states that the carrier and the marine terminal operator may not load a packed container unless the shipper has provided a verified weight. Without a verified weight, the carrier and the marine terminal cannot put the container on the ship.    Compliance date is 2\1/2\ months away. A tremendous amount of work has been done around the world to make sure that the new regulation can be implemented smoothly. Carriers, shippers, and terminal operators are in the process of adjusting their procedures and their communication channels in order to be able to share the verified gross weight information that needs to be provided before the container goes on the ship.    Although companies worldwide are preparing for compliance and making very good progress, there is disagreement from a group of U.S. exporters that you will hear from today. I address that situation in length in my written testimony. But to summarize, there are some shippers that would prefer to provide only part of the required weight information, and to have the carrier then provide the other part.    The problem with that approach is that it will not work with the information technology solutions the carriers have built to implement the SOLAS amendment. Those IT systems are designed to receive and process a complete verified gross mass number, a number that includes both the content of the container and the container weight itself. That is what the regulation says. And because that is what the regulation says, that is the way carriers have built their systems.    So, if shippers only provide the cargo weight, as a few wish to do, that would trigger a manual data handling process by the carriers. Such a manual process would not be able to efficiently handle the documentation flow. And that scenario, if it comes to pass, could lead to disruptions in cargo flow, and that is something everybody wants to avoid.    Obtaining and using accurate weights to stow ships is a shared safety responsibility of carriers, shippers, and terminal operators. The amended SOLAS regulation spells out what each party in the chain needs to do. Those tasks are reasonable and necessary. And if everyone does their part, the system will work and will make international shipping safer and more efficient for everyone. I hope that we can use the time that we have now--between now and July 1 to work together toward that goal. Thank you.    Mr. Butler. Mr. Garamendi, let me address a couple of things in order, if I may.    First of all, Ms. Lemm started by saying that this was a regulation that was announced by the World Shipping Council. We are a trade association. This regulation was adopted by the International Maritime Organization with the participation of all the Governments of that organization, including the United States. So it is the law. So we have to follow it. We need cooperation from our customers so that we can all be in compliance.    Secondly, on this issue of tare weight, on the legal issue I do address that in my written testimony. We think this is a nonissue. I have said it in public, many of our members have said it in public. No one is going to hold a shipper liable for any inaccuracy of the tare weight of the container. It is our equipment. We put that number there, and if there is a problem associated with it, that is for us.    The other thing I would say about the method number two, where the tare weight----    Mr. Butler. And they are welcome to, yes.    Mr. Butler. The other thing I would just mention about the tare weight, it only comes up in this method number two, where you put the two pieces together, you don't weigh the whole container. That was put in at the request of shippers. It wasn't this set of shippers, but it was a shippers group at the IMO that asked for that additional way of complying with the regulation. So it was an accommodation. You don't have to use it.    Mr. Butler. Mr. Chairman, the U.S. Coast Guard--excuse me--is the sole U.S. agency with that authority.    Mr. Butler. I don't want to speak--pardon me--I don't want to----    Mr. Butler. Correct. What they----    Mr. Butler. What they have said is that there are many different ways to do this. And, frankly, the discussion that has been going on back and forth between the carriers and the shippers, it is not really so much about, you know, what is legally required. It is about how do we do this in a way that we can keep commerce moving.    And there are certain ways of doing this, if we have a uniform process, that is going to make it--particularly with a deadline coming up July 1, it is going to make it a lot more likely that we have a smooth process if we all do it the same way. If everybody comes in and wants----    Mr. Butler. It is a bit of a mix. Today carriers use various sources of weights in order to stow the ship. Sometimes they use the weight from the shipper, sometimes experience says that the weight from the shipper is, unfortunately, inaccurate and they have to disregard that. In that case they may use the in-gate weight when a truck comes across through the gate into the port.    In some cases, frankly, carriers have--excuse me--default weights for certain commodities. They know essentially what it is going to weigh, and they will use that. But too many times--and there is--I have talked to lots of our carriers, they are involved in this. And over the years, far too many times the weights are simply inaccurate.    Mr. Butler. Well, containers--sure, there are standard sizes, but they differ--any given run of manufacturing of containers there is going to be some differences between the container weights. They will fall within a range.    Mr. Butler. Generally, yes.    Mr. Butler. The Coast Guard hasn't announced a numeric variance.    Mr. Butler. There is not an international standard. The U.K., for example----    Mr. Butler. Five percent came from the United Kingdom.    Mr. Butler. And that is being discussed in Europe, it is being discussed in other places. And that is an enforcement variance----    Mr. Butler. Everybody's deadline is the same, July----    Mr. Butler. July 1----    Mr. Butler. The cargo----    Mr. Butler. Well, Mr. Chairman, I don't think it is an issue for Congress.    Mr. Butler. I think this--because I was invited to come.    Mr. Butler. It is not what we are asking for, sir, it is what is in the regulation.    Mr. Butler. And the question----    Mr. Butler. It depends on what the shipper is doing today. If the shipper today is weighing the cargo and providing us a full weight of the loaded container, then they are already in compliance.    Mr. Butler. Right? Ms. Lemm has talked about the added cost of weighing things. Well, if you are not weighing things today, how do you know how much it weighs?    Mr. Butler. Right, which----    Mr. Butler. Which takes us back to this method two, which we discussed a little bit while you were outside of the room. And the concern that has been raised there by shippers--a small number of shippers, but some shippers--is legal liability, or taking the weight that is painted on the door of the container, and adding that to the contents. And what I said at that time is we have been very clear. The carriers aren't looking to hold shippers liable for a weight that we wrote on the door of the container. That is on us.    But it was put in the regulation as an accommodation to shippers so that they could use method number two and not have to go find a scale to weigh----    Mr. Butler. Tare weight.    Mr. Butler. Correct.    Mr. Butler. I think actually, Mr. Chairman, that is not correct. What I heard today from Admiral Thomas is there are lots of ways of complying with this regulation in terms of your processes and so forth.    But he did say that because of the amendments to the regulation there will be changes in business processes. And there will be. And carriers have spent millions of dollars around the world, reconfiguring their systems so that we can efficiently process this information in conformance with the regulation. And the hope is that, in setting up these new processes and getting more accurate weight, we will have safer vessels to carry the commerce of the world and also the United States, to your original point.    Mr. Butler. Well, a couple of things. The systems may be out there. The problem is we don't know. No systems--and the admiral spoke to this earlier--no systems have yet been type approved by the United States. What that means is nobody has yet come in with test data that shows dead all the time.    Mr. Butler. I think I can clear that up. I think he was talking about two things. One is how many systems today have been type approved by the U.S. Coast Guard. The answer is zero.    Mr. Butler. With respect to the test, you are correct, sir. He said we can tell when something is dead, we are not so sure we can tell when it is viable.    From a carrier standpoint operating globally, what we want to know is when we put a system on a ship--and these things are not cheap--when we put a system on a ship, we want it to work and be recognized every place in the world, and we want to know that we have investment certainty that if we spend that $1 million, $2 million per ship to do this, it is going to have some environmental benefit, and we can count on being in compliance.    Mr. Butler. Yes.    Mr. Butler. The final comment is that would provide certainty to everybody, and on this issue certainty would be most welcome.