    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Chairman Frelinghuysen and Ranking Member Visclosky. The honor is indeed all mine, sir. I appreciate the opportunity to testify here today about some of our national defense priorities very much.    I have the honor to represent Joint Base Lewis-McChord, which, as you know, is one of the largest military installations in America. It is in the vicinity of Interstate 5. In fact, it straddles it. This highway is the most heavily traveled north-south freight corridor in the entire State of Washington. It carries in excess of 145,000 vehicles every day.    Nearly 80 percent of the traffic to and from JBLM needs and relies on Interstate 5. Local travelers in neighboring cities have no other option except to use I-5 as its surface street. When incidents occur, it can take hours to recover. Backups of 6 miles or more beginning at 6 a.m. are, frankly, not rare. They are almost the norm.    This just isn't happening in my district. It is not singular to the 10th Congressional District of Washington State issue. Floridians are stuck on Florida State Route 85, and we all know that people here on the beltway are stuck on Interstate 95, 395, 495. And the almost daily question has become, ``What is the holdup?''    The truth is military installations are still adapting to base realignment and short-term growth caused by troops passing through before being deployed. Installation growth has had a significant effect on regional transportation, particularly when an installation is located in or near an urban area. Even acknowledging the potential for drawdowns on military bases, those reductions would not nearly come close to alleviating the problem.    Surrounding roads--and this is key--play an important role in preserving military readiness. Our Armed Forces need to instantly deploy, and we need functional roads in order for that to happen. If military personnel are caught in a jam, efficiency goes out the door. And the domino effect of delays due to congestion literally impairs our national security.    This leaves not only military activities on bases stranded, but also commerce and the community stranded as well. When we don't have reliable roadways, economic activity comes to a screeching halt, literally and figuratively. Goods can't move. Companies lose money. The cascading inaction affects productivity and balance sheets, and it puts strains on business and workers alike.    To be clear, the military is not to blame for this. In fact, based on the direction of this committee, they have done a lot to help mitigate the problem. They know the opportunity costs involved when their soldiers and civilian workers are stuck in traffic and can't be where they need to be. Bases have come up with innovative approaches to ease the pain. But the problem remains severe and unavoidable without more investment. It is a bandaid over a wound that needs stitches.    Let's heal this mess by upgrading the transportation infrastructure around these bases as a part of the fiscal year 2016 defense appropriations bill. And in that regard, sir, I respectfully request that the 2016 bill provide $25 million in appropriated funds for transportation infrastructure improvements associated with congestion mitigation in urban areas related to the 2005 BRAC recommendations.    As you may recall, there is precedent. The defense appropriations bill for 2011 appropriated $300 million just for these purposes, and those funds were expended through the Office of Economic Adjustment.    Mr. Chairman, while I have been sitting here with you this morning talking, people that were in gridlock when I began probably haven't budged an inch. They are already late for work or their assignment on base. They might still be in gridlock even when this hearing ends.    Every one of us is all too familiar with the feeling, the horrible feeling of approaching an unexpected slow crawl. I know that feeling very well as I approach Joint Base Lewis-McChord. We can do better and we can do more.    Finally, I would just like to thank this committee. I was here almost exactly a year ago, and I asked for your help to finish school construction on bases where they were dilapidated. Within a few months, we will strike ground, break ground on Joint Base Lewis-McChord to build a new elementary school that serves predominantly special needs students. You did that. On behalf of my community and the parents of those children, I thank you very much.    And with equal fervor, I urge you to favorably consider the request I brought for you today. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Heck. Thank you, sir. Joint Base Lewis-McChord, FYI, is the most requested posting in the entire armed services, even more so, I am told, than bases in places like Hawaii. I would invite you to come back. I would invite you both to come back out.