    Mr. Borer. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    AFGE's National VA Council represents more than 220,000 VA employees. We strongly oppose H.R. 1994 as currently drafted and urge lawmakers to reject these counterproductive measures in favor of AFGE recommendations, including expanded whistleblower protections that would truly hold VA managers accountable and protect our veterans.    Presented as accountability for SES and upper management, the greatest target in this extreme bill is the 350,000 nonmanagement employees of the VA, including service-connected disabled veterans who clean operating rooms, maintain VA cemeteries, and rate disability claims and their coworkers, who are PTSD therapists, surgeons, bedside nurses, and so on.    Stripping job protections from nonmanagement employees will increase the mismanagement in the form of retaliation, discrimination, patronage, and antiveteran animus. The result will be to chill disclosures, destroy employee morale, and undermine the retention of the VA's most experienced and valuable employees.    This bill proceeds from the false premise that it is too hard to remove a Federal employee under the current system. On the contrary, nothing in the current law prevents agencies from removing employees. Competent and responsible managers can and do remove poor performers and employees who engage in misconduct, and they do not unfairly target good employees. And, for the record, Federal employees stop getting paid as soon as they are terminated.    Under section 2, all VA employees, including even GS-4 housekeepers or cemetery caretakers, would lose fundamental rights to notice and to be heard, including 30-days advance notice of an adverse action, 7 days for an employee to respond, an employee representative, a written decision, and an opportunity to appeal.    These provisions would turn the clock back for employment rights over 100 years. It is worse than traditional at-will employment, and, if enacted, it will make the VA an even less competitive employer.    Unlike private-sector employees, Federal workers cannot bring most contract or tort claims to the courts, so the administrative due process eliminated by section 2 is often VA workers' only real protection. The requirement in H.R. 1994 to get the approval of the Office of Special Counsel will not protect whistleblowers. This proposal ignores the practical realities that not all individuals will file corrective actions, and OSC is not well-suited to essentially pre-approve the removal of every would-be whistleblower.    Employees facing discrimination and other prohibited personnel practices would be forced into filing OSC complaints in order to shield themselves from their new at-will status. This helps neither veterans nor whistleblowers, but it will precipitate a flood of OSC complaints that will paralyze the OSC and obscure the most valid cases of whistleblower retaliation.    Section 3 of the bill would extend the 1-year probationary period to 18 months or longer and gives the Secretary discretion to extend it even further. Probationary employees can be fired very easily under current law. Recently hired veterans working for VA managers who failed to train them know this all too well. OSC and MSPB already struggle to protect probationary employees from unjustified adverse actions because the burden of proof on the employer is extremely low. Extending the probationary period makes this even worse, and it will erode the chances a whistleblower with a legitimate concern will come forward.    Regarding section 4, we do not oppose a responsible study of official time, but such a study should be based on objective criteria, such as those used by the GAO and the OPM. The use of official time in the VA benefits taxpayers and veterans and Federal employees because it reduces costly employee turnover, it improves service, it creates a safer workplace, and it leads to quicker implementation of agency initiatives. Official time gives workers a voice to resolve disputes efficiently, protect whistleblowers from retaliation, and implement new technology and other innovations in collaboration with management.    If H.R. 1994 is not amended to strike provisions that reduce due process, lengthen probationary periods, and attack union official time, the AFGE will vigorously oppose the bill. Instead, Mr. Chairman, we strongly urge you to demonstrate our shared commitment to veterans through positive reform. My written testimony lists our reform proposals, and I will be happy to discuss those.    Thank you again for allowing me to testify.    Mr. Borer. Well, we are all for accountability, Mr. Chairman, and our concern with this bill is that it doesn't actually improve accountability. Accountability to us means it is not mutually exclusive with the idea of due process, so that removing due process rights doesn't mean that managers are going to be held more accountable. We think the opposite is true. We think the unintended consequence here is if you reduce the rights of the frontline employees, fewer of them are going to speak up and hold their coworkers or their bosses accountable.    We talked to whistleblowers at AFGE. We have dealt with, I believe, four dozen who have been threatened with retaliation since the wait list scandal has started. The very first thing they ask is: Can I get fired if I speak up? They don't ask: Is there a streamlined process for firing me if I get in trouble here?    Due process is a fundamental piece of that picture, and if you pull out that fundamental piece you are going to get less whistleblowing and less accountability.    Mr. Borer. Yes. AFGE represents thousands, probably, of doctors.    Mr. Borer. Sure. And we share that commitment. We have, again, 100,000 members in the VA who are there, as someone said earlier, primarily because they believe in serving our veterans.    In the doctor's situation, she has a bona fide religious belief that interferes with that particular duty, that is an EEO matter. And so, as you said, maybe somebody else could do that exam, I would think. There are certainly other doctors available. I would think that is more of a management problem where they have to have the right people doing the right exams.    Mr. Borer. Well, as I said, whistleblowers that come to us, the very first question they ask is: Am I going to get in trouble if I stand up and tell what I know? And so when you start subtracting their due process rights and you go to a system that essentially makes them at-will employees, our advice is going to change. We are going to have to begin to tell them: No, you really don't have much protection anymore if this bill passes. And I can guarantee you that whistleblowers will then stand up and leave my office and never mention it again to anybody because they will be afraid to lose their job. So it is really that simple.    And as I said before, it is not that it is impossible to fire Federal employee. I believe the VA fired 2,000 people in 2014. It is just a matter of doing the paperwork. I think managers, if you surveyed the managers, they don't like doing reports either, but they do reports. You just have to go through a process, and it can be done.    Mr. Borer. That is a concern that we have. And the culture at the VA until now, in years past, has been anybody that sticks their hand up, we chop it off. And so we have seen a lot of whistleblowers retaliated against. And that was part of the management culture at the VA.    I have to say, we have met with the Secretary repeatedly about this. We get very good signals from the Secretary, but it is a huge organization, as you know. It does have to start at the top, but there is great difficulty in pushing cultural change down through an organization this size.    We have partnered with the Secretary on this. We are working very hard to make that happen. But that great middle management inside the VA is what we need to push in a new direction, and that is going to take some time.