    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I also would like to extend my thanks to the witnesses for being here this morning.    Ms. Kendall, as I listen to the testimony and the questions, it reminds me how important it is to have transparency in our government and how important your job is as an Inspector General in shining light on some of these issues. It appears that you have quite a bit of job security with the way some of these agencies have been operating.    My specific questions have to do with the OIG's investigation of the Henderson, Nevada land sale. That is the OIG's investigation into Bob Abbey, the former Director of the Bureau of Land Management.    Who requested that the OIG investigate Mr. Abbey?    Mr. Westerman. OK. And also I believe this committee.    Mr. Westerman. And what did the OIG investigation ultimately find?    Mr. Westerman. What specific actions did Mr. Abbey take?    Mr. Westerman. So was he recused from his prior business dealings before this time?    Mr. Westerman. Did he abide by the ethics pledge he took and the recusal agreements he signed?    Mr. Westerman. OK. Are Mr. Abbey and his business partner, Mr. Ford, continuing to do business with BLM? Is that appropriate given the allegations your office has substantiated?    Mr. Westerman. But right now they are still doing business?    Mr. Westerman. OK. So the Abbey investigation also concluded that a realty specialist in the Nevada State Office provided non-public information to Mr. Ford during the pre-sale process. Did she violate any Federal regulations by doing so?    Mr. Westerman. Do you recall how many regulations she violated?    Mr. Westerman. Kind of like a government form of insider trading maybe?    Mr. Westerman. So, what penalties apply when a Federal employee violates those regulations?    Mr. Westerman. And finally, on this issue, has the Department of the Interior taken any action to hold the realty specialist accountable?    Mr. Westerman. So, they intend to but they have not--and how long ago?    Mr. Westerman. OK. And, Mr. Chairman, will we have a second round of questions?    Mr. Westerman. I will yield back at this time.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Kendall, I want to come back to another investigation. This one is based on an audit released dated June 16, and it was a USGS laboratory. Your audit looked at scientific misconduct and data manipulation at the Energy Geochemistry Laboratory's Inorganic Section in Lakewood, Colorado. The problems were so severe, in fact, that the USGS has already closed the inorganic lab in question permanently; is that correct?    Mr. Westerman. Your report states that there have been two periods in which mass spectrometer operators in the lab's Inorganic Section have violated established laboratory practices without detection for many years. The first began in 1996 and continued to be undiscovered until 2008. A second began in 2008 and continued undiscovered until late 2014.    So, there have been problems at this lab from 1996 until 2014, for a couple of decades; is that correct?    Mr. Westerman. You also state in your audit that a review revealed that the full extent of the impacts are not yet known, but nevertheless, they will be serious and far ranging.    I am just astonished with this. According to your report, the affected projects represented about $108 million in taxpayer funding from Fiscal Year 2008 through 2014; is that correct?    Mr. Westerman. And, is it correct that samples were used to generate some of the analytical results that were then manipulated, were not retained, and that the analyst kept poor records for a substantial portion of his work and consequently the work cannot be reproduced?    Mr. Westerman. So, USGS officials have stated that lab conditions, in particular heat, have virtually affected their analysis, and that these adverse conditions stretch back to the period of 1996 to 2008, during which there were also significant problems with the lab work.    But in 2011, USGS installed the new $175,000 machine in the lab. Do you have an explanation why USGS would put a new, expensive machine in this lab that had these problems that remained uncorrected?    Mr. Westerman. It defies logic.    During the course of an interview with one of your auditors dated November 16, 2015, one former USGS employee alleged that, apparently during the first period of problems at this lab, an employee of the lab would say, ``Tell me what you want and I will get it for you.''    Although it is not exactly clear from the interview record, he would also say, ``What we do is like magic.''    Given the lab's history and that problems had already been identified when this interview was being conducted, such a statement seems potentially significant. Your office explained that you don't know the context or veracity of this statement, and that this issue was not part of the audit so it was not pursued; is that correct?    Mr. Westerman. Do you know the status of the analyst involved and his supervisor?    Mr. Westerman. So, USGS has advised committee staff that, because scientists had already begun to distrust this lab so significantly, they began relying upon analysis from other labs, limiting the amount of work products that were comprised or ruined.    I guess, maybe, because I come from an engineering and a forestry background, a lot of the work that people do that is based on scientific research is so important. If the base research is flawed, then that affects work that goes out from there. We spent $108 million for this research and I am not even sure what the scientific research results were used in.    Do you have any idea what kind of different research papers or where this data was used?    Mr. Westerman. Do you know ultimately who used this and what decisions may have been made on this improper data?    Mr. Westerman. OK. I know I am going over a little bit, but it is just astounding that we would spend $108 million on manipulated research, and then the far-reaching effects that that would have. We know how research multiplies and affects different parts of our society and our economy, and we always hope that is going to be in a good way, but if you are working off of flawed data, it definitely could be in a bad way.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I regret we do not have more Members here, but at least we are getting some of this on the record.    Ms. Kendall, I would like to go back to the last topic we discussed on the USGS laboratory. I have a list here of some of the project names, and this is really disturbing when I see some of these project names and to know that data was manipulated.    One of them is uranium in the environment. My understanding is that a mass spectrometer looks at the different chemical and ionic makeups of substances so it can tell you what kind of heavy metals are there and what kind of chemicals are in the sample. Just looking down this list, geological CO<INF>2</INF> sequestration, health effects of energy resources, Alaska rural energy, geochemistry of solid fuels, U.S. coal resources and reserves assessment, produced waters, and the list goes on and on about very important scientific issues.    And to think that the data may have been manipulated in the base level in these mass spectrometer readings is, again, really disturbing. I believe there was a project on Everglades' toxics. Can you tell me some of the agencies or organizations that the lab was contracting with?    Who was requesting these studies?    Mr. Westerman. Yes, I would like to see that.    And do you know if it was all government agencies? Was it universities? Was it private companies?    Mr. Westerman. Do you know if any research papers had to be recalled when it was found out this data had been manipulated?    Mr. Westerman. What about dissertations that college students worked on?    Mr. Westerman. Do you know if there are any other investigations in the other USGS laboratories?    Mr. Westerman. So, you think this may have just been kind of a lone wolf that, for two decades, was generating bad data that was going into the research?    Mr. Westerman. OK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.