    Ms. Murphy. Good afternoon, Chairman Coffman and Ranking Member Kuster, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss the VA's billing and collection practices regarding our land-use agreements. As you mentioned, sir, I am here with Dr. Skye McDougall, who is the Network Director for VISN 22.    The Department of Veterans Affairs owns and leases real property in hundreds of communities across the United States and overseas. And currently, VA manages over 174 million square feet of space, approximately 151 million owned square feet, and 23 million leased square feet of building assets. A very large footprint indeed. Unlike many Federal agencies, VA owns 87 percent of its square footage, which means that real estate plays a very important role in our overall asset management strategy.    To manage these properties, the VA uses land-use authorities that allow VA to enter into various types of agreements for the use of its property in exchange for revenues or in-kind considerations. We at VHA value and appreciate the GAO's recent insights and findings into VA's land-use agreement procedures. We acknowledge the noted deficiencies and recognize that there are many needed improvements to the design, implementation, and oversight of the VA land-use program.    The GAO recently examined our land-use program, specifically our sharing agreements. They looked into three medical centers that Ranking Member Kuster mentioned and made recommendations for improvements at each site.    At VA medical centers in North Chicago and New York, new collaborative processes have been established to improve billing and collection procedures. The GAO also recommended that VHA develop a plan for West Los Angeles Medical Center that identifies steps to be taken, timelines and responsibilities in implementing segregation of duties over the billing and collection processes.    The VA greater Los Angeles asset management office and fiscal service recently collaborated with VISN 22 and the network contracting office to finalize the standard operating procedure for the West Los Angeles Medical Center's billing and collection process. This SOP clearly defines duties related to billing and collections for land-use agreements.    A follow-up audit of the SOP will be conducted by VISN 22 financial quality assurance management staff in April of this year.    In addition, VA is considering other system-wide improvements for land-use agreements. These include establishing a better set of administrative tools for the field to use in managing these complex agreements and processes. The VHA's chief financial officer will conduct recurring independent reviews of our billing and collection processes to ensure a better separation of duties.    And finally, we are developing a standardized implementation and monitoring tool for land-use agreements that will also include reviews of land-use agreements during our normal capital program reviews. We are updating our land-use handbook with feedback from the GAO, and also instituting mandatory training for those who manage land-use agreements. I also might add for leaders who have land-use agreements in their areas will also receive this training. These actions are an example of VHA's commitment to improving the management of our land-use agreements. We are making progress to solidify our policies and taking actions to implement the GAO's recommendations.    I am also pleased to share that Secretary McDonald and attorneys representing homeless veterans in Los Angeles announced an agreement that dedicates the West Los Angeles campus to better serve veterans. This agreement commits the Department to design a plan to help end homelessness among veterans in Los Angeles County. Under this agreement, Secretary McDonald will launch an accelerated process to develop a new long-term Master Plan. The Master Plan will prioritize the provision of bridge housing and permanent supportive housing. It will also describe an exit strategy for third-party land-use agreements that do not comply with the applicable laws and do not fit the Master Plan.    In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, VA has a complex and diverse real estate portfolio. We seek to leverage our portfolio optimally to provide quality care and services to our veterans. We will correct the deficiencies in our oversight and management of our land-use agreements. I thank you for the opportunity to discuss this issue. And at this time my colleague and I prepared to answer any questions you may have. Thank you.    Ms. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The Master Plan that is going to be developed will address those issues. And until that Master Plan is developed, we will not know what the disposition of all of those entities will be. Certainly the Master Plan will be consistent with having entities on the property that support services to homeless veterans. And all other entities that do not meet the criteria of support for veterans will be looked at critically as part of that process.    Ms. Murphy. I think, sir, in this instance, a very strong and well-thought-out Master Planning process could help us answer those questions.    Ms. Murphy. I would refer that question to my colleague, Dr. McDougall.    Ms. Murphy. Sir, I can't answer that question precisely, but again, that will be part of the process.    Ms. Murphy. The Master Plan is intended to be completed in October of this year.    Ms. Murphy. Yes, sir.    Ms. Murphy. January 19th.    Ms. Murphy. Yes.    Ms. Murphy. Thank you, sir. They should not have their separate plans. There is a directive and a handbook that governs land-use agreements. These are managed out of the office--out of central office, out of the office of--OCFM, Office of Facilities Management.    Ms. Murphy. You are correct, it was not.    Ms. Murphy. Thank you, sir. It depends upon the type of agreement, but there is a defined process for putting these agreements in place, it requires--for example, if the medical center director has the authority to move the agreement forward, that has to go through that person. Contracting actually is the only entity that has the authority to actually obligate the government to those agreements. Fiscal has a role. Fiscal has to set up the codes for receiving the revenue and creating the bills.    So there is actually a very well-defined process for putting these agreements in place if it is followed. The problem with West L.A. is it wasn't followed. So depending upon, as I said, the type of agreement, it could be at a facility level, it could be at a VISN level, it could be at a national level.    Ms. Murphy. I will take the first stab at it, sir. Absolutely, accountability is key and the leadership is responsible for ensuring that these agreements are properly put in place, are monitored, audited, and the revenues that they generate actually accrue to the government. So there are several ongoing investigations, and we expect there are findings that those folks will be held accountable.    Ms. Murphy. If I may refer that question to Dr. McDougall.    Ms. Murphy. Thank you, sir. I think one thing that will be different is that Secretary McDonald has made a very public commitment to Members of Congress, to the public, to the veterans service organizations and to veterans to make it different this time, and to use that property for the purpose that it was intended. So I think we have a way forward and I think the way forward is different. And the approach and the support that we have this time I think is different, and I believe we will be successful.    Ms. Murphy. I cannot.    Ms. Murphy. If it is in current formation, I don't know, but we will see if as----    Ms. Murphy. I think if that is part of the Master Plan that is established, that is a possibility.    Ms. Murphy. Thank you, Ranking Member Kuster. Your first question was about the software. So we are working with the capital asset inventory, which is a software-based program, to make improvements to that. I actually had a chance to look at some of the improvements. I asked to see the software to see what kinds of things we were looking at and tracking. So some of the improvements provide greater controls, more standardization of nomenclature, business rules, alerts when an agreement is expiring and we do not have a new agreement in place or we haven't given an extension or reconsidered.    In the future we hope to be able to connect that software with the financial management system, so that if a payment does not come in, we are alerted that the payment didn't come in. So I think some really good enhancements to that software.    Then additionally, we used to update the system annually, that is going to go to quarterly now. So that there will be quarterly updates, another way of checking to see that things are current and that the system is working as it should.    The other--I think training is really important, and I took the training here recently. So I look to see what people are being trained on in terms of our land-use agreements. I think the training is actually quite good. I got it, I understood what we were trying to do with the land-use agreements. And so that training is going to be made available, certain members of our staff will be required to take it. I am going to also encourage that all leaders take the training as well. I think this is a very important issue and one that we obviously stumbled. So it is about leadership; leadership has to be accountable and responsible. So those are some of things that we are doing.    The other thing is the finance people in our system already we are able to--we have a check and balance system on the conflict so there is a system in place already where you can't have certain keys to pay bills, create bills, cut checks, et cetera. So our finance people are going to be looking very carefully at that to make sure we are not giving keys, inappropriate keys to staff to log in to do those kinds of transactions. That is separation of duties. We already can run reports to see who has those keys and maybe who shouldn't have those keys, so much more attention to those kind of controls, that is really what we need to do.    Ms. Murphy. The land-use authorities are good authorities. But it is our responsibility to make sure that we are using them properly and the oversight is there.    Ms. Murphy. I am sorry, ma'am. I am not clear what fee money you are referring to?    Ms. Murphy. I don't have that information. But we can get that for you. I am guessing some revenue account that tickets and fines are paid to.    Ms. Murphy. We can try to find out, yes.    Ms. Murphy. I would presume we would in its essence, yes. I think our master planning process will lead us to where we want to go with that.    Ms. Murphy. I have not heard of that proposition, no.    Ms. Murphy. Thank you, sir. Specifically with the software development or----    Ms. Murphy. Right. I can't answer specifically. But we certainly can get that information for you.    Ms. Murphy. I don't actually have an opinion. You know, we will take all the help we can get.    Ms. Murphy. Right. I would just add that as part of the master planning process, my understanding is that there will be a consultant that will be helping us with that.    Ms. Murphy. I can't answer your question. But perhaps Dr. McDougall can.    Ms. Murphy. Thank you, sir.    I am not certain which company you are referring to. Perhaps Dr. McDougall has more information.