    Ms. BLACK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I----    Ms. BLACK . Want to congratulate you for being the Chairman of this Committee. I know you well enough to know that you're going to study all of these issues and know them inside and out. So you're going to make a great Chairman of this Committee. And the reason why you don't see Congressman McDermott is we have him tied up in the chair there in the budget hearing.    That budget hearing is going to go all day long, but I did want to sneak away for just a little bit because this is an area that is near and dear to my heart, being a nurse for over 40 years, and having been in the system and seeing the pendulum that swings from side to side and I'm not sure where I could say the pendulum is right at this point in time, but there is one particular issue that I, as a nurse, think has a great value and I wanted to ask all of your opinions on that. And that is value-based insurance design.    I am honored to have my colleague, Mr. Blumenauer, as my cosponsor on this, and we actually have a bill that would put a pilot project in on the Medicare Advantage side for those chronic conditions, and in using the value-based insurance design is looking at those services that have a high value to them and incentivizing people to use that valued service.    So for those who are listening and wonder what in the world that means, Dr. Fendrick, who is out of University of Michigan was the one who originally brought me this idea, and I just tagged onto it right away.    But to give an example, if someone is diabetic and one of the highly-valued services for them would be their insulin and giving them either a low-cost or a no-cost for that particular service would incentivize them to use that service and, therefore, save dollars down the line with the kind of complications that would occur if they were not taking their medication. This is not about saving dollars, although that is something we want to obviously do because there are a limited number of dollars. This is about quality care.    And so I would like the panelists, starting with you, Ms. Baicker, to let me know what you think about this and whether you believe this is a direction we should be heading not only for the solvency, but also for quality of care.    Ms. BLACK. Does anyone else have a comment on that? Mr. Guterman.    Ms. BLACK. Well, I know that the CMS is looking at this, and they're actually looking forward enough to say that that's something they may initiate themselves and have a little bit of a pilot project there.    But, Mr. Chairman, I believe that even though they're moving in that direction, a little push from us in actually bringing that bill up and getting a vote on it would certainly move this forward a little bit faster. So thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your work.