    Mrs. Lowey. I too would like to thank my friend, Chairman Dent. Congratulations.    And unfortunately, Ranking Member Bishop, who has worked on these issues for a long time, I know he has worked with you, he couldn't be here today.    But this is a very important hearing, and I would like to welcome Secretary McDonald and your assistants and all of our distinguished guests this afternoon.    As the subcommittee reviews the fiscal year 2016 President's budget request, we have the tough mission and responsibility to ensure the funding of the Department of Veterans Affairs adequately addresses some very serious issues.    The number of current veterans and those transitioning into the V.A. health care system is staggering. We must ensure that we have the right programs and services these men and women deserve for their service to our nation. We made certain promises to our veterans. We are obligated to deliver.    In your short time, Mr. Secretary, your efforts have led to reductions in the claims backlog, accountability in your workforce and initiation of several new programs to meet the growing demand and concern of all veterans.    Specifically, I applaud the use of technology in the V.A. to further automate the claims submission and approval process, which I understand has reduced the overall wait time by 138 days for a decision.    And I just want to say, the chairman and I have been so frustrated. We have had four hearings. A couple of public hearings, a couple of closed door hearings. It is beyond me, frankly, that you can't get this done. And I know you are working towards that end. I won't put up pictures of all the old files that were kept in boxes. But it is such a disservice to the men and women who served our country with such distinction. Frankly, I still can't understand that the people who send our young men and women in harm's way, our government, can't get this done. But I am glad you are working on it, I am glad there is progress.    It is amazing to me, in the private sector, you leave a job, you take the chip, bring your health care information to the next employer, and we are still going through boxes. But thank you for the progress that has been made.    And I look forward to the day, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Big Chairman, when we can hear ``mission accomplished,'' and that it would be completed. Because we know there is so much more work to be done.    At last count, by the way, the claims backlog was still around 214,000. And then there are more claims that are continuously added into the system.    I hope you move this process forward expeditiously.    I am also very concerned about the amount of qualified medical personnel necessary to address the increasing number of veterans in serious issues like mental illness, post traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, and suicide prevention, especially in remote areas where there are limited or no V.A. facilities.    I know we are in a fiscally uncertain environment. The Budget Control Act remains. There may be some impact to certain services in programs where veterans are a top priority. And while there is cause to celebrate some successes, we can and must do better. We are committed to working with you going forward.    And I think it is important, Mr. Chairman, and I know the chairman is struggling with the numbers, and we don't know exactly the numbers that we are dealing with but I think it is important when the numbers are released and we get an analysis of what those numbers will do to the whole process.    So, Mr. Secretary, again, welcome. I, too, want to apologize, because we have about four hearings today. But I look forward to continuing to talk with you, working with you. And I just want to say in closing and expedite that process--I am glad to know that you have new facilities for records, but I still can't understand why it is taking so long.    Thank you very much for the progress you have made and thank you for your service.