    Mr. Swalwell. Thank you, Chair. I represent Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Sandia National Laboratory in Livermore, California, in the 15th District, and appreciate our witnesses here, and also Dr. Peters, what--the work you do at Argonne, is that correct?    My question is for Mr. Gilliland. And--in your testimony, you're pretty forceful on the potential power of fusion energy, and--for example, you write that the game changing nature of fusion energy bears repeating, energy production that is safe, clean, and abundant that would change the landscape of energy forever, and greatly enhance energy security.    At the two national laboratories I work--that I represent, they do a lot of work in fusion energy. For example, at Lawrence Livermore, they have the National Ignition Facility, the largest inertial fusion facility in the world, which is an amazing research tool, which has produced a wealth of information, but its primary goal right now is to assist in the maintenance of the nuclear weapon stockpile. However, we have long term hopes that it can be a sustainable energy source in the future.    So, keeping that in mind--and Representative Lofgren, who's on this Committee as well, she has worked with me on supporting fusion--but keeping that in mind, do you think, Mr. Gilliland, that the federal government is spending enough to support fusion energy research, and if not, do you have a dollar amount in mind as to how much more we should spend? And would it be helpful to have an actually dedicated funding source for research into all different types of fusion, including inertial, for energy applications?    Mr. Swalwell. Thank you. And also, with respect to, you know, Dr. Parmentola and Mr. Peters suggested that the federal government should develop a new nuclear reactor facility to test innovative reactor ideas, now, knowing that we have, you know, few Federal dollars allocated for this type of research, and it doesn't look like the trend is going up, it's actually going down, do you have a--if you had to prioritize between fusion and nuclear reactors, any thoughts on that?    Mr. Swalwell. Yeah.    Mr. Swalwell. Thank you. And, Mr. Chair, I yield back.