    Mr.  Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me, again, thank you, as I did yesterday, for the very proactive step you have taken toward dealing with the issue of insurance before it becomes caught up in a critical year where we are not going to have a lot of workdays. And I think it is appropriate for us to continue, as you have already begun, hearing issues that relate to flood insurance. We discussed yesterday, I think rather broadly, the NFIP, and we highlighted areas where there is room for improvement and discussed ways in which the NFIP could be reauthorized.    Today is our second hearing on flood insurance, and today we will be discussing the role of private insurance in the flood insurance market, which is a significant issue and a significant concern. And we dealt with it yesterday, but I think the key to this whole issue is whether or not the private sector is interested in and willing to become intimately involved in this program. We have attempted this over the years. The program was created in 1968 to provide flood coverage to consumers who were unable to get coverage from the very limited private market. The NFIP is responsible not only for providing flood insurance, but for developing flood maps and promoting mitigation activities.    One of the things that I think we all have come to see is that flooding can occur anywhere. I grew up in a flat part of Texas, the Dallas area on toward probably until you get to Palo Duro Canyon around Amarillo is just flat. And last summer, in this flatland, there was all kinds of flooding. And we do know that it can and does occur everywhere, and can have a devastating impact on our communities. But one of the things we have also learned is that when these major events occur, like Hurricane Katrina, it pretty much decimates any private participation and the government has had to do a lot of backstopping, both for Sandy and Katrina.    And then as we begin to discuss reauthorization of the program, I think we have to ensure products remain affordable and available. Our conversation must also focus on the importance of obtaining accuracy in our mapping, which is a really big issue in the rural part of the 5th District, which I represent in Missouri. And as mapping and risk technology has developed since the creation of the NFIP, the appetite for private insurers to re-enter the flood market has grown.    And so, I look forward to hearing our witnesses today discuss ways in which the private role in flood insurance could grow.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr.  Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Yesterday, I asked our witnesses if any of them believed that we needed to end the NFIP. And there were no hands raised. So I am interested in whether this panel sees it the same way. Do any of you believe that we need to eliminate the NFIP? Just raise your hand if you--    Mr.  Cleaver. But wouldn't the rates be higher for the consumers than they are right now for the NFIP?    Mr.  Cleaver. Mr. Kelley, do you agree? And also, do you think that we would actually have consumers who would pay the full risk rate in substantial enough numbers to make the program work?    Mr.  Cleaver. So a hybrid?    Mr.  Cleaver. So, Mr. Bradshaw, do you think if shifting exposure to the private sector is going to be just too much for them to bear--we have tried this before. So, we are talking about shifting more and more exposure to the private sector. Do you think that would run away private sector participation, or would they be jumping for joy?    Mr.  Cleaver. That is bad for my colleagues here. So use another--no. Inside. Go ahead.    Mr.  Cleaver. Thank you. I will yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.    Mr.  Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, again, before we close out, I want to thank you for the vision of trying to get this done much earlier than we normally try to get critical legislation through.    I just have one question. My son is in school outside of Los Angeles, and I go out and I see all of these houses built on cliffs. That's like saying, ``I dare you to rain and wash my house down the cliff.'' And because I am on this subcommittee, I am always angry, driving through there, and saying little words as I drive.    But those are usually wealthy people. The chairman and I and Ms. Waters, we were in the Ninth Ward just a few months ago, and Ranking Member Waters and I were there just a few weeks after Katrina. I had a son in college down there at the time. And it was just decimated. And the actor from Missouri, Brad Pitt, raised a lot of money, and they rebuilt the Ninth Ward. Most of the houses are now on stilts. But the people are still there. And these are not rich people; these are poor people. That ward was and still remains a low-income ward, although the people go to work every day.    So would any of you believe that it is practical to expect that poor residents, low-income residents, could actually pay the full risk rate for private insurance? Or do they get left out?    Mr.  Cleaver. Yes, that would be a FEMA issue and not necessarily one that we would have to deal with, the mitigation issue.    Mr.  Cleaver. They do in the real world. But this isn't the real world. I would like for it to be, but that is just not the way it is. I understand exactly what you are saying, and I agree with what you are saying, if we were in the real world.    Mr.  Cleaver. Thank you.    Mr. Bradshaw?    Mr.  Cleaver. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.