    Mr. Lindsay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, members of the committee. I appreciate your extending me the opportunity to present my research on the question of how we might increase opportunity for everyday Americans through higher education. I am encouraged by the growing bipartisan consensus on the need for higher education reform, and my research conducted on this question, points to the need to promote greater innovation and higher education delivery through fostering greater competition among higher education providers.    This country embarked long ago on a very well-intentioned set of Federal policies aimed at increasing college access for which all are to be commended for their earnestness. Nevertheless, as with all policies, there have been unintended consequences. The work ahead of us must consist in no small part in moderating some of these policies in order to better align higher education demand with supply as well as to better balance student access with success. The need to improve our Federal policies is seen by the following facts.    Over the past quarter century, average college tuition nationwide has jumped 440 percent, nearly 4 times the rate of the CPI over the same period. To attempt to pay for these historic increases, students and their parents have amassed historic debt. At roughly $1.3 trillion, student loan debt now exceeds even national credit card debt for the first time in our history, and this in a country fairly addicted to credit cards. The problem here is not a lack of government spending. The Federal Government has been very generous. In fact, the United States spends twice as much on higher education as the average OECD nation. This is not a money problem. Rather, when we look at the students today who graduate, and as I said, only half the students who enter college today graduate.    Of those who do graduate, 36 percent we know from studies, show little to no increase in critical thinking and writing skills, those skills that a degree is meant to signify. Moreover, when it comes to student loan debt and defaults, 70 percent of student loan defaults come from those who do not finish college. Low graduation rates increase defaults. Even sadder today, a smaller percentage of recent college graduates comes from the bottom 25 percent of income distribution than was the case in 1970, when these generous Federal programs began.    So, from these points, what we see is this, half the students who attend college never graduate. Of the half who do, only 64 percent attain any significant learning. What that means is that today, only 32 percent of students who enter college both graduate and do so with the learning that a college degree is meant to signify, meaning the odds are 2 to 1 that you will not get both. That is a scandal, but there is good news. There are solutions available to us.    In Texas, in 2014, we launched the Affordable Baccalaureate Degree Program. It can cost half as much as a traditional degree. You can finish it sometimes twice as quickly even if you come into college with no credit. You can get a degree in 3 years for between $13,000 and $15,000. Clearly, you cannot do this with all degrees. You cannot do this with a biology degree or a philosophy degree or engineering, but you can do it with applied degrees, and that is what these programs aim at. And there is something that we all need to take account of.    When we talk about college today and what we can do to help college students, we think of the four-year residential campus where students are attending full time. That is no longer the case. Only 1 in 5 college students fits that description. The new majority of students seeking some sort of education after high school, be it a two-year degree, a four-year degree, or a certificate, are non-traditional students, meaning they are over twenty-five, and/or working full time, and/or with families of their own to support.    The traditional models that have worked for us in the past simply cannot address their needs. There are other recommendations I would like to make, and I would be happy to offer them during Q&A. They are contained in my written statement. Thank you very much.    Mr. Lindsay. Sure. The problem has been, in part, a consequence of our very good intentions, and about 45 years ago, it became a part of a natural mantra that virtually all high school students should go to a four-year college. Now, we know that as today, as we have moved from an industrial economy to an information economy, that indeed, at least 60 percent of high school students are going to need to get some sort of education after high school, be it 2 year, 4 year----    Mr. Lindsay. Yeah, well, you know, looking at your graph on healthcare costs. As bad as the healthcare cost increase, student loan debt and tuition have increased at twice the rate of healthcare costs during that same period. As you mentioned earlier, the Federal Reserve Bank has found that Federally subsidized student loans are a big part of the driver of tuition hyperinflation. Every time this body increases Pell Grants by $1, universities charge $0.55 in tuition.    Every time this body increases Federally subsidized loans by $1, universities raise tuition $0.65. So, again, the problem is we have very good intentions, but we need to inject some economic reality into what we are doing, because while our intention has been to help students, in fact, and as I said, the odds today under the current system are two to one against a student both graduating and getting the learning that a degree is meant to signify. We can do better.    Mr. Lindsay. Yes, sir. When you look at the numbers as the role of the Federal Government is increased, the contribution that States can make is decreased not only because the Federal Government has taken it over, but also because the States have big items in their budgets such as Medicaid. So, here you have two Federal policies dueling with each other.    Mr. Lindsay. Sir, with regard to the moral component of education, it is sad. Over the last 50 years, universities have largely abdicated their prior responsibility for civic education. According to the U.S. Department of Education statistics today only one in three college students graduates having even taken one course in American government so they do not get a serious treatment of why equality? Why inalienable rights? Why government by consent?    Mr. Lindsay. Yes, sir. Thank you for the question. More than 30 years ago, then Secretary of Education William Bennett said that growing subsidies would allow colleges, ``Blithely to increase tuitions without fear of repercussions.''    Mr. Lindsay. For 30 years, academics did studies of that and said, ``Oh no, no correlation.'' Now I am an academic, we had an interest in saying no correlation. But nevertheless, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, last summer really settled this issue. There should not be any more debate about this. Nor should there be this false charge out there which we hear every day.    Mr. Lindsay. Sir, if you see the Federal----    Mr. Lindsay. Take a look at the Federal Reserve Bank.    Mr. Lindsay. All of us are sad to see that some private for profits have engaged in fraudulent practices. Nevertheless, only 10 percent of students get postsecondary education from for profits. The real problem that we have to address if we are going to help the majority is to address public higher education.    Mr. Lindsay. Certainly, I have no objections to that, but I think that is nibbling at the edges. There are netter solutions.    Mr. Lindsay. Well, sir, I do not want to--just because I am from Texas, talk about Texas, but we have been trying to address this problem and I hope that what we are doing can be instructive. The problem is that we are expecting too many students to go to four-year traditional colleges. That is not helping them. That is why you have two to one odds of failing today if you start college. We are looking at, and have begun to expand across the State, what we call the affordable baccalaureate program, which as I mentioned in my opening remarks, can cost half as much as a traditional degree and can be completed quicker.    Now, these are not degrees in biology or philosophy as I mentioned, but we have to bear in mind the new majority of students out there today seeking our help are non-traditional students. And for them, these affordable baccalaureates which use online learning, competency-based criteria; that is their only ticket to the American dream.    Mr. Lindsay. Yes, sir. This is a consequence of our notion that virtually all high school students should attend a 4 year college and that is just not the case. We are not serving them. So it seems to me the question is not whether to invest in the American people. The question is, what policies by which we invest in them help them?    And with the best of intentions over the last 40 years the growth of Federal involvement in higher education has now helped them. I mean, think about the fact that today a smaller percentage of college graduates come from the bottom 25 percent of income than in 1970 when these programs started. So no one here is talking about whether we should invest or not invest in the American people. Let's do it in a way that actually helps because when 68 percent of students either do not graduate or graduate not having attained the learning that a college degree is meant to signify that constitutes a scandal.    Mr. Lindsay. No, that is right. With the exception fields like law, medicine, engineering----    Mr. Lindsay. With the exception of those fields, most students--I mean, 4 years is much too long. Much of this can be done at the community college level. And we have been hearing things about free community college. Let me tell you, in 2014, the average Pell Grant was $3,300. The average community college cost was $3,300 so we have got that already. As I said, the problem has not been a lack of generosity. Quite the contrary. We spend twice as much per student investing in their higher education than the average OECD nation.    Mr. Lindsay. Sir, my point in drawing out attention to that fact is this--this is not a money problem, right? And so I was not saying that--that was not an invidious comparison. My point is this--we are, the Federal Government has been very generous in investing in Americans' education. My point is we can do it better because I do not think any of us--sir, I am sure you are not happy. When these Federal programs began in the early 70s, as I said, today fewer students graduate from the bottom 25 percent of income than in 1970 when these programs began. I do not question the intentions.    Mr. Lindsay. You know, I am glad you raised that point because we hear that all the time. We think, ``My goodness, I want to move there.'' But you know what? No more than 20 percent of those students go to college. In Europe they track. Meaning, at a very young age you are told, ``You are not going to a liberal arts college. You are going into the trades.'' So, when we say it is free it is not free for everybody. It is free for the 10 to 20 percent that qualify through the tests. So, thank you for giving me that opportunity.    Mr. Lindsay. No, the value of the comparison is this: We do not have a money problem. What we have is a priorities problem.    Mr. Lindsay. Yes, sir. Exactly. It is just simply an economic fact.    Mr. Lindsay. Federally subsidized student loans.    Mr. Lindsay. Exactly.    Mr. Lindsay. Well, sir, I think there is a growing bipartisan consensus. I mean, you have seen candidates on the left and the right. President Obama, former Texas governor Rick Perry, could not be as different in politics, but they all agree that we have to reform our policies to better serve college students. Meaning, to help them find gainful employment after their degree.    And so; therefore, I think the time really could not be better than right now to start to go back and recognize that with the best of intentions we have produced some consequences that do not help the intended beneficiaries. I mean, there was an AEI study by Jorge Klor de Alva. He found that under the current system average working people pay more to support elite institutions of higher education than they do for the schools to which they are likely to send their own kids. I mean, the average school gets $2,000-$3000 in support. The elite institutions get $12,000 to $13,000 per student.    Again, in another well-intentioned income based repayment and loan forgiveness you probably saw the Washington Post report last year. They now counsel their students at Georgetown Law School on how to game the income based repayment and loan forgiveness plan so that, says the Post, ``Tax payers are transferring $160,000.''    Mr. Lindsay. Lindsay.    Mr. Lindsay. I know less than you how to increase educational opportunity. My point is that most of the jobs today do not require a 4 year traditional degree.    Mr. Lindsay. Representative, I know you addressed me, but I do not think you intended to about housing.    Mr. Lindsay. The result is that half of the students who start college today fail, and of those who do graduate only 64 percent of them show this substantial increase in learning that a college degree is meant to signify, which means that the odds are two to one against you if you start college today, that you will get both a college degree and the learning it is meant to signify. That is not what all of these programs intended to do.    It is one of the sad, unintended consequences of Federal involvement, and the worst consequence of all, we all want to see those at the lowest income levels be able to rise. That, through education, that is the American dream, but almost 50 years later fewer college graduates are coming from the bottom 25 percent of income than in 1970 when these large programs began.    Mr. Lindsay. Today, fewer college graduates are coming from the lowest 25 percent of income distribution than was the case in 1970 when these large, Federal programs began.    Mr. Lindsay. Yeah.    Mr. Lindsay. Yes, sir, I think you are correct. Government funds have increased the demand, but there has not been a comparable increase in the supply because of strangling government regulations that limit the innovations that are out there that are the good news, and that can make higher education more affordable.    Mr. Lindsay. Yes, income sharing agreements are contracts between future employers and students who get their education subsidized by the employer. It costs taxpayers zero dollars. I also think that, in addition to that, I mean, right now under our Federal program, the people on the hook are the students and their parents and the taxpayers, right? Let's put the universities in that mix.    Mr. Lindsay. Some skin in the game, and, you know, these ideas are getting growing bipartisan support; that for each student who defaults, that the universities pay a certain percentage for each student default in their college every year. That would give them that skin in the game to be more careful with students and also, perhaps, to focus more on teaching. Because we know from every study that universities trying to become Harvard always try to offer lower teaching loads to full-time faculty. I was a faculty member for 20 years.