    Dr. Hyman. Chairman Culberson, Ranking Member Fattah, members of the subcommittee, my name is Steven Hyman, and I am offering this testimony both in my capacity as president of the Society for Neuroscience, and as a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. I am also director of the Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, and serve as Harvard University Distinguished Service Professor of stem cell and regenerative biology.    The mission of the Society for Neuroscience is to advance understanding of the brain and the nervous system. AAAS, of course, has a broader mandate led now by newly installed CEO Rush Holt, which is to advance science and engineering and innovation throughout the world for the benefit of people.    On behalf of both organizations, I deeply thank you for your support for neuroscience research and for the opportunity to testify here.    In order to be responsive to the chairman, I will--instead of summarizing my remarks--I will try to put in context some of the advances that have come from the kind of funding we have had if you will also forgive me for the errors which will undoubtedly crop up from spontaneity.    I think something to put these needed successes in context is probably well known to all of you, but that is not just the economic cost or the numbers created by brain disorders--one in three Americans is a very good number--but the impact. So while brain disorders can kill, stroke kills, and, tragically, suicide, suicide remains among the three leading causes of death for young people in this country, most of the damage done by brain disorders is through disability, whether it is a child with autism who, if they are at the more challenging end of the spectrum, may never succeed in education and won't be able to work in ordinary circumstances; schizophrenia, which is perhaps relevant to the incident with the aircraft that you reference. We don't know yet what was going on. But particularly cruel because onset is in late teens or early 20s just when families and society have made a maximum investment in a young person, getting them through college or technical school, and then they become essentially disabled for the rest of their lives. And our treatments are better than nothing, to be sure, but much remains desired. And, of course, Alzheimer's disease has been referenced already. But, again, we are facing a catastrophe here not only in terms of the individuals but also caregivers and families who get removed from the workforce.    Now, the problem--and I think Dr. Olds said this very well--has been that the brain is not only complex, but I would add one other factor which is a required technological advance, which is it is inaccessible in life. Cancer is a very hard problem, but we neuroscientists would say, perhaps unfairly, that it is an easier hard problem because a surgeon does an excisional biopsy and hands the scientist the disease, whereas for the human brain, which is poorly modeled in animals in many cases--not all cases, especially the thinking parts of the brain--you know, we can't reach in and take tissue. And so we have to examine the brain indirectly, which is why some of these imaging initiatives are so important.    That said, based on basic science and tools and technologies that have emerged in the last few years, there has been to my mind really breathtaking progress, and it hasn't yet led to treatments that generalize, but I think we finally are beginning to see a path.    Let me give you just a few examples of these successes.    So, for autism and schizophrenia, these were very mysterious illnesses. We could do brain imaging, but, again, the--exactly as Dr. Olds said, we are really looking only at ensembles of millions of neurons firing. We are not seeing what is actually going wrong. We had always known these disorders run in families. I mean, they don't--it is--they were not like Mendel's peas. It is not like, you know, in any family if one sibling has it, the other will have it. It skips generations and so forth, but we have known that these are highly genetically influenced illnesses.    The problem for common illnesses is that they are not caused by a single gene creating a problematic mutation, as in the case of Huntington's disease, but many hundreds of genes contributing small effects. We had no possibility of detecting these.    What has happened because of the--really the Federal investment in research across NSF, NIH, Department of Energy, is that the cost of sequencing DNA has come down about a millionfold in the last decade. It is really quite remarkable. Everyone has heard of Moore's Law about transistors on a chip. The cost of sequencing DNA makes that look rather torpid. Where I work now, the cost of a whole human genome is between $1,000 and $2,000. And I would add the bill we pay to Amazon for putting the data in the cloud is $500. So these costs are converging, and we need our colleagues to improve some of the computing.    But the point is, based on this technology, we can now afford to and accurately study many tens of thousands of patients. And as a result, the community has created durable global collaborations, and as a result, we now have the first literally 110 genes that are involved in causing schizophrenia. Now, these are--these are early clues, and there will be many more, and it is very hard to put them to work, but all of a sudden we have gone from a complete black box to light at the end of the tunnel, and pharmaceutical industry, which has fled this area as too difficult is now starting to dip their toes back in the water.    One other really interesting example is something called optogenetics. Optogenetics is a tool in which one can, using, say, an injected viral vector in the brain of an animal or even making a transgenic animal, another fantastic technology, introduce an ion channel that comes from microorganisms in invertebrates, so something discovered in basic science, and then these channels get activated by light--I mean, all of us know our house plants, you know, move toward the light. What is the mechanism? There are all of these kinds of light sensitive channels in nature, but we can exploit this with fiberoptics to control--to turn on and turn off the cells in the brains of animals and begin to really understand how circuits are working. And this has absolutely in the last 3 or 4 years revolutionized our understanding in animal models of behavior. And while we are not going to put fiberoptic devices in human brains, it has also inspired a number of investigators, undoubtedly funded by both NSF and NIH but also involved with the DARPA aspects of the brain project, to think about how these principles might apply to human diseases, Parkinson's disease and other diseases before we have begun to know the circuitry.    It is a really exciting time, and I would just end by saying that one of the things that the Brain Project does, which I think I am really very--I have been in the government, but I am really pleased with how the government has worked on this--has created a bottom-up endeavor that is going to build new tools--because we need these tools and technologies to get inside our skulls, literally--and engage these broadly for science but also ultimately in the service of human health and also will bring new kinds of thinkers into all of our portfolios. People who have been funded perhaps by the Department of Energy who have never thought about biology or the brain before, and so I absolutely, on behalf of the organizations I represent and also personally, thank you for your support of these endeavors, and I would be delighted to take any questions.    Dr. Hyman. Well, you know, that is even a tricky question because often, you know, nature reuses the same gene in different cell types for different purposes. And so even where we know one or two purposes, we often don't know what they are doing in the brain. We understand best the 1 to 2 percent of the genome that codes for the protein building blocks of cells. The rest, which when I was in college we were told was junk, is actually quite, quite busy, and we are just at the earliest stages of understanding what the other 98 percent of the genome is doing.    Dr. Hyman. That is a very good maxim to live by. Yeah.    Dr. Hyman. Yeah, it is really quite clear. I mean, proteins, first of all, you know, come out--they are read out as a linear structure. And then there are all of these mechanisms inside the cell to make sure they have exactly the right confirmation to do their job----    Dr. Hyman. You should teach biology. That is exactly--and then but they get stabilized, depending on negative and positive charges, or, you know, they will bounce around stochastically. And then they will come to the right confirmation. And then there are other proteins called chaperones which help them, you know, stay in the right confirmation. This is complex process that often fails, and normal cells must have a mechanism to degrade and remove these misfolded proteins.    Dr. Hyman. But, well, the force is----    Dr. Hyman. No, no. No, I am sorry. No, no. I was going to say gravity works--for galaxies--doesn't work at that scale----    Dr. Hyman. Yeah. There are a lot of quantitatively talented people who might be spending their lives in finance who, you know, make--could really, you know, in their extra time do some really good things here thinking about protein folding and other problems.    But at any rate, you are absolutely right. It has been extremely frustrating, to take one example, that the gene that causes Huntington's disease, which is rare but not, you know, terribly, terribly rare, invariably lethal, with a terrible end course or some forms of--some of the familial forms of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.    Dr. Hyman. Well, right. So you--I don't have to tell you how awful these conditions are.    Dr. Hyman. Yeah. So, again, technological innovation has given us--I don't want to over promise, but I think it has given us some really promising clues. So you can think of these mutations that cause protein misfolding or other mischief----    Dr. Hyman. Or injury--as poisons in every cell, and the idea that a drug will work in all of the--now, in ALS, of course, it is really motor neurons, but they are affecting other cells. The fact that--the idea that you could sort of somehow neutralize this poison with a drug is very challenging. A new idea, based on the ability to deliver RNA molecules, which would interfere with translating from the DNA message these aberrant proteins that--the mutant form of Huntington or some of these familial forms of genes that cause ALS--and literally try to shut that gene off in the brain or in motor neurons is an entirely new, you know, last year or two this idea of gene silencing, which I think is an, you know, unproven but a really interesting idea, but we couldn't think about it without the technological advance of how would we get these neutralizing molecules into the right cells. Still an unsolved problem, but something probably some of your members might even be thinking about.    Mr. Hyman. I don't understand them.    Dr. Hyman. Well, it is----    Dr. Hyman. It is conceptually similar. I think, in familial ALS and Huntington's, there is actually a very precise target, which is this mutated gene, that is leading to these terrible symptoms and death. And we can at least know exactly what we need to shut off, whereas in inflammatory disorders, there are many, many molecules involved and----    Dr. Hyman. That is correct. Absolutely. Absolutely.    Dr. Hyman. Yes. Mr. Chairman, if my colleagues--maybe they want me to quiet down, but there is yet another exiting technology called CRISPR/Cas-9----well, I will explain what this is. So----    Dr. Hyman. CRISPR, C-R-I-S-P-R, hyphen, C-a-s 9, and it is in the news because leading scientists have said, We better call a halt on any human experimentation right now, see where we are ethically and in terms of safety, which is not to end the research. But let me describe was this is.    Bacteria get infections too. Viruses invade them and kill them, and so bacteria need to have an immune system. And what they do is they, in some cases, is they--they form a memory of--they don't want to cut up their own DNA, so they form a memory of what the DNA of the viruses that afflict them. And they have invented basically molecular scissors to cut the DNA that gets recognized. We as a community----    Dr. Hyman. Right. Something binds to it----    Dr. Hyman. Yeah, exactly.    Dr. Hyman. Mr. Fattah, if that is not copyrighted, you know----    Dr. Hyman. But basically we can now use the same system, and this is now widely used in both microorganisms and animal models to cut DNA where we want because we can engineer the recognition strips, these so-called guide RNAs, and cut DNA. And then there are other well-known mechanisms to insert new pieces of DNA.    So this is now an experimental tool that we are using to put the genes we discover about schizophrenia into cell lines. But the idea is that in a human potentially--and, again, this is really fraught and it is really early--you could do pregestational diagnosis. You could find the mutant gene for a single--for monogenic disorders like----    Dr. Hyman. Huntington's, that are caused by a single gene.    Dr. Hyman. You could design guide RNAs. You could cut out that version and then replace it with a healthy version.    Now, there are all kinds of safety risks. There are all kinds of ethical risks because people might want to use this technology to make people taller or whatever.    And we really have to think deeply about this, but I think we are entering an era where exactly what you have imagined may become possible.    Dr. Hyman. Absolutely. And that is a great institution.    Dr. Hyman. Yeah. I think there are--one way of thinking about it is there is a shared mechanism. Right? A protein has misfolded and the cell chokes on it, doesn't--is unable to get rid of it.    And that might be something across many different diseases. But for each particular disease it is one or another protein that is genetically producing a protein given to misfolding or sometimes a disposal mechanism that isn't working.    So I think there are two major useful areas of focus. And, again, I think there is some--there have been some very important investigators in Texas, Huda Zoghbi's lab at Baylor, for example, that has found a lot of these mutations that are devastating in children.    So I think one important focus is to identify these genes and figure out ways in which we can potentially silence them or, if the CRISPR/Cas-9 scenario works out over time, even replace them in an embryonic stage, again, with all of the ethical concerns that need to be addressed first.    But the alternative, which is more general, not disease by disease, is actually to better understand the mechanisms by which cells clear misfolded proteins and to see whether there are ways in which we can improve that set of processes in a way that might work across many different diseases. I won't go into the technical, you know----    Dr. Hyman. It is a very--there are a lot of--yes. Yeah. Yeah.    And then, again, you mentioned something that is new, but interesting, is that, in traumatic brain injury, this protein Tau, which has also been implicated in Alzheimer's disease, may not only create inappropriate tangles inside of neurons, but when they die, it may be released and almost infect neighboring neurons and spread some of the damage. Again, early, but really, really interesting and important work.    Dr. Hyman. Mr. Chairman, I think there are a lot of technologies that we focus on all for benefit with therapeutic purposes to solve important engineering problems that have other uses that we wouldn't be so happy with or that we worry might get away from us.    And maybe the earliest experience of this country in thinking about that is nuclear proliferation, which is, after all, knowledge of certain advanced technologies. And we can see the challenges there, but I think the challenges are going to be even greater because these are going to be widely disseminated not-classified technologies.    And one of the things that I have actually been involved in is to help people thinking about inventing these technologies, not--not AI, but invasive deep-brain stimulation for regulating behavior.    So DARPA has these very interesting advanced projects really aimed at servicemen and -women who have traumatic brain injury, post-traumatic stress disorder, but, also, chronic pain syndromes who may have become addicted to pain medicines because of their injuries.    And as an alternative to waiting for the development of new medications, they are studying the ability to directly stimulate circuits in the brain, something that has worked very, very well for Parkinson's disease.    But they understand that, once you are stimulating brain circuits, you know, this could be a good and therapeutic thing, but it also could change personality, personal identity.    So they have appointed an ethical, legal, and social issues panel to help them oversee this research that I am privileged to serve on, and they take it quite seriously. But I think it is a kind of model.    The Genome Project did that. They had an ethical, legal, and social issues panel that actually Jim Watson, James Watson, had initiated. And the idea here is not to stop these technologies because they have so much benefit, but, really, as a community, to think through the really difficult problem of maximizing the benefit, but somehow controlling the risks.    Dr. Hyman. I mean, you are absolutely right. And, again, we have got--we are not very good at having broad conversations about how to control the downside of technologies where we are all too good at sometimes having deadening regulation. You know, you are not going to outlaw, you know, email or iPhones, but we have to deal with cyberbullying. Right?    And so I think we really need to have more serious conversations that somehow affect the way society handles these issues or things that are really beneficial and wonderful will then have very much unintended consequences.    Dr. Hyman. Yeah. Absolutely.