    Mr. Varela. Chairman Miller, Ranking Member Brown, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting DAV to testify at today's hearing.    DAV is comprised of 1.3 million wartime service-disabled veterans, and we are dedicated to a single purpose: empowering veterans to lead high-quality lives with respect and dignity.    For veterans who aren't able to work because of service-connected disabilities but do not meet the requirements for a 100-percent rating, VA has established special provisions for awarding total disability ratings based on individual unemployability, or IU.    The main question at issue in IU claims is whether a veteran can engage in substantially gainful employment due to service-connected disabilities. Any subtle change in a veteran's physical or mental capacity may cause poor performance in a work setting that an employer could find unacceptable, thus leading to loss of employment opportunities.    Some veterans will become unemployable as their disabilities worsen with age. However, age is not a factor in IU determinations, nor should it be. Unlike VA pension benefits and Social Security Disability Insurance benefits, where age is appropriately considered in determining entitlement, consideration of age as a factor in IU claims would be inappropriate.    The idea that Americans do not aspire for greater personal and economic prosperity beyond a certain age can easily be dispelled by the number of people working beyond normal retirement age. Just look in the House and the Senate, where many of your colleagues continue to work productively into their 70s and some into their 80s.    We realize that VA's IU regulations and policies are imperfect but believe the current rules for the most part prescribe consideration of the appropriate factors. VA adjudicators must perform careful examination of the facts and exercise well-informed and well-reasoned judgments.    We believe most veterans would prefer to work if capable to do so, and experience has shown that VA adjudicators are not particularly liberal in awarding IU benefits.    DAV recognizes the growth in IU claims for fiscal years 2009 through 2013 but believes this growth is consistent with the pattern of higher numbers of more seriously disabled veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, increased claims processing, intense outreach efforts, expansions of presumptive disabilities, and new rules governing claims for post-traumatic stress disorder. Consider that in 2009 VA changed its policy relative to claims processing for PTSD cases and in 2010 VA added three new presumptive disabilities related to Agent Orange exposure.    For these reasons, increasing numbers of veterans receiving IU benefits, as reported by CBO in 2014 and by GAO in 2015, does not, in our view, signal a failure or fault in the administration of this benefit.    In the August 2014 CBO report, it states, ``VA reviews the employment history of IU applicants but does not require those veterans to have their employability assessed by the Department's vocational rehabilitation program.'' This suggests that a determination of IU could be made contingent upon a vocational rehabilitation evaluation and determination. This additional administrative step would add unnecessary delay and undoubtedly place a greater burden upon veterans seeking timely decisions for adequate compensation to maintain a basic standard of living.    In the June 2015 GAO report on IU, several options were noted to revise IU eligibility requirements and restructure the administration of this benefit. These options consisted of discontinuing IU beyond retirement age, a vocational assessment prior to awarding IU, gradually reducing IU payments, increasing earning limits, lowering disability rating criteria, adding new IU criteria, and developing a new patient-centered work disability measure.    DAV would strongly oppose any legislation or recommendation that would restrict IU entitlement on the basis of age, delay processing of IU claims due to increased administrative requirements, or reduce IU payments prior to a veteran demonstrating sustained and gainful employment.    We would strongly oppose any measure that proposes to offset the payment of any other Federal benefit or other earned benefit entitlement by VA compensation payments. Reducing a benefit provided to a veteran in receipt of IU due to receipt of a different benefit offered through a separate benefit program would be viewed as an unjust penalty.    DAV supports lowering the rating criteria for IU for veterans with multiple disabilities to a combined disability rating of 60 percent, rather than the 70 percent, and eliminating the requirement that one of the disabilities have a minimum rating of 40 percent.    In closing, DAV appreciates the opportunity to discuss the merits and our concerns regarding the administration of VA's IU benefit. IU provides payments at the 100-percent rate that affords considerable financial relief for veterans when employment opportunities diminish because of the wounds, injuries, and illnesses sustained as a consequence of active military service.    This concludes my testimony, Mr. Chairman. I am prepared to answer any questions from you or other members of the committee. Thank you.    Mr. Varela. Thank you, Congressman Takano.    I have had the benefit of being with DAV nearly 13 years this October, and 10 of those years I spent in regional offices helping a wide range of veterans--younger veterans and older veterans. Whether it was helping an 80-year-old veteran file a claim for the first time for PTSD or a recently discharged servicemember from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, age was never an issue. We never took that issue.    If somebody comes into our office to apply for a benefit, the first question that we ask is, how did this disability--in cases of IU--how did this disability or disabilities impact your ability to work? Historically, you know. What kind of limitations did you have over these periods of time?    And I will give you an example. Mr. de Planque mentioned the 70-year-old Vietnam veterans. Well, remember, many of them may not have been eligible up until 2009 and 2010. So they went decades without receiving any benefits. How did those disabilities impact them over the years?    So, when somebody comes in at age 90, it is not unreasonable for us to say, what limitations did your disabilities, your service-connected disabilities, impose on your ability to work? And would you still be working today? What do you think? Yes, I feel that if I didn't have this diabetes or I didn't have this Parkinson's disease, I could be doing something above the poverty threshold, which is roughly $12,000 today.    So age, for us, is not a factor. It is what did those service-connected disabilities do to that person over time and today.    Mr. Varela. They are open for the full range of mental health services provided by the VA, regardless of disability. Any service that is provided at VHA for mental health, PTSD, TBI, they can receive that concurrently with IU, or they would receive that concurrently with their disability evaluation. IU is not a determining factor in the level of services.    Mr. Varela. Yes, Congressman O'Rourke. Thank you. A couple of improvements.    Hopefully, when VBA moves to this electronic income verification process, that they would discontinue requiring veterans to send the 4140 form back to them to verify whether or not they are working.    If you looked at the GAO report, you saw a certain percentage of veterans that no longer qualified for IU because they failed to return the questionnaire.    You know, there are a lot of veterans that receive that questionnaire, they don't know what it is for, they don't return it, their benefits get reduced. Whether or not they come in to have them, you know, reevaluated and their benefits reinstated--it happens, okay, that they are not going to come back to the VA; they think that their benefits have been reduced properly. Then you get some veterans that submit it late, they have been reduced; then you have got to go through a whole other process to get their benefits reinstated.    So, hopefully, when they move to that electronic verification, we can get rid of that. You go online, this person is working; if they are not working, they continue into the program.    In terms of other improvements within IU, we all want quality decisions. Quality is number one. I mean, that is what we are all shooting for. But what I would say is, no matter the case, I have never come across somebody that had an identical IU case. So what I say to that is, I may present a Member of Congress with this body of evidence, this body of information, this work history, but we still may arrive at a different decision.    So the administrative procedures that VA has to perform, infer the IU claims, send the 4140, did you schedule an examination, that is great, but, at the end of the day, we want to make sure that we understand that we are not all going to reach the same conclusion 100 percent of the time.