    Mr. Kinzinger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for being here today and having a good time with us. We appreciate it.    Mr. Chairman, before I get started with my questions, I am going to ask unanimous consent to include in the record a letter from the Illinois Chamber of Commerce on the need for a regulatory approach at the FCC that fosters investment and innovation in the deployment of technology.    Mr. Kinzinger. Chairman Wheeler, I understand that the FCC has established a broadcast reimbursement deadline of 39 months after the auction. If the Commission plans to repack up to 1,100 local TV stations, there is a reasonable question about whether that 39 month deadline is technically feasible with so few tower crews, structural consultants, a lack of antenna manufacturing capacity, among other things.    Even if we assume that all of those issues are resolved, there is still the outstanding issue of whether or not the relocation fund will be sufficient to pay for moving all of the broadcasters. You have responded to some of those concerns, stating that you have no reason to believe that the $1.75 billion broadcaster relocation will be insufficient to cover their relocation costs.    That leaves a secondary question of, what if the fund isn't sufficient to pay for the moving of all broadcasters? Again, your Commission stated that you believe the fund will be sufficient, but if it is not, the FCC has the authority to develop a prioritization scheme for reimbursement claims. What would this scheme entail?    Mr. Kinzinger. Right.    Mr. Kinzinger. Well, no, I understand. I have limited time, but if it is not sufficient. So you said you would prioritize.    Now, are you saying that you would provide funding over the $1.75 billion? Or would you be pulling from one broadcaster to pay another? How is that going to work?    Mr. Kinzinger. Yes.    Mr. Kinzinger. But we need to hypothesize, to an extent, because----    Mr. Kinzinger. I said, to an extent, we need to hypothesize, because we have to plan, we have to understand so we are not surprised.    Mr. Kinzinger. Yes.    Mr. Kinzinger. But you see it--potentially on the table would be prioritizing broadcasters or maybe pulling from one----    Mr. Kinzinger. Yes.    Mr. Kinzinger. No.    Mr. Kinzinger. OK.    Mr. Kinzinger. OK.    For the whole panel, let's assume for a moment that the 39 month deadline for relocating broadcasters can't be met. And I know you assume it can. Let's assume for a moment it can't. Would you allow broadcasters to be forced off the air at that point?    Mr. Kinzinger. I guess we will start with Mr. O'Rielly.    Mr. Kinzinger. OK.    Mr. Kinzinger. Yes.    And not to skip back to the relocation fund, but one of the things I want to make sure, though, is one of the possibilities is not forcing broadcasters to then shoulder the cost of it if it is above $1.75 billion, right?    Mr. Kinzinger. OK. Well, that is good. It is not anybody's goal; I just want to make sure it is not really there as an option.    Mr. Kinzinger. Commissioner O'Rielly, in a welcome sign of the kind of collaboration that we expect but seldom see on the Commission, you and Commissioner Clyburn both issued a joint statement of support for the public notice recently issued to remind USF recipients of expenditures that should not be supported by the universal service.    Your joint statement went further and stated concerns with certain other expenses not related to the provision of service, such as for artwork and cafeterias, that may be permitted under certain readings of the rules. You both called on the Commission to initiate a proceeding to address these issues in the coming months.    Commissioner O'Rielly, what would be the benefits of such a proceeding?    Mr. Kinzinger. And, basically, everybody on the panel would agree, I think, this?    Mr. Kinzinger. All right.    Mr. Chairman, hopefully that is----    Mr. Kinzinger . That is good input. And I will I yield back.