    Mrs. Capps. Thank you for yielding.    Mr. Chairman, I must say I am disappointed in this committee. I am disappointed that here we have worked so hard this year to find common ground and compromise for the American people. We are now succumbing to the political theater that has taken over the rest of Congress.    The legislation we are being asked to considered is supposedly in response to heavily altered, deceptive videos that try to cast a shadow over one of the Nation's most trusted women's healthcare providers. But as our colleague on the Oversight Committee has testified, that committee has not found any evidence of wrongdoing, and without any basis in reality, we are still here considering bills in search of a problem.    In my years as a nurse in the public school system, I worked so closely with teen parents whose lives and education were disrupted by an unplanned pregnancy. These young mothers and students still had such promise, but now they were faced with the difficult role of balancing their responsibilities as parents and students, often limiting their opportunities.    We know it doesn't have to be this way. Comprehensive sex education and access to a wide range of birth control options, this is what Planned Parenthood brings to our communities, and they are exactly the types of education and interventions that prevent unintended pregnancies and the need for abortion in the first place.    These bills before us would end these important services in our communities all for political gain. It is unacceptable. We need to stop being distracted and get this committee back to work on real issues facing this country.    I yield back to my colleague from New Jersey.    Mrs. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In theory, we are here to address two bills, but we have yet to see any reliable evidence to show that these bills are anything more than a quote/unquote ``solution in search of a problem.''    In reality, though, the problems they would create for women and families across this country are very real. Any sort of chilling effect on women's health providers or barring of Federal grants and reimbursements for preventive healthcare services at Planned Parenthood would affect millions of Americans. And contrary to what some might claim, defunding Planned Parenthood would have a significant impact on the healthcare safety net in our communities.    Professor Waxman, I want to ask you a few questions about how defunding Planned Parenthood would jeopardize women's access to critical health services. Last week in the journal Health Affairs, Professor Sara Rosenbaum wrote a piece describing the potential impact of defunding Planned Parenthood. She wrote, and I quote: ``A claim that community health centers readily can absorb the loss of Planned Parenthood clinics amounts to a gross misrepresentation of what even the best community health centers in this country would be able to do. For the millions of poor women who depend on Planned Parenthood clinics, this scenario would mean the loss of affordable and accessible contraceptive services and counseling, as well as breast and cervical cancer screenings and testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections. The assertion that community health centers could step into this breach of this magnitude is simply wrong and displays a fundamental misunderstanding of how the healthcare system works.''    Similarly, last month, the California Primary Care Association wrote a letter to Senator Boxer about the impact of defunding Planned Parenthood on the Community Health Center Network. In it they say, and I quote: ``Eliminating Planned Parenthood from our State's comprehensive network of care would provide untenable stress on the remaining providers. We do not have the capacity for such an increase in care.''    This is direct from the providers, who some claim could easily pick up the slack if Planned Parenthood is defunded.    Now three quick questions for you.    Professor Waxman, do you think removing funding for the largest provider of contraception would increase or decrease the number of unintended pregnancies?    Mrs. Capps. Do you think it would improve or weaken women's access to essential life-saving healthcare services?    Mrs. Capps. And would this loss of services primarily affect wealthy women or would it disproportionately affect poor and minority women?    Mrs. Capps. Thank you.    Republicans are willfully putting their heads in the sand. They think it is no big deal to shut down hundreds of clinics offering essential services that are not available anywhere else. They may think it is worth shutting down the Government to achieve this goal.    Moreover, I would just like to emphasize, these women have chosen to go to Planned Parenthood for their care. Suggesting they can just get their care from other providers is both callous and condescending. With all due respect to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, which provider a woman chooses to go to for her reproductive health care is not your decision to make, or at least it should not be.    I yield back.    I am happy to yield to someone--no. I yield back.