    Ms. Pingree. Thank you. Thank you to the ranking member.    And thank you very much, Director Ashe, for being here today. It is nice to see you. You and I have spent a lot of quality time together in your tenure here, and I do really appreciate the work that you do, the work of the Fish and Wildlife Service, and all of your employees. I know you have had a lot of challenges in the past year, and I really appreciate how you have handled them all.    I will say something briefly about sea urchins, since you and I get to talk about that quite a bit. I have been very concerned about the inspection requirements for urchins that are processed in my State and exported to Asia. The committee has heard me talk about this quite a bit.    As you know, they are highly perishable and the inspection process is very difficult for the urchin dealers. We first started talking about it I think in December 2014, and you have spent a lot of time, and your department has spent a lot of time, working with us on this. We have not completely worked out the solution, but I am optimistic we are making progress, and I am determined that we will solve this problem once and for all, and I can go home safely to my district.    Ms. Pingree. Yes, and say we worked out some of these challenging issues.    Ms. Pingree. Yes, if it goes my way, I think we will be great. Ms. Pingree. Keep your fish out of our State.    I actually want to talk about a couple other fish things. You know, we take fish very seriously in my State. We are proud of our fishing industry. We are proud of our aquaculture and sport-fishing industry. And all of these areas are of deep concern to us.    But I want to talk about the aquatic drug approval partnership. I have heard about this program from some of the researchers who are working on it daily, trying to understand the diseases that affect our fish and also establish some of the safe and effective treatment programs to protect against them.    As you are aware, the budget cuts to the AADAP in recent years have threatened the future of both the program and new drug approvals for United States aquaculture. In the 2016 omnibus appropriations bill, we were pleased to support the language that requires not less than $400,000 for the Aquatic Animal Dr. g Approval Partnership.    So one of my questions is, can you talk to me a little bit about your thoughts on the importance of this program? And will we have adequate funding to do it, since there is some flexibility in there?    Ms. Pingree. Thank you for that. I hope that is true, because there are an awful lot of drugs that need approval.    Ms. Pingree. Great. I am going to ask you one other quick thing, and I will keep that in mind about the FDA, since that is my other committee that I am about to go to.    Just about fish passage programs, certainly that has been an important part of some of the changes in Maine. Removing something like the Veazie Dam has given us a chance to have sturgeon, alewives, salmon, fish that we really want to see coming up the river, not some of the challenging fish.    The budget has level funding, and it is really important that there is some kind of expanded footprint for this program. Are there any opportunities to do more with it using nonfederal funds? Have you thought about how to do more with that?    Ms. Pingree. Great. I am glad to see there is an increase in it. It is impressive how you brought so many parties to the table for a unique goal that has really made a big difference in our State. So thank you for that.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you very much, Director Jarvis, for being with us.    We appreciate the work that you do. We appreciate all your employees.    In Maine, we are particularly proud of our national park and so grateful for the attention that you have given us in Maine.    I want to follow up a little bit on Representative Stewart's question, because I think this issue around visitor experience is a pressing one, as we are happily seeing the parks be more and more popular. And certainly in the centennial celebration, we are a little bit worried about our visitors, too.    So first, I want to say we are really excited that this is centennial year of Acadia National Park, as well as the park system. We are hoping that many members of the subcommittee who would like to come and visit when we have our celebration will come. Since it is the heart of lobster fishing territory, we guarantee excellent food while you are there. So come on up.    But as we know, Acadia I think had 2.8 million visitors last year. We are an incredibly popular park. We have a lot of the same kinds of transportation issues, a bottleneck getting on to the island where Acadia National Park is located.    I am interested in this year, where there will be even more focus, how you are handling--I know some of the things you are doing--but to ensure that there is a high-quality experience. No one does want to spend their day in a parking lot. No one wants to be unable to climb Cadillac Mountain.    I know you are looking for ways, but how do we get people to visit differently, off-peak hours? What are you working on for that? And what parts of the budget help to support that?    I am just going to throw in another somewhat similar issue about the visitor experience. We are increasingly concerned about tick-borne illnesses in Maine. I know they have been traveling their way up the East Coast and now Lyme disease is I think the sixth most reported disease to the CDC, but we think it is tremendously underreported, because people are not always sure.    That can really change the visitor experience. I think as it grows, people are going to be increasingly concerned about going outdoors. We do not want that to spoil the visitor experience. So talk a little bit about the things that the park service has been doing to alert people and how you help visitors protect themselves, so that it does not become something you bring home from your experience.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you for being here today and for the work that you do.    We spent a long time last year talking about the Beatrice Rafferty School in my State, and I am always grateful for the way this committee can work together in a very bipartisan way. I appreciated the help from the chair, and ranking member, and the President in making sure that the funding was available. But as you know, there were some disagreements along the way about the design and cost, and it has taken a long time to resolve that disagreement around the square footage and the design.    I am very grateful that we have made progress, and in recent weeks I have heard that the school is on track for a construction start date in 2017 in the spring. But I do think it is amazing that it was 11 months since our last hearing until the sign-off last month. It took that long to get this approved. That is a very long delay, and I think we all thought it would be under construction by now.    So I just want to say I know the BIE is putting a lot of effort into restructuring the Agency to work better with tribal support of schools. But I want to make sure that in the process, it does not take so long, but also that there is still consideration for space for native language instruction and cultural activities. In particular at Beatrice Rafferty, part of the disagreement was about this additional cultural space.    So, again, I am happy we seem to have worked it out, but it has been a really long time, and it seems like it should not take so long. Can you share a little bit about the lessons that you have learned in the past few years of school construction so we do not keep repeating these delays, and disagreements on design and community input.    It seems to me a 3-year delay from appropriation until groundbreaking when the need is this high is unacceptable.    Ms. Pingree. I appreciate your thoughts, and I am glad that you see this as an opportunity to do things differently being relatively new to this committee and hearing so much about the need for construction throughout the country. I do hope you will report back to us and let us see how you are moving forward in the future because it seems unacceptable that we would finally get the construction funds for schools, which is hard enough to do in the first place and then that does not even move forward.    So I hope we will hear back from you, and that going forward, we actually see these things in action and at work.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you. Thanks, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Pingree. I will pass.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair.    Thank you, Administrator, for being with us today. I know this is not an easy job, and you certainly have had a lot of challenges in recent times.    I want to take us on a somewhat different path. I am interested in the topic of food waste. I know the EPA has set some interesting goals.    I know my colleagues are riveted by this topic. Ms. Pingree. But 40 percent of the food in this country is wasted, and we have a lot of hardworking farmers and others who spend a lot time to produce that food and we have a lot of people going hungry in this country, so it is a very serious issue. I have introduced a bill called the Food Recovery Act, because I do think this is something that we have to take on and challenge.    I am very pleased that the EPA and the USDA have set national food waste reduction goals, which is a 50 percent reduction by 2030 in the amount of food we waste. I was very happy to be on a panel the other day with Mathy Stanislaus, the assistant administrator in the Office of Solid Waste in your organization.    Clearly, you have people out there working hard on it. But now you have this big goal. I know a little bit about how hard it is to tackle some of these issues at all levels of how we waste food.    Can you talk to me a little more about what the EPA's goals are and what you are doing to make this a reality?    Ms. Pingree. Thank you for that. I appreciate that you are trying to look at it at all levels and work with the USDA.    Along with the challenges of making sure our food gets into the hands of people who need it and are hungry, there are some serious environmental challenges of how to dispose of food waste and the gases produced.    Ms. Pingree. Right, which is much more toxic than many of the gases we worry about. Plus, it is a huge cost to municipalities.    One of the challenges when we try to do something about a problem with limited resources is how the agencies coordinate. How is that going between you and the USDA, since you are kind of the two key agencies on this?    Ms. Pingree. I appreciate that. I will have another question, if we get a second round, but I did want to make just a quick comment on Mr. Jenkins. I am sorry he is no longer here.    I feel very, very sympathetic for any rural State that has to deal with the loss of high-paying jobs. I know in the State of Maine, we have lost a tremendous number of our paper mills. It seems to be happening at a rate higher than people can even fathom.    Those are the same kinds of jobs. They are high-paying jobs. They come with benefits. It is staggering, particularly in a rural State, when those things change.    But I just wanted to add sort of another perspective, since Maine tends to be the State at the end of the tailpipe, and coal-fired power plants have been a huge issue for our State for a long time. You think about going to Maine and you think about, pristine air, this wonderful State on the ocean. But, frankly, we have some of the worst air in the country.    One in 10 people in Maine have asthma. We have a tremendous number of children with asthma. It is one of the biggest reasons for emergency room admission, and it is the fourth most common reason that people miss going to work. So people who have jobs often cannot go because they have asthma.    So I just wanted to add in the other perspective, that while I am very sympathetic about the loss of jobs, and Mr. Rogers is here too, and he represents so many important coal country communities, but it is a huge challenge, making sure that those of us who really suffer from the air at the other end are also able to have clean air. We must reduce the amount of very costly illnesses and tragic situations that many people are in because of that.    So I wanted to thank you from the other side, and I know it is not easy. I know we are always trying to deal with that balance. It is tricky. So thank you for that.    Ms. Pingree. I thank you, Mr. Chair.    Both of my last two colleagues mentioned the clean water revolving fund. I just want to add that for many of the municipalities in our State, that is critically important. I think you know that.    And I will just throw in brownfields, too, because that is another thing that has just been really beneficial to economic development.    I do not have to tell you, but those are really critically important when it comes to funding. I will just bring up one last topic, and that is about bees and pollinators.    I know that you take that very seriously. Mr. Calvert brought up one of the issues around pesticides and allowing new pesticides. All of us are very concerned about the Zika virus and many of these things and making sure that we really do have a way to control them. The reverse of that is the impact on pollinators.    I know Mr. Simpson is deeply concerned about the Monarch butterfly. We have our own mini-caucus here that has never been formalized but is there.    But I just want to bring up the fact that this recent GAO report criticized the EPA for ignoring the assessment of the impacts of multiple pesticides on bees. This is not an easy topic, but we know that neonicotinoids are one of the biggest issues. In some areas, they are banned, in other countries.    It is critically important, given the fact that 80 percent of all flowering plants around the world need to be pollinated by bees. We have already had a few crises.    We are very worried about the impact of glyphosate-resistant weeds in our agricultural system. We have 70 million acres of the United States that are infested with them. We are worried about their impact on the Monarch butterfly through milkweed. I do not have to tell you all this.    Ms. Pingree. I am sharing your pain.    And the GAO just has a brand-new report out, saying USDA and EPA have to do more on this. You have to coordinate better.    Frankly, this is very complex, particularly with the use of multiple chemicals in the same agricultural setting. So it is a tough balance, because we want to make sure we have those pesticides available when it comes to disease control and other things like this mosquito-borne virus. But on the other hand, we cannot afford to lose our pollinators.    So how can you do a little more on this? How are you going to address the concerns the GAO just brought out?    Ms. Pingree. Great.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Pingree. Just quickly, are those little movable--    Ms. Pingree. Okay.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you very much for being here, Dr. Skorton, and thank you to everyone who brought such interesting exhibits for us to see. That was really a pleasure. We are very appreciative of the work that you do. And I echo all the things that my colleagues have said earlier.    I just want to talk a little bit about some of the things that you do through the Smithsonian outside of D.C. I represent Maine, and we have been very fortunate to work with you on a variety of things.    Recently the Portland Museum of Art had a major retrospective on Richard Estes' realism, which they were able to do with the cooperation of the Smithsonian. And that is really important for small States like ours that are lucky to access your resources.    I want to talk a little bit about the MarineGEO program that is growing within the Smithsonian, and is a very important part of what you do in research. I have a lot of coastal communities, of course, that are interested in things like climate change. But we don't have a MarineGEO site in Maine, and I want to talk a little bit about some of the additional funds that are requested for MarineGEO staff.    Will you be able to expand the number of partner sites? Have you thought about how you could work with small and more narrowly focused organizations that are interested in becoming research sites either by providing additional financial resources to help them expand their research or encouraging a consortium model, which would allow them to contribute?    Ms. Pingree. Great. We will look forward to staying in touch about that. Thank you very much.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair.