    Mr. Turley. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Turley. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, Ranking Committee Member Conyers, Members of the Subcommittee, it is a great honor to appear before you today to talk about the Chevron doctrine, its constitutional implications for our system. It is a particular pleasure to appear on this esteemed panel with these academics, including my colleagues from GW, Dick Pierce and Emily Hammond, and my former colleague from GW, John Duffy, who left us to join some nest of Jeffersonians south from here, but we appreciate you allowing him to come back to the big city on occasion.    This is obviously a very important question for many of us. When look at it from different perspectives, I think what you're going to see today is sort of a microcosm of the field. How Chevron is viewed differs, whether you view it from a constitutional standpoint, or from an administrative law standpoint, or perhaps a hybrid of those two areas.    From my perspective, Chevron is a deeply problematic subject. I'd like to say, as Woody Allen once said, that I wish I could leave you with a positive point, but ask if you'd accept two negative points instead. From a Madisonian standpoint, I'm afraid the best you can hope for is to get two negative points to make a positive, but it doesn't quite work. And I would like to explain why.    I previously testified and written about what is called the Rise of the Fourth Branch, and how that has created an imbalance in our system, and, particularly, drained away some of the authority from Congress, which is so important to the balance of our three branches.    To take a look at the administrative state as it is sometimes called, it is obvious that our system has changed. When this republic started, we only had about 1,000 people in non military positions. Obviously, it was quite small.    In 2007, Congress enacted 138 public laws, in that same year Federal agencies enacted about 3,000 rules. To put it in a judicial standpoint, judges that year in a given year handled about 100,000 cases. Federal agencies have adjudicatory proceedings ranging around 1 million.    The question then becomes is the dominant source of law making or law giving in the country? I think it is obvious that we have had a shift in gravity in our system toward this administrative state. The implications of that are worthy of discussion, they create new pathways and power centers in a system that wasn't designed for them.    Now, my colleagues and I have different views of the implications of that. Chevron is one of those subjects that will deeply divide most academics, but, in my view, Chevron was solving a problem that didn't exist. It, on its face, sought to limit the role of judges, which is not a bad thing in terms of agency decisions. But it had sort of Trojan Horse aspects to it. It arrived in a benign form, and it became more aggressive and, indeed, menacing in time. Chevron allowed a very permissive standard for agencies. As allowed the administrative state to be insulated to a degree that I think is, in fact, dangerous.    Now, before Chevron, we didn't have a period of utter confusion or tyranny under the Skidmore standard. Agencies were given ``respect'' and considerable weight in their interpretations; that's why some of us view it as solving problem that didn't really exist.    And indeed, recently, the court has almost a buyer's remorse in how it has tried to limit Chevron. You've seen in the Christensen case, for example, this limitation of Chevron to a force of law cases. You've seen in other cases how the Court has tried to distinguish circumstances where Skidmore and Ellis would apply as opposed to Chevron analysis.    But I think one the most problematic aspects of Chevron is seen in the City of Arlington case, where that deference was given to an agency in defining its own jurisdiction. In my testimony, I've recommended a series of possible approaches of Congress based on the delegation theory of Chevron that I recommended, and I'd be happy to talk about those to the Committee.    And I will simply end by saying that I don't believe you need to treat Chevron as a fait accompli, or have a fatalistic view of Chevron. Chevron is not evil, it is not tyrannical, but that doesn't mean that it cannot be improved. And so I'm happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Turley. I think it's a critical component in terms of the rise of this administrative state. And I do think that we have to be honest that the creation of this effective fourth branch was not part of the original design. It creates new pathways, new centers, within the system. And we have to be at least concerned about how, for example, administrative courts have become the dominant forms of adjudications in our system. It wasn't designed for that. And, yet, when citizens go to those courts, they find they have fewer rights. They find a system that many view is fairly heavily weighted toward agencies.    And, so, I think if you look at Chevron in that context, you see that it's actually undermining both legislative and judicial functions within the system. And where I disagree with my esteemed colleagues, is, I don't see any cognizable principle at all coming recently out of the Chevron cases. The courts seem to be--to think that putting additional layers of ambiguity onto Chevron will create clarity, and it hasn't. In the last case of King v. Burwell, when we are looking at, what's the dividing line? What's the role of courts? The Court says, well, this is a question of deep economic and political significance, and seems to avoid the Chevron analysis. That's no better than Chevron, itself. We have this confusion in this area that is very, very dangerous in terms of legislative authority, in terms of judicial authority.    Mr. Turley. That's a valid point. There's no question that the Federal Government has changed, and this is a new reality. I don't believe that that warrants the type of change that has been brought forth in Chevron. In fact, back in that day, the Framers were concerned with what was called the royal prerogative that James I, talked about, where he said that, really, passing legislation is just the beginning of the process, and that he uses his own logic to improve it. And the Framers rejected that. And I think Chevron creates a sort of an agency prerogative, where agencies treat legislation as just the start of the legislative process. I think that's dangerous for legislative authority.    Mr. Turley. I think that's a very valid point, again. But I do want to differ in one sense.    Mr. Turley. I believe it is practical in the sense that----    Mr. Turley. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Turley. Well, I would certainly agree to the extent that I believe that Chevron gives license for analysis that ignores the text. In fact, Chevron itself ignores the text of the APA, which is section 706. This body actually did a good job in saying, this is the function of the Court. If you read section 706, it makes abundant sense, and the Court simply ignored that language, and I think it's----    Mr. Turley. It's an excellent question. What I suggest in my testimony is that we may want to consider, both in terms of amending the APA to deal with the issuance of judicial review, but also the inclusion of what would effectively be a Chevron provision in laws that make it clear that this body is not delegating authority over issues like legal interpretation, certainly, not when it comes----    Mr. Turley. Well, I clearly disagree with aspects of the ACA ruling by the Supreme Court. We agree on that. I do think that you have the authority to do precisely that. I also thought that you have authority under congressional approval statute along the lines of the REINS Act. All of that, I think, is within the power of Congress.    I think what they have to do is, this body has to be aggressive in trying to get back this authority. The Court has made a colossal mess of this area, particularly on Chevron. I don't know anyone that would think that Chevron, at this point, that we have an absolute certainty on this--behind this table of what Chevron even means anymore, except that it insulates agencies from effective review.    Mr. Turley. Well, thank you very much for that question. I think that the danger itself is existential for the system. I happen to agree with many things that agencies do. But for us to pretend this isn't a new system with new dimensions of power and pathways is to ignore reality. Part of the frustration that your citizens have is they sense correctly that the center of gravity of the government has shifted away from them, that they are more the subject of government power than the source of government power. And I do think that that's a legitimate concern, and I think Chevron is part of it. If you want to deal with the independence of agencies, you have to deal with the insulation of agency decisions that is exposed to Chevron. But Chevron also captures this idea that the administrative state is a new reality. When we hear some of my colleagues talk, and they say, well, we have to assist the administrative state. And that's exactly what it is. It's becoming a state with legislative and judicial and executive powers combined. And I think that would horrify the Framers.    Mr. Turley. Well, it would not take--it would not dismantle the administrative state. And I think we all have to accept that there's going to be a role of the Federal agencies. This is part of this large government that we have. But it's a very important first step. I think the court should look at things like the REINS Act and other ways to force agency decisions to come back before Congress. But the most important thing about attacking Chevron is to tell courts that you are wrong. You can't just imply that we are delegating legislative authority to the agencies every time you have ambiguity, even on legal questions. And you certainly can't do that on a question of jurisdiction. That's why the City of Arlington case really is so chilling for me, is that we always assume that would be the rubicon, at least agencies wouldn't get deference on defining their own jurisdiction. And I think Congress needs to attack that very aggressively.    Mr. Turley. Well, there's an assumption of implied delegation that underlies many of these cases that I think is misplaced. It gives agencies, in my view, far much--too much insulation from review under the Chevron doctrine.    Mr. Turley. Yes. Yes, I think so.    Mr. Turley. Yes. I would qualify it in this one respect. Because I do agree with an earlier statement made that there are statutes that have gone to the courts that I don't consider to be ambiguous, that the interpretation has been yielded to Federal agencies, in my view, improperly by the courts. And I think that undermines both the judicial branch and the legislative branch.    Mr. Turley. Oh, I think that's certainly the case in many statutes.    Mr. Turley. I think that's an excellent point. I would qualify it in two respects where we may disagree. One is that part of the problem of the Chevron doctrine is that the Court is putting these layers of ambiguity on Chevron to the point that you have the deference, but the rationales change. And I think that's dangerous.    Second, I don't think Congress does imply delegation for legislative actions. I think that there are lots of reasons why there's ambiguities, but nobody here is suggesting that agencies shouldn't interpret. No one is suggesting that they shouldn't get a--that the Court should not defer to some extent. The question is the extent. And it certainly should not extend to legal reasoning or jurisdictional questions, some of the reach we've seen with Chevron. But agencies are going to be given a certain amount of weight. That was what happened under Skidmore. Chevron solved a problem that didn't exist in my view, and it's made it a lot worse.    Mr. Turley. Well, I think you're right about being generalists, but I would caution that the Framers believed that the structure of the system would actually help direct compromise, would help diffuse divisions by reaching majoritarian compromise. What has happened is that we've created this whole new bureaucracy of the administrative state which is answering those questions that are supposed to be answered here. Whether it's convenient or not, I think it has pretty dire consequences for our political system.    Mr. Turley. Thank you.