    Mr. Foster. Thank you, and I'd like to thank the whole Research and Technology Subcommittee, including the Chair, Congresswoman Comstock, and Ranking Member Lipinski for allowing me to join you here today. And similarly, I wanted to thank Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Johnson for agreeing to hold this hearing. And a very special thank you to the witnesses for taking their time out for this very important issue.    It is rare that prominent members of the scientific community come together to warn our leaders of technological breakthroughs that our legal system and society may not be prepared for, and yet, this is exactly what appears to be happening with recent discoveries in genetic editing tools.    As the last Ph.D. scientist in Congress, I am afraid I've served a sort of a lightning rod for many of these warnings and I take them very seriously.    I want to commend the National Academy of Sciences and the Institute of Medicine for the launch of their major initiative on human gene editing, and I want to make sure that Congress does everything constructive that it can to make sure that this is handled responsibly.    There is the possibility of very great benefits from these new technologies, and what makes them really revolutionary is what they can mean for humans, for example, replacing bone marrow of someone suffering from sickle cell disease with a modified version of their own marrow with the genetic defect removed.    However, if genetic modifications are made to so-called germline cells--these are sperm, eggs, embryos--then the modifications will be carried forward to future generations, which has implications that we need to carefully consider. We're on the verge of a technological breakthrough that could change the future of mankind and we must not blindly charge ahead.    Thank you, and I yield back my time.    Mr. Foster. Thank you, Madam Chair.    In addition to the international summit that you're having this fall it strikes me that a full-blown National Academies study may have merit to do a deeper dive into this. And so, Dr. Dzau, would a letter signed by Members of Congress, for example, help you in recruiting assistance for this sort of effort?    Mr. Foster. Okay. Just a quick question, today what's the rough cost and time to get a mouse model with a specific genetic modification? Does anyone--just roughly within a factor of two--you know, is it $10,000 or $5,000 or----    Mr. Foster. Well, when--so one of the things slowing down the application of this is a lot of--sort of two classes of worries about potential dangers. The first is so-called off-target effects where, in addition to the genetic modification you want, you get inadvertent modifications to the genome. And it's my understanding that the technology is evolving rapidly and that--I was just wondering if you--I'll ask you to go out on a limb I guess, and Dr. Doudna first, about--you know, if you just look at the rate of progress on this, what is the rough timescale where we can expect--where we might expect you'll be in a position that it could be used, you know, ``safely'' on humans?    Mr. Foster. Right, so no technological development there?    Mr. Foster. Okay. And then if I raise the stakes further to germline editing, is that something that may just never happen? It may never be reliable enough? Or is it a reasonable guess that within the next five years that you'll be able to validate the germline editing, that it has taken place correctly and with high enough confidence that--    Mr. Foster. Yeah. I'm trying to, you know, get some idea----    Mr. Foster. --of what the response time from Congress and our society has to be for that.    There's a second class of potential dangers having to do with just misunderstandings about what the effects of a specific genetic change will be on the characteristics of the adult organism. And, you know, over the spread of, you know, different things from simple conditions like sickle cell to complex things like, you know, personality, you know, what is your guess for the timescale that we're looking at there from right now to never?    Mr. Foster. Okay. Thank you. My timer has gone down. I yield back.    Mr. Foster. Thank you.    It's my understanding that very often there's a computing bottleneck in our ability to analyze genomes. And I guess, Dr. McNally, can you tell the Committee about some of the work you've done at Argonne----    Mr. Foster. --which is a facility shared by the Ranking Member and myself.    Mr. Foster. And--well, thank you. That's very interesting. I guess another application of federal investments that are having an unintended benefit.    I guess for Dr. Kahn, has anyone ever taken the bull by the horns and actually attempted to draft legislation or international treaties, you know, at regulating human genetic engineering or other genetic engineering in the environment?    Mr. Foster. All right, or even proposed--just--you know, lists enumeration of all of the issues that you have to resolve when you write rules.    Mr. Foster. I would appreciate that.    Mr. Foster. And do you understand right now if you're on a hospital ship in international waters, who's the regulator?    Mr. Foster. All the----    Mr. Foster. Okay. And I guess one last question. The issue of gene drives has entered the news and interestingly is with the potential to sort of take over the genome of an entire species in the wild in the course of, you know, a few dozens of generations. And so this obviously has huge environmental effects and has to be internationally regulated presumably because of, you know, insects don't normally, you know, obey national borders.    And so I was just wondering if that is an area where, for example, this Committee might interestingly have a separate branch of investigation that all of the applications of this technology to plants and animals in the wild and in the laboratory?    Yes, Dr. Dzau.    Mr. Foster. Okay. And so the charge is complete for the study or is it----    Mr. Foster. --ongoing? All right. I'd appreciate that. Thank you.    I yield back.