    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank you and Ranking Member Tonko for holding this hearing today.    Much has changed since the Nuclear Waste Policy Act became law in 1982, which allowed the Secretary of Energy to remove spent nuclear fuel from commercial nuclear power plants in exchange for fees and transported to a permanent geological repository. But I think the past three decades of the nuclear waste program might be best summed up this way: Lots of change but very little progress.    Unfortunately, the one thing that seems most resistant to change is the program's ongoing failure to the ratepayers, who have paid into the fund. That failure also applies to the taxpayers, who are now having to pay damages through the Judgment Fund administered by DOJ. In New Jersey, we have several operating nuclear reactors that provide carbon-free electricity, and this includes Oyster Creek, the Nation's oldest operating plant, which will soon stop providing power but will continue to provide a home to spent nuclear fuel long into the future unless we can come together on a plan to fix this program.    My point is this: I am not interested in litigating the wisdom of the administration's actions with regard to Yucca Mountain because that won't help move waste out of New Jersey, Illinois, New York, Michigan, or anywhere else anytime soon. I am, however, interested in making progress, and I hope this committee will put the ratepayer and taxpayer first and focus on efforts that can be enacted into law and that will move us forward over the next few years. I am encouraged by recent developments on potential consensus sites for interim storage in Texas and New Mexico, and we should look closely at the prospects they offer. That in no way means we should curtail our push for a permanent repository, but I do believe the best path forward is to work to identify steps we can take now to set the stage for real reform on permanent disposal in the future, regardless of where the disposal facility ends up being sited.    Again, thank you for holding this hearing. I look forward to hearing from our witnesses and working with all my colleagues, stakeholders, and the administration to put our Nation's nuclear waste program back on track.    And I would yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney.