    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Secretary Burwell, for being here today.    I was deeply disturbed by a recent Senate report that found the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which is part of your department, had billed out roughly $750 million in Obamacare subsidies to half a million people who were unable to prove their citizenship or lawful presence in our country.    These tax credits are solely to be used to purchase health insurance by United States citizens and those lawfully residing here. Instead, they were improperly distributed, and the Federal Government will likely never see a cent returned.    This report was just one of many reports that have recently come to light detailing the rapid fraud and waste under Obamacare mismanagement that hard working Americans have had to foot the bill for.    I have been working to fight illegal immigration for more than a decade now, and I find it extremely troubling that, at a time when our national debt is $19 trillion and counting, the Federal Government continues to throw money away with no regard for the consequences.    I would have a hard time explaining to families in my district, many of whom are struggling to put food on the table, as to why they should be helping to pay for the health expenses of someone who broke the law to get here and has no right to those Federal dollars.    Secretary Burwell, whose decision was it to prioritize illegal immigrants over American citizens?    Mr. Barletta. Am I correct in that the tax credits are used, if somebody cannot produce legal documents at the time, the tax credits are used until they can come back, it gives them an opportunity to come back and prove their legal status?    Mr. Barletta. Right. So, my question is after the 90 days, why then did the Federal Government not go back, why did we not go back to those people after we gave them the tax credits to get the money back of the tax credits that could have been used for someone else?    As the head of an agency that knows what it is like to scratch for every penny, please explain to me how the administration is going to make up to my constituents and ensure that three-quarters of a billion dollars is returned to the American taxpayers?    Mr. Barletta. We can count on that money coming back?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.