    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I think the question of is perfection the enemy, is good enough to get the job done, is something that we all wrestle with. And I also wrestle with, for example, cancelling the F-22 line before another plane is ready to go. I don't think that General Electric or any manufacturer in the world would stop one line of refrigerators before they had another line that had proven that it was capable of doing so.    I want to talk with you a little bit about the rapid acquisition process and the JSTARS , that E-8 platform flies out of Robbins Air Force Base. We have discussed for a long time the rapid acquisition process. And this is effectively a platform where the technology is ready to go. It is just a matter of getting the go-ahead if you will and the decision from the Department of Defense with regard to which platform they want to go with, and we are going to end up with an operational capability gap because of the depot maintenance that is going to be required on that platform, and there is not a battle management platform that can take its place going forward.    So, just if you could speak to why is there the delay when the Air Force knows what it wants, when they know the rapid acquisition process would save money, they know they have to field a new fleet, and the delay is actually going to result in an operational capability gap of a couple of years before full operational capability comes back, what factors contribute to programs being lengthened, even when they have those high levels of technological readiness for the major systems and subsystems?    Mr. Scott. Well, we already have some of that. We have the ability to plug and play, if you will, with certain camera systems and other things, and with respect as far as the Army, you said waiting to embrace, that is not my understanding from the Army. That platform flies continuously and has for approximately 20 years. We have got a problem with corrosion now. I mean, these planes are old. These are 707s, I think, from the 1970s that we have updated and updated and updated; and to send these units through another major round of depot maintenance, it would make much more sense to spend the money on totally new systems.    Mr. Scott. What about just the example of shutting down, for example, the C-17 line without another lift capability ready to go? I am out of time. I apologize. I yield.    The Chairman. Interesting questions. Mr. Castro.