    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Archuleta, let me come to you. You have been in your current position since 2013, is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. So in 2013 you, according to your testimony, made cyber security the highest priority. I think that is how you opened up your testimony, that the security of Federal employees was your highest priority. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So help me reconcile, then, if it is your highest priority, how, when the most recent IG's report that came out that took security from being a material weakness is how it was characterized before you got there, to significant deficiency, how would you reconcile highest priority and significant deficiency as being one and the same?    Mr. Meadows. But he did recognize it.    I only have five minutes, so I can't let you just ramble on with all of these things. So let me ask you how, if he recognized that, would he still characterize it as significant deficiencies?    Mr. Meadows. You have taken them seriously, so have you implemented all of them? Yes or no? Just yes or no.    Mr. Meadows. So have you implemented all of those?    Mr. Meadows. So you will implement all of them?    Mr. Meadows. Not looking. Will you implement? Can you assure the Federal workers that you are going to implement all the recommendations that the IG recommended to you, yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. I will take that as a no.    All right, so let me go on further, then, because I am very concerned that here we have not even notified most of the Federal employees. We have known about it. They continue to not be notified, and yet here you are saying that you have different priorities. Because when Chairman Chaffetz asked you about why did you not shut it down, you said, well, OPM has a number of other responsibilities. Is that correct? That was your answer to Chairman Chaffetz.    Mr. Meadows. So what you are saying is it was better that you supplied that and put Federal workers at risk versus making it, according to your words, the highest priority to make sure that the information was not compromised. If it is your highest priority, why didn't you shut it down like Mr. Chaffetz asked and like was recommended? Why didn't you shut it down?    Mr. Meadows. So, in your opinion, protecting Federal workers then could not have been your highest priority, because there were competing, I guess, priorities, and you said it was better that you continued on with the others versus protecting the Federal workforce.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. There is a quote that says what we occasionally have to look at, no matter how beautiful the strategy, we have to occasionally look at the results. And the results here are pretty profound that we have security risks all over. And I would encourage you to take it a little bit more serious and, indeed, make it your highest priority.    I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.