    Mr. Blum. Thank you, Chairman Price.    And thank you to our distinguished panel of economists. As I sit today looking at you all, I am reminded of Harry Truman's famous line of asking to be sent a one-armed economist, because he grew tired of economists saying, ``On the other hand.'' So I have not heard that much today, so much to your credit.    Dr. Cochrane, the grumpy economist, I guess, to be called, people have said that politics has become a joyless profession. I didn't know economics was the same.    Our economy, as someone said in their opening remarks, is growing at 50 percent of the post-World War II average--50 percent. What do you think is holding back the economy?    Mr. Blum. Give me some of those grains of sand, briefly.    Mr. Blum. Dr. Holtz-Eakin, this is somewhat of a lightning round. I have got six quick questions for you. They are all about growing the economy.    Would reducing the corporate tax rate----    Mr. Blum . Which is the highest of developed nations, would it help grow the economy?    Mr. Blum. Would reducing the regulations on the private sector help grow our economy?    Mr. Blum. Yeah. Absolutely.    Mr. Blum. Would reducing uncertainty in the private sector help grow the economy?    Mr. Blum. Would reducing deficits help grow the economy?    Mr. Blum. Would fully developing all American energy resources help grow this economy?    Mr. Blum. Would enacting tort reform--we are the most litigious society in the world--help grow the economy?    Mr. Blum. Well, that was quick. Thank you for your answers.    My last question, Dr. Bernstein. If we continue to increase our debt as a percentage of GDP, what is going to happen 10 years from now, 20 years from now? Because I think the American public, they hear us all talk about this, and they say: Hey, the sky hasn't fallen today, I don't see any negative impact of this, doesn't seem nearly as bad as everyone says.    What is going to happen.    Mr. Blum. What will happen? What will happen? What can I tell my constituents?    Mr. Blum. Thank you. I yield back the time I do not have.