    Mr. Cook. The hearing will come to order. The subcommittee today meets to receive testimony on the Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force budget requests for combat aircraft programs for fiscal year 2016.    I would like to welcome our distinguished panel of witnesses today, Vice Admiral Paul Grosklags, Principal Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Research Development and Acquisition. And we just had a hearing once again. So we are wearing you out, Admiral. Lieutenant General Jon M. Davis, Deputy Commandant of the Marine Corps for Aviation; Rear Admiral Michael C. Manazir, Director of Air Warfare Division for the U.S. Navy; Major General Timothy M. Ray, Director, Global Power Programs; and Lieutenant General Mike Holmes, Air Force Deputy Chief of Staff for Plans and Requirements.    First of all, I thank you for all your service and look forward to the testimony today.    As we review the fiscal year budget request for combat aviation forces, it is clear the Budget Control Act of 2011 continues to force the military to make short-time decisions that have long-term consequences on our national security.    It is clear that the combat aviation programs of the Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force are confronted by tradeoffs in capability, capacity, and readiness. Capabilities are those modernization programs that provide the systems necessary to defeat current and future threats. Capacity is the ability to retain sufficient force structure to meet current and future requirements. And readiness is the training in these systems.    The Navy and Marine Corps are facing shortfalls in fighter aircraft for fiscal year 2016. The Navy deferred 16 F-35s in the future defense program, trading capability for today's readiness. The Navy has truncated its procurement of F/A-18E/F aircraft, also trading capacity for readiness.    Now the Navy will be 134 aircraft below its requirements of fighter aircraft in the 2020 timeframe, with an average of about 100 aircraft short between now and 2020. If we assume that a shortfall of 65 aircraft will be manageable for the Navy, this leaves the Navy short about 35 aircraft, or 3 squadrons of strike fighters.    Last year, the Air Force canceled the F-16's combat avionics program extension, or CAPES. CAPES would have equipped the block 40, 42, 50, and 52 fleets with new radars and defense systems that increase survivability against emerging threats. This trade was made to meet today's readiness requirements. This year, as it did last year, the Air Force is proposing to retire over half of its A-10 fleet, reducing fighter capacity below the Air Force's 2,000-aircraft requirement.    Increasing the OCO funding request to offset the solution is something that you have seen in the papers, on the news. There was a critical vote taken last night. I am proud to say I think it went the right way. We didn't get the complete fix that many people, such as myself, wanted. But this is a beginning. And, of course, the ideal solution from my standpoint is to repeal the sequester.    But this is not going to happen with the deal. But as I said, we did get part of the pie. And we've got to continue this. And much of your testimony, many of you have been here before. And it is not just this committee that has to hear this, it is the rest of Congress. I am concerned that this budget request will reduce both capacity and, in our strike fighter forces, affect readiness and result in a higher risk in achieving military objectives in the future.    I look forward to our service witness testimony today, which I hope will expand on the risks associated with the capacity and capability reductions in our combat aviation forces.    I was going to turn to Ms. Sanchez. I think she is running a little late. But when she is--when she gets here, I will ask her to make an opening statement as the ranking member.    And without objection, all witnesses' prepared statements will be included in the hearing record.    Admiral Grosklags, will you please proceed with your opening statement, followed by the rest of the panel as we go down. Thank you.    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Admiral.    General Davis.    General Davis. Admiral Grosklags spoke for the Department, sir.    Mr. Cook. Thank you.    Admiral.    Mr. Cook. Okay. General.    General Holmes. Thank you, Chairman Cook, ladies and gentlemen of the committee. Thank you for your continued support to your United States Air Force, our airmen, and their families. I greatly appreciate the opportunity to address the subcommittee today. And I would like to start with a few opening remarks, and then we will ask that our full written testimony be placed in the record. And thank you for agreeing to that.    Our Air Force remains the most globally engaged Air Force on the planet. And we continue to do our best every day to deliver global vigilance, global reach, and global power for America. However, after more than 25 years of sustained combat operations and years of constrained budgets, it has become more difficult to achieve our mission.    The President's fiscal year 2016 budget and the budget levels there take some steps to improve the situation. But our ability to meet the objectives of the national defense strategy is increasingly at risk. The President's budget levels work to maximize the contributions of our total force, Guard, Reserve, and Active; reinforce investments in nuclear deterrents and space control operations; emphasize global long-range and non-permissive capabilities; and preserve the Air Force's top three procurement programs, the F-35, the KC-46, and the long-range strike bomber.    It also gives us the ability to halt reduction us in total force end strength and relieve pressure on our most important weapon, our airmen, continue efforts to regain full-spectrum readiness, and lay the groundwork for future innovation efforts with seed investments.    After subtracting pass-through, the Air Force share of the 2016 defense budget is roughly 22 percent. Within this share of defense resources, the Air Force submission attempts to balance risk driven by shortfalls in capacity, readiness, and modernization that you describe well, Mr. Chairman, to provide global vigilance, reach, and power in support of the defense strategy both today and in the future.    Shortfalls in capacity mean we must accept some risk in our ability to do everything we are expected to do. And the first of many difficult capacity decisions is the decision to divest the A-10. There is no question that the A-10 has been a steady and stellar performer in recent conflicts. Nevertheless, our current force structure is simply unaffordable in today's fiscal environment.    Consistent with fiscal year 2015 Department of Defense guidance to accept risk in current force structure and favor multi-role aircraft to satisfy Defense Strategic Guidance, the fiscal year 2016 Presidential budget again reflects the hard choice to divest the A-10. Divesting the entire A-10 fleet frees up $4.7 billion across the Future Years Defense Program , providing funding for priority capacity, capability, and readiness needs.    Next, budget realities have forced the Air Force to make the decision to reduce the EC-130 Compass Call fleet by nearly half after fiscal year 2015, providing a $470 million savings across the FYDP that we have applied toward enterprise capability upgrades.    While the Air Force will maintain essential capabilities to support current combat operations, this decision is not without risk. Once the fleet size drops to eight aircraft in fiscal year 2016, we will only be able to support our current operational obligations.    We face another significant capacity challenge in preferred munitions, for 3 years of constrained budgets have left the Air Force thousands of weapons short in both air-to-surface and air-to-air weapon inventories. To begin to address these munitions capacity shortfalls, the fiscal year 2016 President's budget provides $1.8 billion in fiscal year 2016 and $7.3 billion over the FYDP to increase procurement rates.    As we attempt to balance these capacity demands, we continue to face shortfalls in readiness that are the result of previous funding gaps and sustained high operations tempo. The strain on training programs, weapon systems sustainment, and deployed-to-dwell rates directly impacts our ability to provide fully mission-ready units to the combatant commanders. These readiness shortfalls continue to exacerbate the capacity shortfalls.    In addition to shortfalls in capacity and readiness, the Air Force faces shortfalls in critical capabilities. This means potential adversaries are closing the capability gaps that separate the U.S. military from potential foes. And this narrowed capability gap adds future risk to both mission and forces.    The Air Force's fighter fleet is approaching an average age of 30 years, the oldest in the history of the Air Force. The fourth generation F-15s and F-16s that comprise the majority of our fighter fleet require upgrades to both extend their lifespan and provide the combat capability required to prevail in today's increasingly contested environments.    The advanced capabilities of our fifth generation fighters, the F-22 and F-35, are critical to ensure our ability to fight and win in contested environments. And divesting the A-10 allows us to invest $4.9 billion across the FYDP in F-16 and F-15 modernization and service life extensions, and $600 million across the FYDP to ensure we maintain the operational superiority of the F-22 against rapidly improving threats.    The multi-role F-35A is the centerpiece of our future fighter precision attack capability. It is designed to penetrate air defenses and deliver precision-guided munitions in an increasingly contested threat environment. The FY16 PB includes $6.7 billion for procurement and development of 44 F-35As.    Two decades of continual operations, coupled with constrained and unstable budgets, have taken their toll on our Air Force and our airmen. In anticipation of even greater challenges, we have developed a strategy-driven, resource-informed plan to guide the way our service organizes, trains, and equips to prepare for future operations. Our revised strategic planning and programming process will look beyond the FYDP, out to 20 years into the future, allowing us to identify and shape decisions in advance to provide agile and adaptable weapon systems and processes.    Our fiscal year 2016 budget takes steps to balance the many challenges we face in capacity, capability, and readiness. Any return to sequestration-level funding will directly impact all three areas, leaving us smaller, less ready, with less of an advantage over our potential adversaries.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen of the committee, for your continued support of our Air Force and the opportunity to discuss with you as we work together to face these challenges.    We look forward to your questions. And with your permission, I will yield to my colleague, Major General Ray, for a few comments.    General Ray. Thank you, Chairman Cook, and members of the committee. My apologies for General Pawlikowski's inability to make it here today. So I will be testifying on her behalf.    It is an honor to be here. And I thank you for the opportunity to testify before the committee on the subject of aircraft modernization, an area that is critical to the future of our Air Force and our Nation. It is also an honor to share the witness table with my fellow airmen--Lieutenant General Holmes, and certainly, my colleagues from the Department of the Navy.    General Holmes described for you the challenges the Air Force faces in achieving our mission with years of constrained budgets. He shared with you the choices we made to balance capacity, readiness, and modernization. I would like to focus my remarks on modernization.    Given the current budget realities, we must make wise fiscal decisions that allow us to remain the premier air force in the world. These decisions must include how best to modernize the existing fleet, while sustaining our ability to keep the aircraft development programs we have on record on track.    Now more than ever, we must continue investing in the science and technology in modernizing our capabilities. Our fiscal year 2016 budget reflects the Air Force priorities in these areas. Our Air Force fighter force modernization continues to place a priority on continuing the development of the F-35, and the fiscal year 2016 budget requests a purchase of 44 aircraft.    The budget also includes modernization efforts for the F-22 for improved air-to-ground capabilities and capabilities to counter the advancing threat with improved electronic protection and air-to-air missile capabilities. We will also invest approximately $2.2 billion across the FYDP for the F-15 fleet. This includes service life extensions, integration of the latest precision weapons, and greater modernizations. For the F-16, we will invest approximately $1 billion across the service on the service life extension, operational flight program enhancements, and upgrades to the mission processors.    We have also included recapitalization of the Joint STARS fleet and continue the combat rescue helicopter. Another focus area is our effort to overcome shortfalls in our munitions inventories, as General Holmes mentioned.    The fiscal year 2016 President's budget makes important investments in science and technology . We continue to focus our S&T investments on technologies that will enable us to modernize our capabilities while exploring game-changing technologies for the future. The current global security environment is more complex, dynamic, and uncertain than ever before. Our adversaries are developing technologies and capabilities that attempt to shape and deter our Nation.    We recognize we cannot maintain our edge through technology alone. It will require fresh thinking, innovation regarding how we acquire and manage our acquisition process. The Air Force strategic vision, ``A Call to the Future,'' speaks to our need for strategic agility, which means our modernization efforts must provide us the ability to rapidly act.    Toward that end, our acquisition enterprise is pursuing agile techniques, such as open systems, modularity, designing in resiliency, prototyping and experimentation. In particular, we will capitalize on these techniques in the Joint STARS recap and our new trainer, the T-X.    Finally, we will continue our focus on affordability. Affordable systems are critical to providing the right balance between capacity and modernization. In conclusion, our modernization efforts are critical to the future of the Air Force. We believe that we have made prudent investments in modernization, while continuing a strong science and technology investment. We must constantly strive to be better stewards of taxpayers resources, making every dollar count in achieving maximum buying power for our investments.    We must continue to institute service-wide efficiencies that will capitalize on innovative concepts, keep weapon systems on track, and build affordability into new systems.    Mr. Chairman with your committee's help, working together, we will remain the world's greatest air, space, and cyber force. We look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Cook. Well, I want to thank the panel very much.    And at this time, I would like to welcome the ranking member, Ms. Sanchez, who has joined us. And she has an opening statement, I believe.    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Ms. Sanchez.    General Davis, a report on Monday of this week by Bloomberg said that flight testing of software essential to delivering the plane's promised capabilities was supposed to be completed last month, but now may take until mid June. And that deficiency will be fixed later this year and aren't severe enough to delay the Marine Corps' declaration.    General Bogdan is quoted as saying the service understands the limitation and has operational workarounds to ensure they have the capability they need. What are those limitations, and what is the operational impact if the Marine Corps declares its F-35 initial operational capability this summer?    General Davis. Mr. Chairman, thanks for letting me answer.    First off, the F-35 for us, for our Nation, for our Marine Corps, is going to give us a fifth-generation, first-day capability, the ability to go take off from amphibious ships and also land on 3,000-foot ships. So wherever our marines are fighting, they get the--a great combat capability. In a lot of ways, more than--a lot more than we have today with our legacy fleet.    I will answer a couple things. And actually, if I could, to Congresswoman Sanchez's question, as well, on the engine. Because I think that is applicable as well. The engine we are seeing right now is very reliable. We got 10,000 hours on the motor. We did have one problem last summer that we believe we have corrected. I talked to the pilots and the squadron commanders who were flying this airplane last night. A very reliable motor from our perspective, to include the lift fan.    On the fusion capability, we talked about--and the software capability you talked about--we are seeing--we are tracking about 13 different categories inside our program to make sure that we have got this thing on track. From the fusion, in the software, we are actually seeing what we need and tracking for what we need to declare initial operating capability in July of this year.    We still have more test points to get. We take it to the ship in May. And we won't declare IOC until we have all those conditions met for this airplane. But on the software side, one of the complaint--one of the things is four-ship fusion. We do have some issues right now with four-ship fusion. That is four airplanes in the missionary data link that would share information together real-time.    What we don't have--we found out we do have a problem with some latency with the four-ship fusion. But we do not have a problem with two-ship fusion. So right now, ship one and two and ship three and four can share information very, very readily. It is something we can't do today. So it is a combat capability we don't have today that we do have now with this airplane. And we are sharing information between the first section and the second section through Link 16. That is working very well for us.    The close air support software is actually working very well. We are able to, by working through the APG-81 radar, take a bomb through the clouds, which we can't do right now. So doing close air support through the clouds. We are able to take voice nine-line briefs. And also, with our 2B software on-track for a VMF data link to basically take the CAS briefs through the VMF.    The software through the EOTS, which is our Electro-Optical Targeting System, is allowing us to actually do night close air support, track moving targets, and also have better fidelity than our FLIR , than our LITENING Pod in our legacy aircraft right now.    So many--the ALIS system, we talked about the software as well, again, that is tracking as per what we need for an IOC. With one workaround, which is a--requiring a human, a contractor, to use a laptop computer for the propulsion system modifications. The mission data files, we will know more on that. We just got our first area of responsibility on data load now. And we are going to test that this--this month out at the weapon school out in Yuma, Arizona. So we are going out there. I will be out there tonight. But our pilots will fly for 30 days testing that mission data file.    So on the software side, what we are seeing--and I talked to the squadron commanders and the guys that were flying it last night in preparation for today's testimony to give you ground truth with the pointy end of the spear. They are very, very comfortable with what they have got right now. As good marines, they would always want more. But we are seeing actually an improved combat capability from what we have in legacy today, much better. And we think we have got a good software load, stable software load for this airplane to declare an IOC.    Mr. Cook. Thank you. I was gonna throw it open to the panel, whether they wanted to also address the issue of the single engine. And Ms. Sanchez also raised some other subjects. So we can break it down right now. If anybody wants to jump in right now, feel free.    Mr. Cook. Thank you. Mr. Norcross.    Mr. Cook. Thank you. Yes, Ms. McSally.    Mr. Cook. Thank you. Ms. Sanchez.    Mr. Cook. Gentlemen, I don't mean to interrupt. But I am going to ask that you kind of shorten your answers, because we had a quorum called and then 15 minutes and then we are going to have to have votes. So everyone else, if you could kind of make it shorter. Okay? As I said, I apologize and I----    Mr. Cook. There is going to be a test after this. We will see if you pass.    Mr. Knight.    Mr. Cook. Quick.    Mr. Cook. Thank you. Mr. Veasey.    Mr. Cook. And they have counted--called votes.    Mr. Cook. Thank you.    Mr. Cook. Mr. Graves, last question.    Mr. Cook. Thank you very much. You know, I just want to thank the panel. I had to speed up things because of the votes and everything. I had a few questions. They were not five-syllable-word questions. Since I am an infantry officer they were all going to be one-syllable ones. But I am sure I am going to see you again.    And I do, once again, want to thank you very much. We were constrained. We had a lot of people, other committees. And I know you come over here and as I said, I appreciate your patience and indulgence, but most of all for your professionalism and for doing what you do. So stay safe, keep the troops safe, and we all thank you so much.    This meeting is adjourned. Thank you.