    Chairman Smith. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will come to order.    Chairman Smith. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time, and welcome to today's hearing titled ``The President's U.N. Climate Pledge: Scientifically Justified or a New Tax on Americans?''    Let me recognize myself for an opening statement, then I will recognize the Ranking Member, then I will introduce the witnesses, and let me say that because I was late I didn't have an opportunity to say hello to each of you individually but we very much appreciate your expertise and your presence as well.    Last June, the Obama Administration proposed sweeping new electricity regulations. Now, despite heavy and growing opposition to the proposal, the Administration seeks to commit America to costly new requirements that won't improve the environment. The President has promised the United Nations that the United States will cut its greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 28 percent over the next decade and by 80 percent or more by 2050. He is attempting to write large checks we simply cannot cash.    The pledge was made in preparation for a U.N. summit in Paris this December aimed at producing an international agreement that would impose legally binding requirements on the United States for the next decades. But all of this activity, at home and abroad, disregards the concerns of the majority in Congress and many states. The President's attempt to justify his actions with an alarmist, one-sided focus on worst-case scenarios establishes a poor foundation for sound policymaking.    When President Obama took office, he had an opportunity to work with a Democrat-controlled House and Senate to create climate legislation. But that effort failed because opposition to costly climate regulation crosses party lines. Congress has repeatedly rejected the President's extreme climate agenda. So the Administration instead has taken the unprecedented step of attempting to create laws on his own and twist environmental regulations in ways Congress never intended. Now the Administration has packaged up all these regulations and promised their implementation to the United Nations, but the President's Power Plan is nothing more than a power grab.    Environmental laws can't trump the Constitution. They can't give the federal government the right to regulate the daily lives of citizens within their homes. Regardless of what the President may try to claim, Congress has not given him or the Environmental Protection Agency the authority to rewrite laws.    Opposition to the President's agenda is widespread and continues to grow. At least 32 different states are openly opposed to the plan and many now consider the possibility of refusing to enact his edicts at all. The majority of the members of the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate are opposed, and numerous organizations that are concerned about the cost and reliability of America's electric grid have issued dire warnings about the likely impacts of the President's plan. And the EPA's models show there will be no real climate benefits.    Whether that plan can stand up to legal scrutiny will take years to sort out. The legality of President Obama's unilateral action certainly will not be known when climate negotiators set out to create binding international rules in Paris later this year. The President's far-reaching proposals and international promises will do lasting damage to our Nation, all for little to no environmental benefit. In fact, the pledge to the U.N. is estimated to prevent only a .03 percent Centigrade temperature rise, and in testimony before this Committee, former Assistant Secretary for Energy, the Honorable Charles McConnell, noted that the President's Clean Power Plan would reduce sea-level rise by less than half the thickness of a dime. Meanwhile, middle and lower income American families will be hit hardest as energy costs inevitably rise.    The President's pledge to the U.N. hinges on a questionable and unclear plan. The commitment submitted two weeks ago lacks details about how we will achieve such goals without burdening our economy and it fails to quantify the specific climate benefits tied to the promise.    Today is April 15th, Tax Day. It is a day that many Americans dread. As more Americans feel squeezed by rising costs, flat wages, and rising taxes, we should ask ourselves: can we really afford another extreme and expensive mandate? We will never reach the President's arbitrary targets, which would increase electricity costs, ration energy, and slow economic growth. Such severe measures will have no discernable impact on global temperatures. They will make the government bigger and Americans poorer.    I expect today's hearing will demonstrate that the President's U.N. climate pledge is destructive to the American economy and would produce no substantive environmental benefits.    Chairman Smith. That concludes my opening statement, and the gentlewoman from Texas, the Ranking Member, Eddie Bernice Johnson, is recognized for hers.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    Our first witness is Dr. Judith Curry, Professor and former Chair of the School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences at the Georgia Institute of Technology, and President of Climate Forecast Applications Network. Dr. Curry performs extensive research that focuses on air and sea interactions, climate feedback processes associated with clouds and sea ice, and the climate dynamics of hurricanes. Dr. Curry also serves on the NASA Advisory Council Earth Science Subcommittee and the Department of Energy Biological and Environmental Research Advisory Committee. She recently served on the National Academy's Climate Research Committee, the Space Studies Board, and the NOAA Climate Working Group. Dr. Curry received her Ph.D. in atmospheric science from the University of Chicago.    Our next witness is Ms. Karen Harbert, President and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's Institute for 21st Century Energy. Ms. Harbert leads efforts to build support for meaningful energy action through policy development, education and advocacy. Under her leadership, the Institute established the groundbreaking Index of Energy Security Risk and the International Index of Energy Security Risk, the first tools to quantify America's energy security on an annual basis. Before joining the Chamber, Ms. Harbert served as the Assistant Secretary for Policy and International Affairs at the Department of Energy. She was the Primary Policy Advisor to the Secretary of Energy and to the Department on domestic and international energy issues. She also served as Vice Chairman of the International Energy Agency, which advises its 28 member nations on energy policy issues and orchestrates international responses to energy supply disruptions. Ms. Harbert received her bachelor's degree in international policy studies and political science from Rice University.    Our third witness is Mr. Jake Schmidt, the Director of the International Program at the National Resources Defense Council. Mr. Schmidt has 14 years of experience in international climate policy with a focus on climate change, clean energy, biogems, and sustainable development in India, Latin America, Canada, and at the international level. He leads NRDC's policy development and advocacy on international climate change including through climate negotiations and direct work with key countries around the world. Mr. Schmidt holds a bachelor's degree in economics from Muhlenberg College and a master's degree in environmental policy with a certificate in ecological economics from the University of Maryland.    Our final witness is Dr. Margo Thorning, Senior Vice President and Chief Economist for the American Council for Capital Formation and Director of Research for its public policy think tank. She also serves as the Managing Director of the International Council for Capital Formation. Dr. Thorning is an internationally recognized expert on tax, environmental and competitiveness issues. Dr. Thorning has made presentations on the economic impact of climate change policy at forums in China, India, the European Union, and Russia. In addition, she recently made a presentation titled ``Investing in Energy and Industrial Development: Challenges and Opportunities'' at a U.N. Commission on Sustainable Development meeting. Prior to joining the American Council for Capital Formation, Dr. Thorning served at the Department of Energy, the Department of Commerce, and the Federal Trade Commission. Dr. Thorning received her bachelor's degree from Texas Christian University, her master's degree in economics from the University of Texas, and her Ph.D. in economics from the University of Georgia.    We welcome you all. You are clearly all experts, and it is just coincidental that two of you all have degrees from Texas universities, but that is nice to see.    Dr. Curry, we will begin with you.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Curry, and Ms. Harbert.    Hon. Harbert. Thank you, Chairman Smith and the Ranking Members of the Committee. I want to make four points today regarding the Obama Administration's Intended Nationally Determined Contribution to the UNFCC.    First, the U.N.--the U.S. INDC lacks basic information to allow a rigorous assessment of the goal. The commitment is long on promises but short on data needed for a proper assessment. Nowhere does it explain how the Administration intends to get to its 26 to 28 percent reduction target. The Administration's math just doesn't add up. We estimate that the announced and forthcoming regulations out of EPA including EPA's Clean Power Plan still leave between 500 and 600 million tons or more of the Administration's commitment still unaccounted for, and without a sector-by-sector breakdown, we just don't know how the Administration expects to achieve its target.    Indeed, yesterday EPA Air Administrator McCabe acknowledged in House testimony that they have yet to do a comprehensive modeling of all of the regulations that constitute this proposal, and surprisingly, nowhere in the INDC is there any reference to industrial emission. It is hard to imagine getting there without addressing the industrial sector. EPA's current budget proposal notes the Agency will soon begin considering new regulations on the refining, pulp and paper sector, iron and steel sector, livestock, and cement sectors, so there is more to come.    It is also difficult to see how this plan can be sold to the international community, especially given the uncertain legal foundation upon which it rests. In its Utility Air Regulatory Group v. EPA ruling, the Supreme Court warned EPA against using ``unheralded power to regulate a significant portion of the American economy.'' This certainly constitutes a significant portion of the American economy. Thirty-two states have now raised legal objections to it, and the first case will appear before the Supreme Court tomorrow, and EPA Air Administrator McCabe said yesterday they do expect litigation to last for years.    Secondly, the commitments are hugely unequal. If the world is serious about reducing greenhouse gas emissions, then developing countries will have to take on huge commitments. However, indications are that that is not happening. China provides a very useful example. It has pledged to peak its carbon emission around 2030 and to increase its share of non-fossil-fuel consumption to around 20 percent is business as usual. In fact, in the International Energy Agency's most recent outlook, which was released before China and the United States made this announcement, it actually models the Chinese proposals and policies currently in place and comes to the same conclusion, which is, they will peak just around 2030. This is nothing new. ExxonMobil's forecast confirms the same.    To put a finer point on it, yesterday in testimony here, the Arkansas Cooperative Executive that testified in front of the House said that the most advanced coal-fired power plant today in America is in Arkansas, the Turk power plant. Under EPA's proposal, it will close. In China, on the other hand, they have 46 of these plants, and under their proposal they can now build 44 more of these plants. India has declined to make a very aggressive proposal before Paris, and the Russian Federation's proposal actually allows it to increase its emission compared to the 2012 level.    Third, the Administration's plan is all pain. It is poised to be one of the most costly and burdensome regulations and rulemakings and proposals ever. Its own analysis suggests that electricity prices will go up 6 to seven percent by 2020 and up to 12 percent in other locations, and compliance costs could rise to about $8-1/2 billion by 2030. That is on top of what EIA released yesterday, which is an 18 percent increase in electricity rates between now and 2040 without the Administration's Clean Power Plan. NERA, an economic consulting firm, did another analysis which said it is probably going to increase more like 12 percent, and compliance costs would be much higher than EPA forecasts. We should take note of that because EPA has been wrong in the past. For their proposal of mercury air toxins reductions, which they promulgated in 2012, they estimated that there would be 5 gigawatts of coal-fired generation retired. Today, it is actually 50 gigawatts attributed to that rule, a factor of 10.    And fourth, the Administration's plan has no gain. It is important to note that despite all of these costs, EPA admits under the Clean Power Plan that the heart of this will have no discernible impact on the environment, and that is because of carbon leakage as U.S. energy-intensive industries move to other countries and deprive us of revenue, tax revenue, and employment. Our diverse electricity sector, which has afforded us very affordable energy as opposed to other parts around the world, will actually be taken away from us.    Conclusion: We need the industry that is investing here, the chemical industry, the manufacturing industry, the steel and pulp and paper industry, but those industries may move. We need a predictable environment, and this actually upends the predictable environment of investing in America, which is bad for the American economy.    Thank you very much.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Harbert.    And Mr. Schmidt.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Schmidt.    Dr. Thorning.    Chairman Smith. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Thorning.    I will recognize myself for five minutes for questions.    And, Dr. Curry, let me address my first one to you.    Earlier this year, NASA claimed that 2014 was the warmest year on record, and then they put in a footnote a disclaimer that they were actually only 38 percent sure that that was the case, less than 50/50. That's amazing. But quite frankly, you seldom hear disclaimers from the so-called experts who always seem to be 100 percent certain that they are right. Actually, as you know, the scientific method itself actually says that we should continue to question and challenge our hypotheses, not just assume we're 100 percent right. So in many instances I'm thinking these so-called scientists really aren't acting very scientifically.    But in any case, I have a couple quick questions for you. One is that the President keeps talking about or keeps trying to connect human-caused climate change to extreme weather examples such as hurricanes and wildfires, and he keeps being contradicted by his own Administration officials. Why he keeps doing it, I don't know. But who is right, the President or others who say there's really no demonstrable connection between these extreme weather events like hurricanes and wildfires and human-caused climate change?    Chairman Smith. Yes.    Chairman Smith. It's regrettable that we have the political leader of our country saying statements that we have reason to believe he must know are not accurate, so I thank you for your comment on that.    Another question is that the two percent increase in global temperature is often seized upon as a tipping point, and if the temperature increases by two percent, all kinds of dire consequences will result. Is there anything magic about two percent. Where did we get that figure? Is it arbitrary or is there some scientific validity to 2 percent and not 2.5 or not 1.5 or something like that?    Chairman Smith. Yes.    Chairman Smith. And thank you for that. And by the way, just as a side comment, the experts that make predictions as to what's going to happen 85 years from now or 100 years from now and are absolutely certain that that's going to occur, whatever those dire consequences are, the only thing I will say about a 100-year prediction is that it's not going to be what is predicted. And it's too bad that again the scientists are actually not using the scientific method on that.    Ms. Harbert, let me ask you, you did a great job of going through those countries and what they are contributing or not contributing to the UN Treaty, but going back to China for a second, we have heard this from--we have heard the promises that we have recently heard from China for years and years and years and they never really come through on those promises. Is there any reason for us to believe that China is suddenly going to do what it claims it's going to do and much of what it claims it's going to do isn't going to occur for years from now? Why should we be suspicious about some of these countries' commitments?    Hon. Harbert. Well, China's priority is economic growth. And we look at all of the forecasts and China's economy is beginning to slow down. If you look at the International Energy Agency's World Energy Outlook, they forecast a slowdown which would actually show that China's emissions will peak just around the 2030 time frame, which is what they agreed to in this announcement. Now, let's be clear. This was an announcement. This was not an agreement; this was not any type of binding commitment that the United States and China agreed to in the visit to Beijing.    I think it's highly unlikely that we will see anything happen before that. China is building coal-fired power capacity faster than we are. They are building lots of things faster than we are. And we're looking at an emissions trajectory that was going to peak at the time frame they are agreeing to. So this is business as usual. They had already agreed to the renewables targets. They had already agreed to everything in that agreement they had already put down on paper before.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you.    And with the indulgence of my colleagues, I'm going to try to squeeze in one more question even though my time is up and that's to Dr. Thorning.    Dr. Thorning, you're aware of this, but President Obama, when he was in law school, had as a professor a well-known constitutional expert by the name of Laurence Tribe. Recently, Professor Tribe testified, ``The EPA is attempting to exercise lawmaking power that belongs to Congress and judicial power that belongs to the Federal courts.'' He added that, ``Burning the Constitution should not become part of our national energy policy,'' amazing statement with which I happen to agree.    Well, both Ms. Harbert and you have mentioned the litigation that is out there. What happens if the clean power rule is thrown out, as many legal experts, including Professor Tribe, expect?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you all for your answers today.    And the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, is recognized for questions.    Chairman Smith. Without objection.    Chairman Smith. That will be made a part of the record but I don't know if that's necessary since you read it all.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Lofgren.    And the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Palmer.    The gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, is recognized.    I'm sorry. We will go back to the gentlewoman from Oregon, Ms. Bonamici is recognized. I didn't realize you had returned.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bonamici.    And the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Neugebauer.    The gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you. Mr. Beyer, those were good questions.    By the way, you mentioned head in the sand. The best example I know of head in the sand is the Los Angeles Times announcing a policy that they will no longer cover climate change skeptics, nor will they publish letters to the editor on the subject.    I not going to ask you whether you agree or disagree because I have a hunch you might agree that we need to be open-minded and continue to challenge our hypotheses. But----    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    The gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Bridenstine.    The gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Westerman, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Westerman.    And the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Posey.    The gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Moolenaar, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Moolenaar.    The gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Massie, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Okay and----    Chairman Smith. Thank you both.    And the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Babin, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Babin. And the gentleman, Mr. Palmer, is recognized to put something into the record here.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Without objection, that will be made a part of the record as well.    Chairman Smith. We have no other Members to ask questions, and so before we adjourn, I just want to thank all four of you again for your testimony today. It has just been outstanding. We appreciate the time and effort you contributed to this hearing. And stay in touch with us. Thank you all.    We stand adjourned.