    Mr. Esser. Chairwoman, Chairman, Ranking Members, and Members of the Committee, good afternoon. My name is Michael Esser and I am the Assistant Inspector General for audits at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management. Thank you for inviting me to testify at today's hearing on the IT security work done by my office at OPM.    OPM has a long history of systemic failures to properly manage its IT infrastructure, which may have ultimately led to the recent data breaches. We are pleased to see that the agency is taking steps to improve its IT security posture but many challenges still lay ahead.    To begin, I would like to discuss some of the findings from our annual audits under the Federal Information Security Management Act, known as FISMA. We have identified three general areas of concern which are discussed in detail in my written testimony.    The first area is information security governance. This is the management structure and processes that form the foundation of a successful security program. It is vital to have a centralized governance structure. OPM has made improvements in this area but it is still working to recover from years of decentralization.    The second area is security assessments and authorizations. This is a comprehensive assessment of each IT system to ensure that it meets the applicable security standards before allowing the system to operate. Our 2014 FISMA audit found that 11 of OPM's 47 major systems were operating without a valid authorization. Because of actions taken by the CIO in April 2015 we expect this number to more than double by the end of fiscal year 2016.    The third area is technical security controls. OPM has implemented a variety of controls to make the agency's IT systems more secure. However, these tools must be used properly and must cover the entire IT environment. Our FISMA audit last year found that they were not.    These areas represent fundamental weaknesses in OPM's IT security program that have been reported to the OPM Director, OMB, and the Congress for many years. The fact that these longstanding issues were allowed to continue for so long without being taken seriously raises questions about the inherent effectiveness of the original FISMA legislation and implementing guidelines.    Since 2002 the IGs have been reviewing their agencies' information security programs, but the reporting guidelines from OMB were focused on compliance with specific security areas and lacked perspective on the overall effectiveness of the agency's program.    The FISMA Modernization Act of 2014 shifts the focus from review and compliance to assessing effectiveness of security controls. In addition, a new maturity model approach to evaluating the state of agencies' continuous monitoring programs was introduced in this year's FISMA reporting instructions for OIGs. These new developments should go a long way toward improving the IT security programs of federal agencies. OMB and DHS should also work toward making the OIG FISMA reporting metrics more reflective of the current risks and threats and further adopting the maturity model approach for other reporting domains.    I would also like to take a moment to discuss e-QIP, the IT system that OPM uses to collect information related to federal background investigations. Just last week, OPM disabled the system due to serious vulnerabilities detected in the design of the database and public facing website. While we agree with the actions taken, OPM has known about vulnerabilities in the system for years but has not corrected them. During the 2012 security assessment and authorization process for e-QIP, an independent assessor identified 18 security vulnerabilities which still remain open and unaddressed today. We believe this is an example of the importance of the security assessment process and also of OPM's historical negligence of IT security in general.    Moving forward, OPM is undertaking a massive infrastructure improvement project which, when completed, should significantly improve the agency's IT security posture. However, we identified several concerns related to OPM's failure to follow proper project management processes and the agency's use of a sole-source contract. These are discussed in more detail in my written testimony.    We fully support OPM's modernization efforts but we are concerned that if this project is not done correctly, the agency will be in a worse situation than it is today and millions of taxpayer dollars will have been wasted.    Thank you for your time and I'm happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Esser. I'm not aware of any.    Chairwoman Comstock. Are you aware of any discussions to that effect?    Mr. Esser. No, I haven't heard any.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Thank you.    And, Mr. Snell, really thank you for being here and representing so many people not just here in our metropolitan area but all across the country because this impacts our contractors, our federal employees, so it's important for people to understand that this is really a nationwide breach and, you know, you're representing people who are aware of this but there's still many more that aren't. Could you tell us what some of their concerns and unanswered questions are and how you think additional things that might be helpful for the employees and from what you've heard that we might ask for to help answer the questions that you've been getting from people?    Mr. Esser. Well, one possibility is OMB. I mean we--as an IG office we audit, we report, and we identify, you know, areas of weakness but that's as far as our authority extends. We have no enforcement authority. Those reports go eventually to OMB and that could potentially be one area of enforcement.    Mr. Esser. Yeah. I agree with Mr. Wilshusen, and I think from our viewpoint, the FISMA Modernization Act of 2014 went a long ways toward improving the situation, changing our reviews from more of a compliance check of a yes or a no, do they have--or do they do security controls testing to an effectiveness test of how good are those tests and moving towards continuous monitoring and the mature model that is being put in place. So we think continuing to move along that path is the right direction.    Mr. Esser. I would have to guess it's a combination of factors. Certainly, there's been, you know, different directors and different CIOs during the time period that we've reported material weaknesses in IT security. You know, so, you know, if you look at the current Director, she wasn't there when this all started. The current CIO wasn't there when this all started. But at the same time there's been current issues that we've reported that, you know, they also haven't gotten addressed in a timely fashion that we would like to see them addressed.    Resources I think is always an issue but it's not the sole answer. I think sometimes we feel like things that we report don't get the attention that they should get. We've had, you know, weaknesses that have been outstanding for, you know, years and years and years and that just shouldn't be.    Mr. Esser. I don't have an exact count of how many are legacy systems and how many are modern. There is a lot of credibility to what she says. There are old systems at OPM that it is difficult to bring into the modern area of security, not that it can't be done but it can be difficult. But our understanding is that at least a few of the systems that were hacked are more modern systems that certainly, you know, modern encryption techniques and other security techniques could have been implemented on.    Mr. Esser. There are and they have taken some of those steps. They've--    Mr. Esser. Well, when the initial breach took place in 2014 and they began working on tightening up their systems, they went into what they call a tactical phase of immediately remediating some of the high security problems they had. And so we're fully in favor of everything they've done related that. You know, things like, you know, requiring more two-factor authentication. They're not fully there but they're working on it so they have taken steps to tighten up systems in that respect.    Mr. Esser. I mean one of the things I would go back to is the two-factor authentication to strengthen security. It's really necessary to implement that and not just that but I mean there's all kinds of different things that need to be implemented, and the key I think is having, you know, security Defense in Depth I think is the term that's used.    Mr. Esser. There was a security assessment and authorization done on the e-QIP system in September of 2012 which identified 18 vulnerabilities. I do not know if those vulnerabilities are related to the reason that the system was shut down last week but it certainly indicates that there has been vulnerabilities that OPM has been aware of and has not addressed even to date.    Mr. Esser. I'm not sure I understand what review you're referring to.    Mr. Esser. I'm sorry. I guess I still don't quite understand the question. What review are you referring to?    Mr. Esser. If--I mean we in the IG office, when we do our reviews, certainly there's contractor-operated systems at OPM and we look at those the same way we look at the agency-operated systems. I mean there's a number of contractors that are working at OPM and likely at many other agencies as well. They, I believe, are treated the same way as federal employees in how we conduct our reviews.    Mr. Esser. I don't believe we reported any issues in that area.