    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairman Kline. I have some prepared remarks here, and I want to certainly ask the questions.    Dr. King, thank you for coming to speak to our committee, and it's a pleasure to hear your education priorities on this 2017 budget that is certainly going to be discussed the rest of this month and maybe longer. But I want to say that in seeing the materials that were given to us by staff, I am very concerned.    You made the statement that the HBCUs are a very important component of higher education, and I have been one of the strongest supporters of HBCUs. In fact, as chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, I met with the Black Caucus and the Hispanic Caucus leaders, as well as the Asian Pacific, and we came to an agreement that we were going to all work together to help all minority-serving institutions.    But in looking at your proposed budget here, increasing 245 million for strengthening HBCUs, and seeing the increase in the student population of HSIs, the numbers that are enrolling since 2010 with the reconciliation of higher education went up 30 percent, and yet you have nothing in here increasing the investment in both the HSIs and the Asia-Pacific colleges and universities as we requested of President Obama when we met with him at the White House.    And furthermore, you have to realize that if we don't speak up, I don't think that the government and, certainly, the Congress is going to increase it, because we had to fight for 20 years to get the kind of increases we got in 2010.    Now, HSIs were reduced 2 years ago in their Federal investment, and I'm very concerned, and you need to explain to me why you left out the other two groups.    Mr. Hinojosa. I agree with you.    Mr. Hinojosa. If I can interrupt you just a minute, because the time is running out. In the last 4 years we have shown great improvement in graduation rates, in enrollment in higher education, and graduation, even, at the colleges. And so we need for your Department to not only pay attention to these three that I mentioned, but also the tribally controlled colleges, because they are certainly not being even considered and given the moneys that they need to bring their graduation rates up.    So, again, I look forward to another round of questions, but know that we want to work with you and your staff, and that I believe that the regulations that were put in to make schools accountable is needed, especially Title IX, for women to be able to have the moneys so that they can have their sports. We put on a big, big fight back in 1998 here in this committee, and, finally, we did not allow them to remove Title IX, because there were some that were complaining about that regulation.    And there's other things that are necessary by the Federal Government for them to show us, the schools and the colleges, the accountability and how they are using that money and if it's working.