    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning and welcome to all of our witnesses.    The unifying theme of this legislative hearing is ``No Regulation Without Representation.''    For much of American history, state's cross-border reach was strictly limited. Until about 1950, states could not tax interstate commerce at all. Courts then began to relax the rules. In 1977, the Supreme Court held that states may tax interstate commerce if there is a ``substantial nexus'' to the taxing state.    In the context of sales taxes, ``substantial nexus'' means a seller is physically present in the jurisdiction. The Court, however, has never clarified whether the physical presence rule applies to certain other impositions, such as business activity taxes.    Accordingly, states are increasingly exploiting the gray area in the law to tax and regulate beyond their borders. For example, California is now requiring that out-of-state farmers who want to sell eggs in California comply with California cage-size requirements which are twice the industry standard. The Alabama Attorney General described the new law as ``California's attempt to protect its economy from its own job-killing laws by extending those laws to everyone else in the country.''    This is precisely the sort of protectionism that the commerce clause is intended to prevent. It also highlights one of the most pernicious aspects of states taxing and regulating beyond their borders. It permits lawmakers to dodge accountability for the burdens associated with their policy choices by shifting them onto nonresidents who cannot hold them accountable at the ballot box.    Indeed, this Subcommittee heard testimony in 2014 that, if Congress lets ``economic presence'' rather than ``physical presence'' becomes the standard, states will mostly exempt resident companies from tax obligations while imposing them on out-of-state companies. That is why I am so pleased that Chairman Marino is holding this hearing.    The Business Activity Tax Simplification Act restores physical presence, defined as presence for more than 14 days, as a prerequisite to a state imposing business activity taxes. Similarly, the Mobile Workforce Tax Simplification Act prevents states from imposing income tax compliance burdens on nonresidents who work in the state for less than 30 days a year.    Critics raise concerns about state sovereignty and revenue loss to the states. But a study of the Mobile Workforce bill found it would have a de minimis impact on state revenues. In addition, those objections proceed from the incorrect premise that ``economic nexus,'' rather than ``physical presence,'' is the appropriate touchtone for determining whether a state has the authority to tax. In other words, these bills do not deprive the states of anything to which they have a clear claim.    Also, before the Committee is the Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015. It sets sourcing rules for the purchase of digital goods and services. These rules will help implement the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act's ban on multiple taxes of Internet commerce. This ban expires October 1, of this year and the Committee will soon move to renew it.    The Committee is also eager to proceed with legislation that levels the playing field between traditional and online retailers without letting states tax and regulate beyond their borders. Productive discussions continue.    These are important issues, and I look forward to the witnesses' testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank all of our witnesses for their testimony and I will start with Mr. Norquist.    You support the Business Activity Tax Simplification Act, BATSA, which would codify physical presence as the standard for business activity taxes. What do you say about the Marketplace Fairness Act, the Senate bill on sales taxes, remote sales taxes, and similar proposals that would move in the opposite direction and repeal the physical presence standard as it currently applies to sales taxes?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. And you have pretty much answered with that answer my second question. So I will go down the line starting with Mr. Rosen.    It strikes me that all of these bills are addressing areas where states waste a lot of resources and businesses waste a lot of resources complying with regulatory tax procedures that cost a lot of money and don't yield, often, a lot of revenue. And I am wondering if you would just comment on that observation?    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you think the states, themselves, would be better served by having clear, bright lined tests in all these areas? They can tax their own constituents and those who clearly have sufficient physical nexus in a state or locality to impose that tax, but then, also, encourage their own businesses in their area to not worry about all of these tax complications and go out and expand their businesses. That really seems to me what the whole purpose of interstate commerce is and why we wrote a new Constitution to promote, in 1787, to promote interstate commerce and have the Federal Government regulate it to the extent it needs to be regulated and not have, at that time 13, and today 50 different states imposing complicated different regulations?    Mr. Goodlatte. Okay. I am running out of time so I am going to give Mr. Lindholm an opportunity to weigh-in on this.    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Leaman?    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Carpenter?    Mr. Goodlatte. My time has expired but if you allow the people with a somewhat contrary point-of-view to weigh-in----    Mr. Goodlatte. I would like to hear Ms. Magee.    Why wouldn't having clear bright line tests save the states a lot of resources that they devote to trying to collect what are sometimes small amounts of taxes and the growth of your in-state businesses in their ease with which they can do more business outside of the state, and you will derive more revenue from that, replace whatever your concerns are for losing revenue now?    Mr. Goodlatte. Good. So that consistency helps you.    Mr. Goodlatte. Got it.    Mr. Crippen?    Mr. Goodlatte. But duplicative taxation and regulation that a business might face in a multitude of states that it is attempting to do business in can have a detrimental effect, can it not, on the economic growth of that business and job creation?    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, on many of these issues we are talking about smaller businesses too, are we not? I mean particularly with regard to Internet sales tax issues. A business going into a state to attend a meeting or attend a conference or an exposition of some kind and then being subject to filing tax on that would seem to yield very little to the state relative to what it is effort has got to be to try to collect that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.