    Mr. Sanford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I know the focus of this hearing is on economic growth, but economic growth doesn't wake people up. I want to go back to a degree what my colleague Mr. Blum was getting at, Mr. Johnson was getting at, which is people sort of lull themselves to sleep. I believe we are walking our way into a debt crisis. We are sleepwalking our way in that direction.    And so I want to, again, bore down just as to where he was, into not just marginal difference in economic growth, but if you have a debt crisis, what happens to the economy overall, what happens to people's savings, what happens to the worth of the currency? We may not be able to predict interest rates, to your point, but, I mean, frankly, what happens to our political infrastructure?    I would like to hear from each one of you, do you know of an instance wherein there has been a soft landing, or a benign deleveraging, if you want to call it that, in the wake of a debt spiral and debt spike?    Mr. Sanford. I will argue that point. I mean, wouldn't that be as a consequence of Pax Americana? I mean, at the end of the day, we were in essence the only economy standing. If you look at American GDP as a percentage of world GDP right now, it is a very different picture than what we saw in the wake of World War II. And so I would argue that while that is certainly true, it is a very different example, given Pax Americana that existed and the rebuilding, in essence, that we did around the world at that time.    Mr. Sanford. Let me ask one point, though. Prior to that, were we a debtor or creditor nation?    Mr. Sanford. Which is very different, again. Prior to that point, did the Fed have a balance sheet of about $4.5 trillion?    Mr. Sanford. So, in other words, I could go with a whole host of different examples that would say--so outside of that example, can you give me one? Can anybody give me one?    Mr. Sanford. The case would be the case of Zimbabwe, Argentina, Venezuela go down the list.    Mr. Sanford. I mean, I think there has been pretty interesting data, I think Berman actually wrote it up, that in the wake of every debt crisis there has been a fall in purchasing power by 99 percent. So if you had a dollar of purchasing power, at the end of the debt crisis you got about a penny, which would fit with Venezuela. I mean, you could go down a long list of examples.    Which is to say, how do we wake people up, whether we come from the left or right in our political perspective, to the fact that there is really serious threat, not just to a drag on the economy. And I think there is conclusive data from IMF, from the European Union, a variety of different folks that say, yeah, there is a drag on the economy when you get up and around certain levels with regard to debt-to-GDP.    But I think the even more pronounced problem is the one that we are not talking about, which is if we play this thing out, we can end up in real trouble. And I would argue that maybe we are much closer than we think, because I saw some interesting numbers the other day.    If you look at household net worth to GDP in this country, we have been at a band around--there has been sort of a trading range, if you want to call it that, 440 to 540, somewhere in that range. It has jumped up around 640 only three times in the last 60 years, one, just prior to the tech bubble bursting; two, just prior to 2008 and the housing bubble bursting; and now we are up around 640 percent.    In other words, I just think that there are a number of cards that could fall that could cause this thing to come much sooner than we think.    You were about to say something. I apologize.