    Ms. Beairsto. Thank you, Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Payne, and Members of the subcommittee for inviting me to testify today on this important issue of providing efficient and safe passenger screening at our airports. My name is Lydia Beairsto. I serve as the managing deputy commissioner for public safety and security for the Chicago Department of Aviation, overseeing O'Hare and Midway International Airports.    Chicago manages 2 of the Nation's busiest airports, O'Hare and Midway, and it is the only single-city system that serves as a hub for 3 major airlines, United, American, and Southwest Airlines. In 2015, 98 million passengers passed through our airports combined. In 2016 and beyond, those numbers are projected to grow.    Our airports serve as an economic engine, contributing $45 billion in annual economic activity, creating 540,000 jobs. We are a major part of the air ecosystem. When O'Hare sneezes, the rest of the country catches a cold.    Passenger safety and security is our top priority, and it is certainly mine. In March, suicide bombings at Brussels Airport killed 16 people in the airport check-in areas and 16 others in the city metro station. Long security lines, large crowds of passengers in queues are not just an inconvenience. They, themselves, expose a vulnerability and security risk.    By more efficiently moving passengers into the screened and secure areas, we are increasing safety and security. This year, there has been a 7 percent growth in passenger activity, while TSA staffing levels declined nearly 17 percent.    Airports and airlines began raising concerns about security staffing for the summer travel season as early as last summer. By early May of this year, as our peak travel season started, we started experiencing a total breakdown. Passenger wait times were consistently 60 minutes or more. Airline passengers have reported wait times as high as 120 minutes, with thousands of passengers missing their flights.    The delays we experienced were knowable and preventable. Staff resources went down as security operating procedures changed.    Moving forward to address these issues, TSA resources are needed to increase and meet passenger demand. TSA needs to manage existing resources better. TSA needs flexibility and local authority to respond to situations on the ground.    May 13, a traveler at Midway Airport posted a YouTube video documenting significant checkpoint lines. Six out of 17 lanes were staffed by TSA.    At O'Hare, the situation reached crisis point on Sunday, May 15, where without adequate staffing American Airlines reported 543 passengers were impacted by long lines. United Airlines experienced 37 flight delays and rebooked over 4,300 passengers, many of which, as you noted, Chairman, stayed overnight at the airport sleeping on cots.    Mayor Rahm Emanuel worked with key officials from DHS, TSA, and members of Chicago's Congressional delegation to secure immediate resources for the city. TSA sent in optimization teams. They committed to add 58 officers to O'Hare, converted over 160 part-timers to a full-time duty, increased overtime, and provided 8 additional K-9 teams to O'Hare from around the country.    We greatly appreciate Administrator Neffenger's responsiveness and that resources arrived so quickly for O'Hare. We are working to ensure similar prompt responses to the needs and concerns at Midway Airport.    This response was possible because Congress approved TSA's reprogramming request, and we are grateful to you for taking that quick action.    To ensure transparency, we will be releasing a biweekly scorecard showing average and maximum wait times, staffing and resource levels provided by TSA.    In the short term, in order to manage the spring and summer travel season ahead, there are a few critical resources and management steps that we need to ensure are happening:    Reallocate passenger-screening K-9 teams based on the aviation system priorities.    Ensure TSA is transparent about its staffing allocation models and levels; information transparency helps us better predict potential staffing strategies and shortages.    Provide Federal security directors the ability to make local decisions about manpower allocation and overtime.    Ensure checkpoints are open on time or risk playing catch-up all day.    Streamline TSA PreCheck enrollment process.    In the long term we need to be looking at ramping up resources, including passenger screening K-9s. To prepare for future growth, we need to start now, as training K-9s can take approximately up to 8 months. We need to invest in our security infrastructure and checkpoint expansion projects and invest in technology solutions that enhance security and achieve operational efficiencies.    Thank you for the opportunity to discuss these important and timely issues with you today. We are eager to work with you and secure needed resources to address short-term and long-term airport security challenges.    Ms. Beairsto. Sure. We have a strong and favorable partnership with our local TSA. However, when it comes to staffing allocation model, we encourage TSA to provide greater transparency so we, airports and our airline partners, can better plan and schedule around staffing shortages and the like.    Ms. Beairsto. Sure. It has. TSA has provided 58 additional officers. The shift of moving over 160 part-time officers to full times helped TSA address the peak periods both in the a.m. shifts and the p.m. shifts. Tripling the amount of overtime allows them to open checkpoints early so they are not behind the curve. Adding morning shifts for TSA screeners and the additional K-9 teams at O'Hare from around the country has proven incredibly helpful. The K-9 teams alone are allowing us to move roughly 5,000 passengers a day through PreCheck.    Ms. Beairsto. Sure. So at Midway Airport the wait times with K-9 teams can be 20 to 30 minutes during peak periods. Without them, they can reach of 69 to 90 minutes. We are seeing a great impact on the K-9s. Thank you for asking.    Ms. Beairsto. Oh, considerably, ma'am. We have seen wait times less than 15 minutes.    Ms. Beairsto. A permanent fix.    Ms. Beairsto. May I correct? It is temporary right now. We need a permanent fix.    Ms. Beairsto. Right.    Ms. Beairsto. Yes, the extended overtime allowed for increased shifts in peak periods.    Ms. Beairsto. I am aware. Thank you.    Ms. Beairsto. It has not surfaced at our level. We can certainly find out additional information and follow up.    Ms. Beairsto. Midway Airport is still waiting for additional resources.    Ms. Beairsto. Yes, absolutely.    Ms. Beairsto. Yes, absolutely.    Ms. Beairsto. If I can give an example, ma'am. The passenger screening K-9s, for example, which we borrow and have been reallocated from other airports, those kinds of resources really need to be allocated based on airport passenger throughput and the security risk, right? So those are the kinds of things that TSA should consider.