    Mr. MEEKS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank you, Chairman Chabot and Ranking Member Velazquez, for your thoughtfulness and for your leadership in bringing this hearing to New York City. It is indeed tremendously important that we look and listen to our small business folks because that is the essence of job creation in America, and it is what makes communities strong. If you go by a community and you do not see thriving small businesses moving forward, you see a community that is suffering, that is looking and yearning for jobs.    So I want to thank the witnesses and recognize the panelists, and the distinguished entrepreneurs, and the leaders of our community who we will hear from today. And as a member of the Financial Services Committee, which I serve on with Ranking Member Velazquez, and, as the chairman indicated, on the Foreign Affairs Committee, you know, small business is ripe, and the appropriate Committee to determine how we enhance manufacturing.    When you look at New York City and our communities, many of our small business are still recovering from the economic crises of 2008 and 2009, combined with the destruction of Hurricane Irene and Hurricane Sandy. In the 5th Congressional District, businesses like Madelaine Chocolates and Atlantic Steel faced a 1-2-3 combination that could have been a deathblow to manufacturing in Queens and in our great city.    But our incredible businesswomen and men, community development financial institutions like the Disability Opportunity Fund, and economic zones, including the industrial business zones in Jamaica and around our Nation's most traveled international airport, John F. Kennedy Airport, have provided our region's most skilled entrepreneurs an opportunity to compete on the world stage. To me, that is vital.    If we have a level playing field, our small businesses can compete with anybody, any place on this planet. We have the best minds and the best workers, and all we need is to make sure that the playing field is level. Let us be reminded that New York has the 3rd large economy in the United States trailing only Texas and California. New York's economy is the 15th largest in the world ahead of countries like the Netherlands and home of Europe's largest cargo port, and just behind one of our largest trading partners, South Korea.    So to get ahead, we need to address the cost of drag on our local businesses preventing them from expanding in scale and diversifying the scope of their products and services. Many of the most significant impediments that manufacturers in Queens and across the city face are the growing costs of overseas transportation, and a shortage of high-skilled workers, and the shift of budget priorities in Washington that reduced investment in research and development and other incentives that are critical to growing a manufacturing base.    Now more than ever, manufacturers face stiffening competition from global competitors. Without policies to buttress the tremendous growth that manufacturing is experiencing in New York City and other places, our city may find itself slipping in its ability to provide well-paying competitive jobs. I would remiss if I failed to mention the substantial and important role, when I look at small businesses, I think it is tremendously important to make sure that women and minority-owned businesses are there because they can contribute positively to the competitiveness in this global economy.    Throw something out real quick, for instance, the number of businesses owned by African-American women grew 322 percent since 1997, making African-American females the fastest-growing group of entrepreneurs in the United States of America. We have to make sure that we continue to focus on that.    As the ranking member has said, I am a firm believer of making it in America and selling it every place else. When we look at our policies, and whether it is our trade policy, et cetera, we have got to make sure that we are opening up markets abroad because some of the markets abroad have been closed to United States' products. Our trade agreements, et cetera, should be opening up these markets so that we can get our small businesses into these markets so that you can grow your businesses here at home and make sure that there are opportunities there to create jobs for people right here.    We need to get the message out clearly that outsourcing is not what you do when you are shipping your goods and your services, your manufactured goods overseas. That is not outsourcing. That is creating jobs here in America. That is what I think that you do and you are looking forwarding to doing. I want to know what we can do to make sure that you are successful.    I thank you again for being here, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their wisdom to hold this hearing in the city that is so great, they had to name it twice--New York, New York. And I yield back.    Mr. MEEKS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning. I just want to thank each and every one of these panelists. Extraordinary is what makes America America. You are stick-to-it, and I know it is difficult. Let me ask, I know Ms. Davis was asked, but let me ask Mr. Jacobs first. Have you utilized any, whether it is SBA, whether it is the U.S. Department of Commerce? You indicated that you were looking to do things internationally also. Is that correct?    Mr. MEEKS. Whether it is the Ex-Im Bank or OPIC, have you utilized any of the government programs to try to help enhance your business?    Mr. MEEKS. Ms. Davis, you indicated you are starting to go into China, et cetera. Have you looked toward, and I listened to your three problems. One, workers' compensation insurance, two, landlord relations, three, access to capital, and breaking down barriers internationally. I think that is indicated by Ranking Member Velazquez, trade agreements that we are looking at, whether or not they break down some of those barriers.    My question, have you looked at Ex-Im Bank, for example, or OPIC, or any other government, you know, using the U.S. Commerce. They have a program or the Chamber of Commerce. I do not know if any of you are involved in the Chamber of Commerce, whether it is the Brooklyn Chamber or the U.S. Chamber. Have you utilized any of those entities to help you to grow and to move forward with reference to the company?    Mr. MEEKS. I am sure it is overwhelming. You are trying to run a business, and you are trying to do a number of things.    Mr. MEEKS. Chasing and finding out what program is there or not there is not something that is your focus.    Mr. MEEKS. Your focus is move your product on a day-to-day basis. But I do want to let you know that there are, especially internationally, some opportunities for financing and access to capital. We have been putting a very tough fight as far as the reauthorization of Ex-Im Bank to make sure that they are catering to small businesses to help them do exports. I wanted to bring that to your attention.    Mr. DiMarino, let me ask you. You have been in business a long time. Have you utilized any of the government services or government programs that may be available to help you enhance and grow your business?    Mr. MEEKS. Ms. Bland, same question.    Ms. BLAND. Yeah. We have won a couple of grants from the SBA to run our incubator program, and then to expand our incubator program to include contract manufacturers, so we are very grateful for that. Also we were asked to come down and talk with SBA about the importance of having a classification for microbusinesses. I was astonished when I found out originally what the definition of a ``small business'' was for the United States, and that is still something that completely vexes me. I consider 500 employees to be a huge business, you know. There are a lot of smaller businesses that are 25 people and under, and they deserve a specific type of support. I appreciate them having us talk about that.    Mr. MEEKS. I think that we need to make sure that those agencies are getting back out to small business so that they know what is going on more.    Ms. BLAND. Well, I think they need sector specific Web sites, that it is just like, hey, food businesses, here is what you can do. Hey, fashion, here is what you can do. And have it be completely separate and regimented and clear.    Mr. MEEKS. Let me ask. I know I am out of time, but, Ms. Bland, you shook your head that you had worked with Chambers of Commerce, whether it was the Brooklyn Chamber.    Ms. BLAND. Oh, yeah, I love the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce. I cannot believe how well they have outreached to small business to hiring. Like I started, and it literally was like me and two other people, and already they were reaching out to us and seeing what they could do to help. I do not think we would be where we are at without the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce.    Mr. MEEKS. Thank you. I am out of time.    Mr. MEEKS. He is short, though.    