    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And first to the panel, thank you for being here. And I apologize. I had to step out and come back. This is quite an operation in this place. You have several meetings all at the same time in different buildings, and there must be a better way to run the train station.    Be that as it may, I respect your time. Listening to my colleague from Minnesota talk about there should be dissenting voices in the room, most of us would agree that if the world would just agree with our position, it would be a much better place to live in. But that doesn't happen. And somebody can correct me, but it was Bobby Kennedy that said something to the effect that if you can get the American public, 80 percent of the American public to agree on anything, that should be considered unanimous. And in this case, when you have 90 percent of the science out there agreeing, that is pretty close to being unanimous.    I want to go at this very quickly from a different--again, forgive me if somebody has already done this. I wasn't here. So please be patient with me. I want to go at it from the specific costs and break it down by level.    Mrs. Lidback, you are running a dairy operation. You have costs that are going to be added on for--you talked about the inputs when I was here earlier. You were talking about the cost of feed. Aren't there other costs in terms of having to manage and record, get inspections, certification. Have you talked about those already today?    Mr. Emmer. Wow, and I was just thinking, labor. You and your husband are going to have to have some more kids in order to do this thing.    Mr. Dempsey and anybody else, I want to go to the next level because we have the processors, those that have to put these products out. You talked about two lines, but it is much greater than that, isn't it? Aren't you going to have to hire all kinds of new staff to keep track of all these things? And then there are storage costs?    Mr. Emmer. Very quickly because this just adds, it compounds, as you go each level. And it wouldn't be fair if I didn't go to the Minnesota guy with the time that I have left.    Mr. Policinski, farmers are interested in operating a business, raising their families. They want to produce quality product that can be sold the world over. I imagine in the farmers that I know, they don't much care for the litigation system if they can stay away from it. What are the concerns and the costs that could be put into this at every level when you talk about the legal ramifications? Aren't those just as big?    Mr. Emmer. Right.    Mr. Policinski.--and a voluntary national standard. I think your comment on legal costs would pass through the system to ownership, and in our instance, we are a farmer-owned company.    Mr. Emmer. Right.    Mr. Emmer. And at the end of the day, it all gets passed onto the consumer. I am sorry, Ms.--    Mr. Emmer. And again. Thank you all. My time has expired. Mr. Chairman and to the Ranking Member, thank you for having this hearing because it seems like everybody here is interested in a win/win for everybody.    The Chairman. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Costa, 5 minutes?