    Chairman HARDY. Good afternoon.    I'd like to thank you all for being here today. I'd like to call this meeting to order.    Since this is a Congressional hearing, we are going to begin, as we do with everything in every session in the House of Representatives, with a prayer and posting of the colors and the Pledge of Allegiance.    I now recognize Pastor Matt Teis, of the Liberty Baptist Church in Las Vegas, to lead us in the prayer.    Pastor TEIS. Please join me in prayer.    Lord Jesus, today we come before you. We're thankful for all you have given us. The freedoms that we enjoy in this country are a gift from you. As our founders recognize, we recognize the same today.    Father, we pray that you would be with Congressman Hardy. Give him wisdom. Thank you for putting him in the position that he's in today. Father, as he hears testimonies and insight from the men and women present here, I pray that you give him wisdom and insight on courses to take and directions that we should follow as a nation.    Lord, we are so thankful for all you have given us and I pray that you would bless this room, bless this time, and keep us safe. Thank you for the veterans who serve us and give us the freedoms that we enjoy.    Thank you most of all for Jesus, who died, was buried, and lives again to pay for our sins. We ask all this in His name.    Amen.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I'd like to recognize the Nellis Air Force color guard to post the colors, and I would like you to remain standing.    You may be seated.    I'd like to give a special thanks to all our military men and women who participated today, and as you know, Veterans Day is upcoming this Wednesday, and I'd like to personally thank each and every one of you for your service to your country personally. Thank you very much.    Chairman HARDY. Today's hearing will focus on the topic that I am passionate about: Reducing the burden of regulation on small businesses.    One of the most--one of the biggest concerns I hear from small businesses and their owners, both in Nevada's Fourth District and around the country, is that Federal regulations have gotten out of control. So it is to no surprise that in a September 2015 survey Federal regulations were tied with taxes as the number one issue affecting small business owners.    Agencies publish thousands of final regulations every year on diverse subjects including, but not limited to, workplace safety, finance, environmental protection, health care, energy conservation and endangered species.    In 2014 alone, Federal regulators issued over 2,400 new rules, of which 77 were classified as major. To me, this seems like a little bit of an over onslaught of new red tape.    While I understand the need for some level of regulation, I'm concerned that small businesses are not being heard, or even considered, when these rules come down through the pipeline. Small businesses, as we hear today, are unique and disproportionately affected by the cost of regulation. A company with under 50 employees annually spends 17 percent more than the average company to comply with federal regulations.    While this may not seem like much, just imagine if that 17 percent could be used differently, for hiring additional employees, and other issues.    As Chairman of a Subcommittee over Investigation, Oversight and Regulation, I am working hard to help ensure the regulatory burdens on small firms are reduced so that these businesses can focus on creating jobs and spurring on economic growth.    I would like to thank each of the witnesses for taking time to be here and provide their testimony today on the ways we can work together to reduce regulatory burdens on small businesses. I look forward to hearing your testimony.    We'll now explain the timing of the clock. If a Committee member has, first, if any Committee member has an opening statement prepared, I ask that they might be submitted for the record.    I'd like to take a moment to explain the timing lights for you. You will have five minutes for your testimony, to deliver that testimony. The light will start out green. When you have one minute remaining it will turn yellow. Finally at the end of your five minutes it will turn red. I ask that you try to adhere to that. We will have a little extra flexibility.    With that being said, we would like to start with the introductions. Mr. Hafen is our first witness. Mr. Hafen is the president and CEO of Nevada Bank and Trust, headquartered in Caliente, Nevada. Mr. Hafen is testifying on behalf of Nevada Bankers Association. Welcome, and you have five minutes, and you may begin.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Hafen.    I'm now pleased to introduce our next witness, Robin Simmers, the CEO of Pahranagat Valley Federal Credit Union, which is headquartered in Alamo, Nevada.    Ms. Simmers is testifying on behalf of the Nevada Credit Union League. I thank you for making the journey. We'll turn the five minutes over to you now.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Ms. Simmers.    Our third witness here today is David Jennings, who serves on the Board of the Southern Nevada Home Builders Association, headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada. He is testifying here today on behalf of the Association and all their small home builders. We look forward to your testimony.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Jennings.    I'd like to now turn to my final witness, Mr. Mendis Cooper, who serves as the general manager of Overton Power District in Overton, Nevada.    He is testifying today on behalf of the Nevada Rural Electric Association, and I'd like to thank you for being here and I look forward to your testimony.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Mendis, and thank you for all your testimonies.    I'd like to begin with just one comment. You know, I left D.C. last night. I got here in the late hours. But it has no effect on the regulations that are still coming out of Washington, D.C. When I left there was well over 67,000 pages and that's been handed down since January of this year.    I have been here, I have been in office for less than 11 months and that's almost 600 pages a day. And I'm not sure how many major rules that is going to come up with, but I would just like to ask, start with the first question, and not all of them have to do with any of your effect on your particular business that you are in, but it has an effect on multiple businesses.    Do you believe you're capable of being able to keep up with that regulatory process, just keeping up to date on these 67,000 thousand pages, almost 600 pages a day, financially? I'd like to hear a comment from each one of you. Yes? No.    Chairman HARDY. Mr. Jennings.    Chairman HARDY. Ms. Simmers.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. Mr. Hafen.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I think all of your testimony today highlights the need for a different way to look at analysis of how we do things in the rule-making process. This one-size-fits-all ultimately ends up back costing the end consumer because you have to pass it on, I believe. Maybe you are a bit different than the businesses I have been around.    What are the suggestions you might have for Congress and how we might deal with this better? Any ideas on that? Just a quick suggestion of how Congress might handle the regulatory process? I have my own opinion, but I am looking for yours.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I'll just change that to another. Is--let's start with the banking industry. We'll talk about Caliente and Alamo, small rural communities and the effect that Dodd-Frank is having, this one-size-fits-all.    Do you believe that it's necessary for rural communities to have the same banking privileges that they do in the large urban cities, the necessity? What does it do to those committees? Ms. Simmers, let's start with you.    Chairman HARDY. Mr. Hafen, how many small businesses rely on your bank to stay open, to function, as an ability to do their work in your communities.    Chairman HARDY. What effect does that have on employees that work for those counties and can't cash their check in their local community, that can't pay their home bill in their local community, that can't do the grocery shopping without the financial ability to have flexibility? Anybody dare touch on that?    Chairman HARDY. Any comments, Ms. Simmers?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I'd like to change gears a little bit.    Mr. Jennings, you speak about the mineral rights. Can you give me any idea why the BLM would like to keep holding mineral rights on housing, real estate, and for what purpose do they want to hang on to that right.    Chairman HARDY. You know, the mineral, I don't think many people understand. But I want to be very clear and just tell me a yes or no if I'm wrong on that.    But basically some sites may have collapsible soils that have to be removed from the site. Some sites may have expandable soils. Some sites might have millions of yards, based on the size of the site that may even have millions of yards that are basically unproductive and can't build on them without removing the material.    Do you think that's fair that they want to charge you for the process you are working to just remove or bring in, is that a process and where does that cost get handed down to.    Chairman HARDY. While I've got you, would it still be willing to say that basically after you sell that home site, that that homeowner, if they decide to put a pool in their backyard, they could be charged for the excavation of that pool.    Chairman HARDY. Would it be fair to say that because the BLM holds well over 80 percent of this state's lands, that our real estate values are well above anyplace else in the country because we have to wait for the Federal government to decide whether they would like to dispose of certain lands, and when those go to auction they are some of the highest prices? And would it be fair to say that if you have unusable soils, should that not be charged maybe back to the BLM, if they are going to play this game? They are selling you invaluable----    Chairman HARDY. I understand that. I just wanted to make the comment for you.    Chairman HARDY. And aren't most of those lands, as they're purchased and as they're improved, aren't they governed by the county, the city, or the states that they are in, for the zoning rules, and they can't be changed for mining purposes.    Chairman HARDY. So would you say that we need to look at maybe changing this to where these mineral rights are disposed of when it comes to residential and commercial type of developments.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    Mr. Cooper, some of the issues that I think you are talking about with these right-of-ways, having to deal with the waters of the U.S., any challenges with that rule that was recently handed down by the BLM.    Chairman HARDY. The OPD Number 5 has some of the cheapest power rates, I think probably in the state, due to the compact with the Hoover Dam. They are not fluctuating a lot, I don't believe, over the years. But how much have your rates changed, due to having to live up to some of the regulations and the costs handed down to the end user, the energy user? Has that increased over the past 10 to 20 years.    Chairman HARDY. Another fact I'd like y'all to know that as we left this week these costs of the recent regulations that have been handed down is already up around $88.9 billion, and with the Dodd-Frank rule, what are we, one-third of the way there? Two-thirds of the way there.    So $88.9 billion. So before the end of the year we're looking at probably close to $89-plus billion.    Another question I would ask Mr. Jennings. Is--BLM issues, we'll take the Clark County area alone, the fastest growing place in its heyday there ten years ago, in the nation.    The real estate prices soared. Would you say that's due to the fact that we have not only regulations, but we're encumbered by the lack of land, and where are we today, based on build-out for this community, with actual private lands that have been put into place, and we continue now to even encumber that more with these type of regulations.    Chairman HARDY. Ms. Simmers, as the only institution in Alamo, what do you see the future, if you could just kind of give me a guess, if you had to close your doors as a financial institution in Caliente, Mr. Hafen, you can give me the same answer in your area.    Chairman HARDY. I'd like to ask in a different direction. Anything that major happens out in the rural communities, basically the 93 improvements, or any major road projects, they are usually not able to be completed by a local contractor, in most cases.    When people come into town and they are there for weeks, maybe months on end, do you see any impact to those folks also when they go out and they do these construction jobs and all this other rural electric power jobs to build expansion, do you see a challenge there at all?    Chairman HARDY. Mr. Hafen.    Chairman HARDY. Last question to both of you, I guess, do you believe that volume dictates the cost of fees and others, or is it just a one-size-fits-all again? Should things be looked at differently in these regulations, and do you believe there's other ways we can look at this differently for rural America versus urban America? And do you think it's fair that you guys get a different consideration than urban America.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. Ms. Jennings or Ms. Simmers.    Chairman HARDY. One last question for you folks, where do folks go now for a home loan in your area, if they can't get that with you folks.    Chairman HARDY. I'd like to just kind of go across the panel. Mr. Cooper, being as how you got to be last on the first go-around, we'll have you go first.    Could you wrap up with any comments that I haven't asked or any things that you think that we need to be dealing with or looking at that I haven't asked the right questions.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, sir. Mr. Jennings?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. Ms. Simmers?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. Mr. Hafen?    Chairman HARDY. I'd like to thank you all for being here. This is a final comment, you know, from my standpoint, you know, I went to Congress and in some cases I have to look at it as self-serving. I have children and grandchildren and I care about the direction and the opportunities my children and grandchildren have for the future. And I think that in Congress where somewhere along the line we forget that we're here to help people. We're here to serve people.    We are here to help, but we are never supposed to forget when we help one, we are not supposed to hinder another. That is our obligation, and I thank you for being here today.    I really appreciate you taking the time out of your day to come and talk and we look forward to trying to have some more of these. And if there's anybody here in the audience that has ideas for the future that you think we're not getting your questions answered, I have a staff here. I want to make sure that they get an opportunity to hear those questions because we are working on them and the Small Business Committee is about protecting small businesses, which is the lifeblood of this nation.    64 percent of people employed in this country were employed by small businesses. We're losing small businesses at a rapider rate than we've ever lost them before, and I believe it's because of the continuing over-reach of regulations.    We do need regulations, but we cannot hurt people. We are here to help people.    With that being said, if there's no further questions, I want to thank the City of North Las Vegas, the Hall for hosting us, and I thank you all for participating here today.    I appreciate your insight into the regulatory challenges facing small businesses today. The hearing will only reaffirm my belief that one-size-fits-all regulation does not work. Differences of geographic areas and business size must be more carefully reviewed.    I will take this message back to my colleagues in Washington and continue to fight for common sense reforms and reduce the regulatory burdens on small firms. I ask unanimous consent that members have five legislative days to submit their statements and supporting materials for the record. Without objection, so ordered.    This hearing is now adjourned. Thank you for being here.