    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCarthy, you had recently stated on August 13 that, ``We are going to be fully accountable for this in a transparent way.''    Mr. Tipton. That was your quote. Just as a follow-up, we had sent a letter to you on August 15, signed by 29 other Members, listing out specific questions regarding the spill. When can we expect an answer? You have yet to respond.    Mr. Tipton. August 15.    Mr. Tipton. No, that will be great. Mr. Westerman, Mr. Pearce, you are citing you are going to get back to people. I think that is a lot of frustration of the committee work. We hear, ``We will get back to you,'' but you never do----    Mr. Tipton. Well, terrific. If you can get back to us on that, we would appreciate it.    Mr. Tipton. In regards to transparency, you said that the EPA was examining different sites that could suffer an EPA meltdown, as we saw at the Gold King Mine. You have identified 10 different mines now, but that did not come forward until such time as there was an AP report. How is that feeding in with transparency?    Mr. Tipton. Well, the context of the question is that you have identified 10 mines----    Mr. Tipton . That have the potential to be able to have a spill.    Mr. Tipton. OK. Are you revealing the locations of all these mines?    Mr. Tipton. Are you revealing the locations of all the mines?    Mr. Tipton. OK.    Mr. Tipton. We have----    Mr. Tipton. In the AP report, one of the mines was the Standard Mine, near Crested Butte in Colorado, which is in my district. Is that information correct, that that is one of the suspect mines?    Mr. Tipton. OK. We would appreciate having the follow-up on that.    What about districts other than mine, for other Members on this committee? Do you feel that it is going to be important to be able to reach out and give that notification in advance of potential spill areas, just as we saw at the Gold King Mine, to let people know in these districts?    Mr. Tipton. I would like to change gears just a little bit here. I would like to know how many mining engineers does the EPA employ?    Mr. Tipton. Do you know if there are any?    Mr. Tipton. You do not have to give me a specific number. Do you employ any?    Mr. Tipton. But the team----    Mr. Tipton. Do you have any engineers?    Mr. Tipton. You do not know. Can you get back to us on that?    Mr. Tipton. OK. You have cited a number of times that you work with a lot of people with a lot of expertise in this area. I think a lot of the concern that we see is, just given some of the protocols that you put into place when we want to be able to juxtapose this to a private company that is meeting rigid standards, that your organization puts together those standards.    When you, through the document dump that came out about 2 weeks ago on a Friday, cited that there was a potential for a blowout at the Gold King Mine, why was there no effort to be able to determine how much water had actually backed up?    Mr. Tipton. If we are talking about having the expertise.    Mr. Tipton. It was a concern. I am just trying, really, to get to the point of prudence, in terms of your position on it. It is your job, you are the one that is heading this up.    Mr. Tipton. When we are looking through your documents, saying that there was a potential for a----    Mr. Tipton . Blowout at the Gold King Mine----    Mr. Tipton . Would it have been prudent to have measured how much water is behind the wall that was built up?    Mr. Tipton. Can you understand some of the frustration, the position that you put yourself in----    Mr. Tipton . As being the enforcers, the experts in the field, and you are saying, ``This is a mystery. We are having now to look back and see what went wrong.''    You know, actually, this is in my district.    Mr. Tipton. I have talked to engineers, miners that work in that area. They would not have proceeded the way that the EPA did. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank the panel for sitting there for an extended period of time.    Councilman Olguin, we had an opportunity to be able to visit just a little bit. The Southern Ute Tribe, Ute Mountain Ute Tribe, small communities in southwest Colorado; would you describe for us--When did the EPA reach out to you? I believe you had cited earlier you heard from the city of Durango. When did the EPA reach out to you?    Mr. Tipton. September 14. That is an extended period of time. Is that showing due respect to a governmental entity out of the EPA?    Mr. Tipton. Would you care to expand? I thought it was actually pretty impressive out of the Southern Ute Tribe being proactive, taking the initiative to be able to respond, and to be able to meet the needs of the community. Is there something that the EPA could maybe learn from you?    Mr. Tipton. Great. President Begaye, I do want to applaud you for getting the word out on that Form 95. We had heard that, as well, and found it incredibly disturbing that the EPA was trying to be able to get a waiver for the Navajo Nation people in particular, to be able to respond and to be able to seek real responsibility and accountability out of the EPA.    Dr. Wolk, I would like to maybe ask you a couple of questions. Do you think Colorado does a pretty good job, in terms of monitoring? We have engineers in Colorado, do we not?    Mr. Tipton. And we have a Colorado solution. Part of your job is to make sure that the people of the state of Colorado--and we obviously have a concurrent responsibility to our neighboring states, as well, that the water is going to actually be safe.    Does it concern you when we hear that, as Chairman Bishop noted in follow-up to my question, that they have zero engineers at the EPA, that they were up working on a mine that they said had the high potential to be able to blow out? Would the state of Colorado have handled it that way?    Mr. Tipton. You are in the government. It is your job to have some actual oversight. Wouldn't it have been prudent for the EPA to have had their engineers to be able to have the oversight, to be able to make some good choices before we had a catastrophe?    Mr. Tipton. But you would handle it very differently, as the state of Colorado?    Mr. Tipton. Right. You know, when we were talking--I would like to follow up on my colleague, Mr. Pearce's, comments there. If you had an unlimited budget, what do we do, going forward, given what we have seen out of the Gold King Mine? Would you be supportive of a Good Samaritan legislation?    Mr. Tipton. Councilman Olguin, would you describe a little bit some of the challenges and the economics for us in maybe a little more depth that you are facing, as a Southern Ute Tribe, based off of the EPA spill, and how it is impacting us in southern Colorado, and for you, specifically?    Mr. Tipton. Great. Thank you for being here. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Lujan.