    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to the witness. This is such an important conversation. As, we know that the CTE courses can help prepare students to succeed in careers, but also on college campuses, as we've discussed, and help them be prepared.    But that isn't all. The students also learn the soft skills as well as the hard skills, and I know Dr. Ricks mentioned this, like teamwork and the ability to communicate. And that serves them throughout their lives, regardless of where they end up in a career.    The good-quality CTE classes accomplish this while also preparing students to do well academically in postsecondary education as well as the workforce. And I really want to emphasize, because we've been talking a lot about how we message this and what's happened in our conversations, the ``E'' part of CTE stands for education. So we're not trying to convert education into job training. This is about educating students to be prepared for whichever path that they take.    And I want to mention, we're talking about success stories, I have several from the district I represent. Sherwood High School in Sherwood, Oregon, they have an all-girls welding class, fills up every year. They also have a program where the students build a house. They take architecture classes, interior design, environmental science and construction, and then they build and sell the house. It's a great experience. And they have a mobile fab lab where the teacher has an RV and he drives around, not just to other schools, but to other districts to help inform their teachers about what they can do.    But the tremendous benefit, and I've seen and talked with the students who participate in these classes, that they get inherent benefit from making something tangible. And those lessons are really important. Newberg High School in my district has a whole range, from culinary classes to CAD labs. And when I was out there, they really emphasized the importance of the Perkins funding. Yamhill Carlton High School, which is down in wine country, not only do they have a manufacturing class with a local polymer manufacturer, they have also started a viticulture class at their high school.    And then there are courses that continue at the community college. Portland Community College has one of the Nation's top job training programs as recognized by the White House, where they use an innovative approach to help unemployed workers complete short-term stackable credits that give them skills.    So those are just a few of the examples.    And Dr. Ricks, I mentioned the all-girls welding class at Sherwood High School and their homebuilding class. Now, that district has about 5,000 students. This beautiful pen you might have noticed because we're in a small room today, that wood pen was made by a student at Gaston. They have 564 students total in their entire school district. When their teacher gave me this pen, he talked about what this means to the students to actually make things and how engaged they are. Warrenton High School, over on the Oregon coast, has only 285 students, but they run a fish hatchery at their school and have an aquaculture program.    So, Dr. Ricks, how do you bring high quality academic programs, especially to rural and underrepresented communities? And I share your concern about--and Dr. Major and all of you on the panel--about what a shift to competitive funding would mean. But how do you really bring those programs around the country to rural and underrepresented students as well as in large urban districts?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. I'm sorry to interrupt. I want to get another quick question in.    Ms. Bonamici. I want to talk about STEAM, integrating art and design into STEM.    Dr. Major, you really talked about the students who consider college as a viable pathway once they get into a CTE course or program. Can you discuss what an effective CTE program can do to make sure that students do receive a well-rounded education that includes language, art, science, math, other subjects?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. I see my time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.