    Mr. Welch. A couple of preliminary matters. First of all, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ranking Member, thank you for having this hearing. And I thought your opening statements set the right tone: What is it in the market that's broken that is causing these prices to be increased?    Also, Mr. Hice is asking about whether there is something we can do at the FDA in the approval process. I'm all in if there are things we can do that won't compromise safety.    Second, full disclosure. Mylan has an excellent production facility in St. Albans, Vermont. Many Vermonters work there. I'm very proud of it. Good wages and it's a good employer.    And then third, what drug companies do, I totally agree, is vitally important. You know, my first wife had cancer 9 years, and medications extended her life and alleviated her suffering. So it's important to get it right.    But here's the dilemma, and it's best summed up by a letter that I received--we all got a lot of them--from a person in Essex Junction.    ``My 4-year-old son has a severe peanut allergy, and I'm a single mother working a low-wage job with little healthcare coverage. I can't afford to pay this much for EpiPens, and I can't afford not to, because that cost is possibly his life.''    So the heart of the matter here is that moms and dads are being given a Hobson's choice. They can pay more than they can afford or they can risk a loss they cannot endure. And that's why it's so urgent that we work together to get to the bottom of this.    And I want to focus my questions on some of what I think are the market breakdowns for lack of competition. And again, Mr. Hice, I acknowledge, the FDA, maybe we've got to make some reforms there, but there are some things that are happening.    When your company bought the EpiPen, the company and got the EpiPen, that was in 2007, I think, right?    Mr. Welch. And how many EpiPens were sold then?    Mr. Welch. Probably way less than half, right?    I have a question about the basic economics. Usually when you sell more of something, the per-unit cost goes down. Is that not the case with EpiPen?    Mr. Welch. All right. So you're going to give us--you'll give us the figures on that. Because I understand you're saying it's 50 bucks that is the money in your pocket, which sounds like it would be reasonable. But as you can tell from a lot of the questions, there's a lot of head scratching going on here about that.    Mr. Welch. Well, and I'm going to ask you to get your graph out that you gave us where the wholesale acquisition price is 608 bucks, that's what people are paying. And then you got down to the bottom, it's 50 bucks for the profit per pen.    Mr. Welch. That 50 bucks sounds reasonable. But the rebates and allowances, who is getting all that money?    Mr. Welch. Okay. Isn't the service that a pharmacy benefit manager provides essentially to negotiate a best price with the pharmaceutical companies to get a given drug? And they get a rebate, right?    Mr. Welch. Well, you work with----    Mr. Welch. No, but I'm not talking philosophically. We're all trying to understand, like, how it works.    So the PBM buys huge quantities of drug A, B, or C, and then they get a discount from Pfizer or from you, and they keep some of that, and it's the way they make their money.    And part of their way of negotiating is with the so-called formulary, right? So if you have heart disease, there might be an option of drug A, B, or C, and they put on the formulary drug A, and there's increase volume there and they get a rebate, right?    Mr. Welch. With respect to epinephrine, there's no formulary. If you're having anaphylactic shock, there's only one thing you need, and it's the product that you sell.    Mr. Welch. All right, but----    Mr. Welch. But somehow you've ended up with 94 percent or 97 percent of the market.    Mr. Welch. No, I understand that. But in this graph, I mean, what is just impossible to understand is how does something cost $608 when the company that sells it is only making 50 bucks, and that is hard to understand.    Mr. Welch. All right. I don't have much time, so I have to keep going.    You know, this is hammering that Vermonter who has that Hobson's choice, but it's also very tough on taxpayers. Our Medicaid program in 2011 was paying $111 per script, and we spent in Vermont--and this is a lot of money for us--we spent then $111. Now it's $557. We went from $256,000 in taxpayer money to $1.7 million. That's tough. I mean, that really is tough.    Mr. Welch. Right. But the generic--what I understand, it used to be the position that you had, Mylan had, is that doing these authorized generics was a real threat to the generic industry. That's the public record of your point of view.    Mr. Welch. If I can just go on a little bit. One other thing. The cost of EpiPen in the Netherlands is 105 bucks, and that's where your corporate headquarters are. How do they get 105--and you moved your headquarters from the U.S. to the Netherlands--how is it they get to buy it for 105 bucks and we pay 608?    Mr. Welch. I guess I yield back.