    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. On November 18, Anwar Laghari, the brother of the Sindh activist who is the chief advocate here in Washington, Munawar Laghari, was killed. There is an ongoing investigation. I want to thank you and the State Department for the counsel general's focus on this. And it raises the bigger issue as to whether there are forces in Pakistan that are simply hostile to any region of the country other than Punjab. What percentage of the general officers of the military are Punjabi? I don't know if you have that available.    Mr. Sherman. Okay. Zero-based budgeting, most people I represent feel that the roughly $2 billion we give Pakistan could be better spent in the San Fernando Valley. If we are not willing to talk about simply a zero figure for aid to Pakistan, we have no leverage. The doctor that helped us get Osama bin Laden will be rotting in prison. Do we have a plan, as one of several options, to go to zero? And what would we expect the Pakistani response to be? Is it considered an act of war to fail to give another country money?    Mr. Sherman. Other countries don't give them money, and they still talk. I am not saying we close our Embassy. Are you saying the Pakistanis would refuse to talk to us? Does every other country have to give them money as like a party gift to go have a conversation?    Mr. Sherman. Look, I know that we do some good for Pakistanis. If we spent that money in India or in Congo, we would do an equal amount of good. What is the Pakistani response if we simply say ``zero''?    Mr. Sherman. So we are spending $2 billion, much of it military. And if we eliminated the military aid, it is clear that the Pakistani military does some good. It is also clear that the Pakistani military and the ISI do some harm. Have we discussed with the Pakistanis that perhaps Congress would simply specify zero, particularly if we didn't see some changes in policies, starting with the release of the doctor who helped us get Osama bin Laden? Have you talked to the Pakistanis that there is sentiment in the Congress to go to zero?    Mr. Sherman. Do we have assurance that the money we give them is not used for oppression and terrorism rather than prosperity and counterterrorism? Money is fungible. They may be confronting the Haqqani Network or not. Or they may be funding the organizations that kill people in Mumbai. How do we know which of those two activities our money is funding?    Mr. Sherman. Unless they think that you are willing under some circumstances to recommend zero to the United States Congress, you will not achieve our objectives. And the biggest weathervane is the physician that helped us get Osama bin Laden. For us to ignore that they were harboring him in one of their safest and most military towns and then say we should ignore the fact that they have that doctor in prison, it begs the question of whether the aid we give them is warranted.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Pakistan is the only schizophrenic nuclear power. Winning over the people of Pakistan is one of the most important things we can do. Voice of America spends a lot of money around the world. I hope that you would be an advocate for making sure that we have a robust program not just in Urdu but also in the Sindhi and other languages. Please do not be fooled by them saying: Well, a lot of people have some working knowledge of Urdu. You are in the marketing business. People in my town spend billions of dollars advertising in Spanish to people who prefer to listen in Spanish. They don't say: Well, you know, we are going to test those people and see, what is their working knowledge?    You reach people in the language they want to listen in. And the fact that we are talking about $2 billion a year and we are not spending $1 million a year to reach people in the Sindhi language is something I hope you will do something about. I have been trying. I have not been successful. I am counting on you.    I want to second just about everything Mr. Higgins said. I was an advocate in my first 5 minutes, or a devil's advocate, for a zero-based budget for Pakistan. That is obviously not what we are going to do. I do hope that you will confer to the Pakistanis, though, that if there ever was a vote on the floor of the House to say not one penny can be disbursed until Dr. Afridi and his family are safe here, it would pose a danger to the U.S. Congress because we would be stampeding to vote yes. And that would be a danger to some of our colleagues.    As to--yes, everybody would stampede; those voting first would be stampeded by those trying to be first.    Focusing on that aid, obviously, schools are important. USAID dedicated more than $155 million <greek-l>dollars  deg.to building and improving schools in Sindh. A 2014 USAID inspector general report found that 3 years in, the program was not achieving its goals; it had unrealistic expectations; that no schools had been built; that there was little improvement in early grade reading.    That was a report in 2014. Has anything been done to make sure that education aid in Sindh is more effectively spent? And if you don't have that information, you can respond for the record.    Mr. Sherman. That idea may have come from Congress. Go on.    Mr. Sherman. I look forward to that. I would also like you to explore with USAID the idea that a good chunk of our aid should go there in the form of providing free textbooks. That would allow us to make sure that the content of those textbooks, perhaps not passing a politically correct test in the Democratic Club in the San Fernando Valley, would be consistent with, if not reflective, of American values.    Second, every student sees on the front page, ``Provided by the people of the United States,'' every day.    Third, it is very hard to steal a textbook because if the United States is providing free textbooks, who are you going to sell the textbooks to? Everybody who wants textbooks got them for free.    And, fourth, one of the advantages of the madrassa is they got free textbooks; we ought to have free textbooks.    Finally, what would it take to get Pakistan to be a status quo power? That is to say, generally accepting a Kashmir situation. Is there any amount of development aid the world could provide to the Kashmiri people? Is there any change in the level of local autonomy that India could provide? I realize everybody wants to get a Nobel Prize for solving the Israeli-Palestinian question. There might be a prize in it for you. Is there anything--not so that Pakistan would formally accept the situation, but so that they could calm down, agree to live for a decade or so without Kashmir being at the top of their list?    Mr. Sherman. That is not important.    Mr. Sherman. And we were supposed to meet in my office. They closed every school in my district. I look forward to meeting with you.