    Mr. Kline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here.    I think there is nobody probably in this room and certainly up here who doesn't agree that financial advisers ought to be acting in the best interests of their client. But the rule doesn't simply say that. The rule is in fact quite complex.    Dr. Roe lifted up the book and it is about this thick. And clearly, there is a lot of confusion.    And so I am not as thrilled as the Ranking Member that you have extended the comment period by 15 days; 45 would have been better. But the more discussion we have, I think, the better because right now I am afraid the rule is going to prove to be pretty complex and in some cases may be unworkable.    Mr. Secretary, you said that you have had extensive outreach to the SEC. And since you are here under oath, I have got to assume that is a true statement, but it may depend upon what ``extensive'' and what ``outreach'' means.    As you know, Mr. Secretary, going back to March 4, the Committee has asked for documents and communications to verify that substantive coordination has occurred between the Department of Labor and the Securities and Exchange Commission. And after months of virtually no response, less than 48 hours before this hearing the Department produced 827 pages of mostly scheduling emails, Outlook calendar items, and similar things.    And this leads us to believe the Department has still not provided a complete response to our inquiry.    So here are the questions. Do these 827 pages represent the entirety of the written communications between DOL and the SEC?    Mr. Kline. Do these 827 pages that we just got from the Department represent the entirety of the written communications between DOL and the SEC on this fiduciary standard?    Mr. Kline. And we reviewed them quickly.    So I am not sure I still have the answer to the question. Is there more documentation that we have not yet received?    Mr. Kline. But you are not claiming executive privilege for not providing more documents, you just haven't found them yet?    Mr. Kline. Well, is it all of the collaboration? That is what we are getting at.    I mean, we would like to have a log from you identifying responsive documents by date, author, subject line, recipients, and a summary of content. That is what we have asked for and we haven't gotten that. We got 827 pages of stuff, and I appreciate getting the 827 pages.    But as you know, Mr. Secretary, there has been a great deal of debate and conversation and unrest about who should be doing this in the first place, right? The SEC is charged under Dodd-Frank with some activities here. DOL is acting under ERISA for this.    But we have been looking at coordination. We have had legislation in this body insisting that SEC act before DOL, that has not been signed by the President, it is not law.    But we are very, very concerned as a body about what this coordination is between DOL and SEC. You have given us a bunch of stuff, we are looking for something a little bit more precise than that. And I hope you will be able to provide that.    Mr. Kline. I guess I believe a lot; I am looking for a little more precision.    I yield back.