    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I join you in thanking Ranking Member Cummings for bringing this important issue to the committee's attention.    This is not a new problem. The Government Accountability Office has identified the security of Federal information systems and critical infrastructure as a government-wide high-risk issue every year since 1997. Congress recently took action to address the cybersecurity threat. Last year we passed an update to the Federal Information Security Management Act, or FISMA, of 2014. This committee, and particularly the IT Subcommittee, which I chair, intends to closely monitor the implementation of FISMA 2014 because FISMA is the backbone of the Federal response to the cybersecurity threat.    A key aspect of these reforms was increased accountability and transparency for OMB and DHS and all Federal agencies with regard to cybersecurity, and Federal agencies are now required to report to Congress when their networks are hacked. This increased transparency will allow Congress to better understand how our Government is protecting some of our most sensitive information.    Concerns about cybersecurity are not limited to government networks. Hackers have successfully breached the networks of government contractors like USIS and KeyPoint. Their computer networks contain extremely sensitive information about thousands of Federal employees cleared to access classified information. In fact, almost one-third of all personnel who provide security services at the 24 major Federal agencies are contractors. So we have to make sure government contractors are protecting the information we entrust them to protect.    After all, as the chairman said, if one of our Nation's most secure networks, the White House, is vulnerable and susceptible to these attacks, then how do we know to what extent other agencies and contractors are preparing themselves?    Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with you and the ranking members and members on both sides of the aisle in this process. I yield back.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Scott.    Ms. Seymour, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Ms. Seymour.    Mr. Wilshusen, you are recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Fischer, you are recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Dr. Fischer, and thanks to everyone on the panel for your opening remarks.    We will begin questioning with my colleague from Florida, Mr. Mica.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, sir.    I would like to now recognize Mr. Lynch from Massachusetts for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Without objection, so moved.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Scott.    I would now like to recognize Mr. Russell from Oklahoma for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Again, I would like to now yield five minutes to Mrs. Maloney, from New York.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    I would now like to recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    Now I would like to recognize Mr. Cartwright, from Pennsylvania, for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    I would like to now recognize Mr. DeSantis, from Florida, for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. The gentleman yields back.    I would like to now recognize the ranking member of the Information Technology Subcommittee, Ms. Kelly, from Illinois, for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Votes have been called and the intention is to allow Ms. Norton to get through her questions, then we will in recess and pick up the questioning after votes. So, with that, I would like to recognize Ms. Norton, from the District of Columbia, for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you. Votes have been called on the House floor. The committee will stand in recess to allow members to vote and come back. We anticipate reconvening at the end of the last vote, and we will advise member offices regarding the exact time.    The committee will stand in recess.    Mr. Hurd. I would like to thank you all for being patient. The committee will now reconvene and I would like to recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Ranking Member Cummings.    I would like to recognize myself for five minutes.    The first question I have is to you, Mr. Scott. One, thank you for being here today. Like you, I think I have been here for four weeks longer than you have in this position, and having come out of the private sector most recently, trying to get our hands around what is really going on, and one of the interesting things that I find is that some very basic questions, the Federal Government, we haven't answered them.    If North Korea launched a missile at San Francisco, we know how we would respond; the North Koreans know how we would respond. That is a physical-on-physical attack. A digital-on-physical attack, we have a little bit example of that, that Stuxnet from a couple years ago. But what is a digital-on-digital attack? What reaches the level of a digital act of war?    Who is having these conversations? How are we going to go about answering some of these questions? I would really just like your insight on those issues and how we are going to come to some resolution as a whole of Government.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you. One of the things that this committee as a whole and my Subcommittee on Information Technology specifically is going to be looking at the continued implementation of FISMA from 2014, and I am interested on your thoughts on where the guidance to all the agencies and departments on implementation of FISMA is and when can we expect some of that guidance.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    Mr. Hurd. Excellent. Thank you.    The next question is to you, Ms. Seymour, to follow up on some of the questions that Mr. Cummings had. You had mentioned that US-CERT was limited in their ability to scan the network of USIS. Why was that?    Mr. Hurd. So in your role, and this is not you specifically, but you as the CIO of OPM, do you have enough authority to mandate something like that happen?    Mr. Hurd. Within your own agency.    Mr. Hurd. What about if it comes to a subcontractor that your agency is employing?    Mr. Hurd. But as of right now, if you walked in and said I want to see this part of the network scanned, I want to do a vulnerability assessment of a certain part of the network that is being managed by a subcontractor, you would have the authority to be able to do that?    Mr. Hurd. No, I appreciate that. One other issue. I know we are talking about FISMA here today, but at some point we will probably talk about FITARA. And I know this is something that was good legislation that was passed last year. I think it is pretty insane that the Federal CIO doesn't have complete jurisdiction over certain elements of the networks that you are tasked to protect, and that is unfortunate. So we will be looking at the implementation of that.    I know Mr. Connolly, my colleague, is very interested in that, since he was part of the group that passed the legislation in the last cycle, so I appreciate you all being here.    With that, I would like to recognize Mr. Connolly for five minutes.    Mr. Hurd. Dr. Fischer?    Mr. Hurd. Thank you.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you. And I do look forward to working with you over these next couple of weeks and months on FITARA and how we can make sure the Federal Government is doing the things that it is supposed to be doing.    I want to thank the witnesses for your appearances here today. I appreciate you all being flexible. This is a conversation we could sit here for the next three days and just scratch the surface. I look forward to future conversations with you all and get a little bit more into the nitty-gritty on these issues. And I do think this is one of those areas where the House, the Senate, and the White House can work together to make sure that we are protecting the digital infrastructure of the Federal Government and doing everything we can to help the private sector protect themselves. So I look forward to working with you all.    With that, if there is no further business, the committee stands adjourned.