    Chairman Kline. A quorum being present, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will come to order.    Good morning. I would like to begin by extending a special welcome to Governor Pete Ricketts. Governor, we are grateful to you for taking time out of your schedule to join us as a testament to the importance of this issue, and your dedication to the people of your state.    We are here to discuss the latest in a series of actions by the National Labor Relations Board, designed to empower big labor at the expense of America's workers.    In recent years, the President's appointees at the NLRB have undermined employee free choice through an ambush election scheme, stifled employee freedom through micro unions, and restricted employee access to secret ballot elections.    Now, the board is setting its sight on the freedom of choice provided to employees under the state right-to-work laws. In 1947, Congress passed a number of amendments to the National Labor Relations Act. One of those amendments allowed states to prohibit compulsory union membership. This important policy, known as right-to-work, simply means union membership cannot be a condition of employment and employees cannot be required to pay union dues or fees.    Today, 25 states have enacted right-to-work laws, with Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin recently joining the ranks. Union leaders vigorously oppose right-to-work because it leads to less control over workers and fewer dollars flowing to union coffers. But this isn't about what is best for unions, it is about what is best for workers.    Every worker has a fundamental right to decide whether or not to join a union. Those who decide not to join a union shouldn't be punished for that decision, especially when the punishment denies a worker the chance to provide for his or her family. That is why it is deeply troubling the Obama Labor Board is trying to undermine a policy embraced by workers and state leaders across the country.    In April, the Board requested public comment on whether it should adopt a new rule permitting unions to charge nonunion members grievance fees in right-to-work states. We have long heard complaints from labor leaders about so-called ``free riders''--the idea that workers who opt out of union representation and associated fees still avail themselves of the provisions laid out in the collective bargaining agreement.    When it comes to the grievance process, this argument is deeply flawed for a simple reason: workers have no choice. The grievance process is outlined in the collective bargaining agreement, and even nonunion members are bound by its requirements. There is no other recourse for nonunion members to resolve grievances aside from the process stipulated in the labor contract.    If we adopted Big Labor's logic, workers would be stuck between a rock and a hard place. They would either have to pay the union fee or forfeit any opportunity to resolve grievances with their employers. That is not what Congress intended nearly 70 years ago, and it is not what Congress intends today.    Despite the complaints of labor leaders, current policies governing grievance fees have been board precedent for decades and have been upheld in federal court. These policies shouldn't be discarded by an unelected and unaccountable board of bureaucrats.    For those who would argue we are getting ahead of ourselves, I would simply note that we have been down this road before. The board has a track record of seizing routine cases as a means to impose sweeping changes on our nation's workplaces. We have no reason to believe this case will be any different, and America's workers are once again expected to pay the price.    Right-to-work is an important tool for state leaders trying to attract new businesses and good-paying jobs. Employers at home and abroad are increasingly drawn to right-to-work states. No doubt, Governor Ricketts will explain for us why that continues to be true. Working families win when companies like Volvo, BMW, and Volkswagen build factories here in the United States. With millions of Americans searching for full-time work, why would we discourage that kind of investment in our nation's workers?    Just as importantly, why would we accept a policy that undermines the right of workers to decide whether or not they want to join a union? The board needs to pull back and leave employees in right-to-work states alone.    Before closing, I want to make a brief comment about our witness panel. Staff received word late last night that one of our intended witnesses had expressed publicly a number of offensive views. The views expressed by this individual do not reflect the views of this committee or its members, and that is why the committee withdrew the invitation for this individual to testify. It is regrettable this occurred, and we look forward to a productive hearing on the important issue at hand.    With that, I will now recognize Ranking Member Scott for his opening remarks.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman, however much we may disagree.    Pursuant to committee rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted for the official hearing record.    I will now introduce our distinguished witnesses. The Honorable Pete Ricketts is the Governor of Nebraska. Governor Ricketts was sworn in as Nebraska's 40th governor on January 8th, 2015. Prior to his election as Governor, he worked to support Nebraska entrepreneurs and start-up companies. He has also previously held various leadership roles in TD Ameritrade.    Mr. Walter Hewitt is a director of technology with the United Way of Southeast Connecticut in Gales Ferry, Connecticut, and is testifying on his own behalf. Mr. Hewitt is responsible for all information technology initiatives at United Way of Southeast Connecticut. Prior to joining United Way in 2007, Mr. Hewitt worked at TriVIN, CCEH, and Pfizer.    Dr. Robert Bruno is a professor at the University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign. Dr. Bruno is the director of the labor education program, and his research focuses broadly on working-class and union studies issues.    Dr. Elise Gould is a senior economist at the Economic Policy Institute here in Washington, D.C. Her research areas include wages, poverty, inequality, economic mobility, and health care.    Mr. Mark Mix is President of the National Right-to-Work Committee in Springfield, Virginia. Prior to joining National Right-to-Work Committee in 1990, Mr. Mix worked for several state level right-to-work groups.    I will now ask our witnesses to stand and to raise your right hand.    Let the record reflect the witnesses answered in the affirmative. You may be seated. I can't imagine the day when a witness doesn't answer in the affirmative. But there we are.    Before I recognize you to provide your testimony, let me once again briefly explain our lighting system. It is a little antiquated, but it is pretty straightforward. You have five minutes to present your testimony. And by the way, I have yet to gavel down any witness who ran over in presenting their testimony. But I would encourage you, please try to stay within that, because we want to give all members the chance to participate.    When you begin, the light in front of you will turn green. When one minute is left, the light will turn yellow. And when your time is expired, the light will turn red.    I will point out that I will be less forgiving for members of the committee, as we will adhere to the five-minute rule.    I would now like to recognize Governor Ricketts.    Governor Ricketts. Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and members of the committee, I thank you for examining the new and serious threat to state right-to-work laws from the National Labor Relations Board.    Should the NLRB's threat be carried out, the board's actions would seriously impair employees' personal freedom, the economies of 25 states that have the right-to-work laws, and the U.S. economy.    According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, Nebraska has the lowest unemployment rate, at 2.5 percent. We know our right-to-work laws present a competitive advantage for us and contribute to this because it sends the right message to employers and employees.    When I was president of Accutrade, a subsidiary of what is now TD Ameritrade, we were looking to expand outside the state and we were going to create several hundred jobs. One state, Oklahoma, approached us. And when we found out they were not a right-to-work state, we stopped the conversation. There wasn't any point going further. We know that being a right-to-work state is a competitive advantage in being able to attract businesses and new jobs.    Last year, I was elected as governor of Nebraska. Nebraska has a long history of defending freedom. In fact, in 1946, Nebraska voted 60 percent to 40 percent to adopt a right-to-work law prohibiting compulsory union membership. This was even before Congress had passed the Taft-Hartley Act, reaffirming the power of states to approve and enforce such laws.    Like the overwhelming majority of my constituents, I am a strong supporter of the nearly seven decades of the right-to-work provision in Nebraska's constitution. Along with other like-minded Nebraskans, I will fight with determination against any and all attempts by the Federal Government to undermine the power of the states to protect employees within our borders and forced union affiliation.    Now, the NLRB is threatening to undermine the power of the states and impose fees on free people by board fiat. The board would grant private sector union officials compulsory workplace grievance privileges. The intended consequence will be to undermine the right-to-work freedom currently granted by Nebraska and 24 other states.    Requiring a nonmember to pay for a union's participation is unreasonable and unfair. And it makes perfect sense that both the courts and the NLRB have consistently barred organized labor from charging nonmembers in right-to-work states to get their grievances processed, when union members can have their grievances processed for free.    But now the NLRB seems poised to do an about-face on its own precedent going back to 1953. The NLRB's apparent eagerness to suddenly give a green light to forced grievance fees is especially disturbing to Nebraskans. Right-to-work supporters in our state fought this battle over a decade ago and thought we had won up until the spring when the NLRB made their announcement.    Over 10 years ago, officers in the AFL-CIO had lobbied for a bill called L.B. 230, which would be very similar to what the NLRB is now proposing. L.B. 230 would have entitled organized labor to charge agency fees to nonunion members and then actually sue those workers who refused to pay it. Effectively, you know, forcing them to accept the fees.    Supporters of this legislation managed to attach the language of L.B. 230 into a high-priority workers' compensation reform bill. But grassroots opponents, assisted by the National Right-to-Work Committee, kept fighting back.    Finally, State Senator Adrian Smith, who I am happy to say is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives today, vowed he would lead a protracted fight to stop the workers' comp reform bill if it came to the floor with the forced unionization language still attached. In the end, the forced grievance fees provision was not enacted.    Mr. Chairman, the battle that occurred in the early to mid-2000s to defeat L.B. 230 in Nebraska was a classic example of representative government in action. It is unfortunate and would be a travesty if the NLRB would now choose to bureaucratically override the will of the people. This is an issue of precedence and State's rights. This is about the people I represent, who respect the right to organize and respect the right to decline.    Nebraska and 24 other states protect the rights of workers to handle the grievances as they see fit. This is a proposal that is a solution in search of a problem and would hurt individual rights, employers, and continued economic growth.    Thank you very much for the opportunity to be here to testify.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Governor. And thank you for staying within the five minutes. That is a good example.    Mr. Hewitt?    Chairman Kline. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Bruno you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Thank you. Dr. Gould, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Thank you.    Chairman Kline. Gentleman yields back. I want to apologize for stepping out for a minute. It is a crazy world that we live in. And thank Dr. Foxx for taking the chair for a few minutes.    Dr. Bruno stated in his testimony, roughly quoting here, that nothing in the case before the board on grievance fees affects the power of a state to adopt right-to-work laws or affects any such law currently on the books. Roughly a direct quote.    Governor Ricketts, do you agree with that?    Governor Ricketts. No, I would disagree with that. In fact, as I mentioned in my testimony, we have actually fought this battle over 10 years ago. And during the course of that discussion, our attorney general ruled--and I think other courts have found the same--that if you are compelling nonunion members to pay grievance agency fees, whatever it is, you are essentially compelling them to join the union, which is in direct contradiction of our constitution in Nebraska and, in general, the principle of the right-to-work states.    So this proposed rule would actually be a direct attack on the 25 right-to-work states and the laws that they have passed, in our case, our Constitution.    Chairman Kline. Thank you. Continuing with Dr. Bruno's testimony. He says that right-to-work policy is a misguided means to individual advancement at the expense of others.    Mr. Mix, your testimony highlights how compulsory unionization advances certain individuals at the expense of others. Could you briefly summarize that section of your testimony? Let's get clear on this.    Mr. Mix. Yes, it is interesting. When you think about the idea that a collective, no good worker can be rewarded above any other worker, no bad worker can be disciplined as opposed to other workers when it comes to a monopoly bargaining contract. Basically, even union officials and union economists have indicated this, that it is clear that union--compulsory union agreements and monopoly bargaining agreements actually hold back some of the most productive workers. And it stops them from being rewarded for their good work, because all of the raises or bonuses or anything have to be negotiated in the contract.    So it is very clearly detrimental to some of the best workers, and it is very beneficial to some of the worst workers.    Chairman Kline. Yes, thank you. It is interesting to see the steady decline in union membership in the private sector. And I am always fascinated in these hearings and these discussions. Everybody has got statistics, boy, they have got research they are ready to quote. And it depends on what baseline you start with and what you factor in and out.    I am looking at a little factsheet here that shows some numbers derived from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Department of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, and some more stuff from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.    And it gets to--again, these are--depends on where you start. But if you look, for example, according to this, at the growth and the number of residents in the state, in right-to-work states they are a growing by 5.4 percent between 2003 and 2013. And the other states are declining by 4.1 percent. So I can understand why some governors would be pretty strong proponents, as we have seen in recent months, for right-to-work laws.    More statistics. Here again, if you look from 2004 to 2014, the percentage of growth in nonfarm private sector payroll employment in right-to-work states is 9.9 percent, in the other states it is 5.1 percent. The percentage of growth and total private sector nonfarm employment; right-to-work states 16.2 percent, other states, those are forced-union states, 9.3 percent. Percentage real growth in private sector employee compensation; right-to-work states 15.3 percent, forced-union states 8.4 percent.    So we have heard all kinds of other different statistics here. Dr. Gould had a different starting point. If you start in 1970, you get a different number. I think they are important. And it is important for us to understand where we are starting when we are looking at these statistics.    So trying to--in my continuing futile effort to set the standard here, I am going to yield back and recognize Ms. Fudge. I think you are next.    Chairman Kline. Thank the gentlelady. I am just noticing here, looking at statistics again and listening to Dr. Bruno, from the Bureau of the Census the welfare, the TANF recipients per thousand residents in right-to-work states is five and in forced union states is 15.6. So depends on where you measure.    Mr. Byrne?    Chairman Kline. Gentleman yields back.    Mr. Pocan, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Without objection.    Chairman Kline. Gentleman's time is expired.    Mr. Bishop.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman.    Ms. Bonamici?    Chairman Kline. Thank the gentlelady.    Mr. Allen?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Kline. Mr. DeSaulnier.    Chairman Kline. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Grothman, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. I am sorry. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Grijalva?    Chairman Kline. Gentleman yields back. Mr. Walberg.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time--    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Thompson?    Mr. Mix, in your testimony you described how the NLRB has deviated from its original intent; to protect workers against unfair labor practices and determine whether or not they wish to be represented by a union.    And aside from the fee-for-grievance method that we have just illustrated, can you outline some of the intimidation tactics that are being used in the workplace to pressure individuals into joining unions? And what can the Federal Government do to address this problem?    Mr. Mix. Yes, there is lots there. You know, I think this debate has actually kind of migrated into the debate between unions and management. And, you know, when we wrote the Labor Code back in 1935, it was designed to be for employees.    And unfortunately, we are no longer in that mode where the employees are a party. And even, in fact, all of us tend to slip into that context of saying this is a battle with union and management. It is not. The act was designed to protect individual employees.    And let me just give you a quick example of the NLRB and a case we just got done with and at a company called NTB Bauer in Alabama. The workers there decided they wanted to decertify the union using the rules under the NLRB procedures to do that. In over two years, they had five different votes to do that. Four of those votes were won by the employees but challenged by organized labor. During that whole process, these workers were still compelled to be represented by that union that they had thrown out not once, not twice, not three times, but four times.    This is an act that is being stacked against individual workers' rights. And that, fundamentally, is where we need to go back to determine whether or not these issues and these policies that they are gonna promulgate are favorable to workers. And I would suggest forcing workers to pay fees to an organization they did not ask for, did not vote for, did not want is coercive by nature, and it is clearly violative of the 25 state right-to-work laws.    Chairman Kline. Gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Takano?    Chairman Kline. Gentleman yields back.    Mr. Rokita?    Mr. Mix. Yes, in Chattanooga the UAW announced that they had a majority of workers there and they wanted the company to accept a card check unionization, meaning we hand you these cards, you agree that these workers have said they want the union.    And so they announced publicly that they had a majority. They couldn't prove it. No one saw them. We actually ended up representing several employees down there in Tennessee. They had a secret ballet election. The employees won the election voting against recognition by the UAW.    The UAW has come back now with what is a member-only bargaining unit, Local 42. And they want to talk to the company, they want to talk to the company on behalf of their members, only their members. Now, ultimately, they are gonna ask for exclusive bargaining privileges. That is pretty clear that is where they want to end up. But they recognize the fact that they can have member-only bargaining there and speak for them.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms. Clark?    Chairman Kline. Gentlewoman yields back.    Mr. Hinojosa?    Mr. Mix, isn't it the case that the first condition of employment is, indeed, a key qualifier?    Mr. Mix. Congressman, if I understand the question, what I would say is that section 14(b) allows states to authorize right-to-work laws and control union security agreements. And it has been the history for the last 60 years, both at the Supreme Court level, the federal court level, and since 1953 at the National Labor Relations Board, to say that the forced payment of a grievance fee in a right-to-work state is--you can't do it under section 14(b) of the Taft-Hartley Act. The Supreme Court has said that, the federal courts have said that. And that is what the NLRB has said.    And that is why we are here today, because ultimately, what we are gonna find is that when this rule comes out, we fully expect that the National Labor Relations Board position will be that they will not deem it a violation if a union decides to file--to charge a worker fees for a grievance. And I think that is the record in the courts going back to the Emporium case where, in the plumbers case from the D.C. circuit that said, you know, you can't do this. I think the litigation record and the record of the court is pretty clear. And I don't think that has been really in dispute here today.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. I see that we have crossed the magic 12:00 timeframe, so we are drawing to a close. I would like to recognize Mr. Scott for any of his closing comments.    Chairman Kline. Gentleman yields back. I want to thank the witnesses. Really good testimony. Thank you for traveling. Particularly you, Governor. Governor of a state, you are a very, very busy man. We appreciate you taking the time.    And once again, we had the battle of statistics going on here. It tells me we have got to look at a lot more--listen to the testimony of Dr. Bruno and Dr. Gould about the cost to the state. And then I look at these statistics from the Bureau of the Census. Again, it says that the rate of welfare recipients in forced union states is over three times that what it is in right-to-work states. So it is a study that we are gonna look at, and it is incumbent upon us to take a look at these things.    It seems clear to me, as I said in my opening remarks, that the National Labor Relations Board has got a clear agenda of growing private sector union membership at sort of any cost. And I disagree with my colleague who said that was kind of their job, because that is the way this sets up under the partisan nature of the NLRB, depending upon who is in the White House. And I dispute that. That is not what the NLRB is for, that is not what the National Labor Relations Act is for. It was to make sure that people have a fair say in whether or not they want to be in a union, whether those elections are conducted fairly.    That is what the National Labor Relations Board is for. It is not to push an agenda. It is not to push regulations to bypass the actions of Congress. So we have some work to do here.    Again, I want to thank you very, very much for joining us today. We are very, very grateful. There being no further business, we are adjourned.    