    Mr. Garamendi. Reviewing my statement earlier today and realizing there are four opening statements, Mr. Chairman, I would ask unanimous consent that my statement be in the record, and I will simply summarize very, very quickly, so that we can get on with hearing from the witnesses.    We have got about 95,000 miles of coastal area in the United States. We have got 360 ports of various sizes around the Nation, and islands, and so forth, all of which present an opportunity for bad things to happen. We are going to talk about those nuclear issues, the biological issues, all of those, and I look forward to hearing from the witnesses.    A very complex issue in many, many ways, but one that we have to deal with. Dirty bombs, real bombs, biological issues, and quite possibly we are now learning with Zika and yellow fever that it may just be a human that is infected coming in from an African port or a South American port that could initiate a major public health crisis in the United States.    And so these threats are real, they have to be addressed. The witnesses are well versed in these issues, and I am looking forward to hearing from them. And with that I yield back.    Mr. Garamendi. I want to thank the witnesses for all of their testimony. There are so many pieces to this puzzle. The outer ring, Ms. Harrington, and the work that you have done there--my colleague, Congresswoman McSally, went into the Russia issue in some detail. Just one additional question on that.    What efforts, if any, are being made to reengage with Russia on this issue?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, having said that, it appears as though the engagement is at a very low level. That is, not terribly active. Is that the case?    Mr. Garamendi. What steps are being made to--are being undertaken to enhance the engagement?    Mr. Garamendi. Like, when is your next trip to Russia?    Mr. Garamendi. This issue of engagement with Russia goes way beyond this particular set of concerns. And it seems to me that it is in the interest of Russia and the United States to enhance our engagement at every level: parliamentarian, military, nuclear, and the rest. And so I would encourage you to get on the airplane.    Next question, Mr. Owens. And maybe this goes beyond you to Dr. Brasure also, and that has to do with the secure freight initiative, which was at one point in six ports, and now appears to be only one port. Could you describe that situation, and why it has gone from six to one? And should it be more than just the port in Pakistan?    Mr. Garamendi. And that takes us to yesterday's hearing on the classified----    Mr. Garamendi . Piece of it. Good.    A question to all of you, and that is resources, as in money. And I would like all of you to address this issue of funding, which is our problem. Do you have adequate funding to carry out the tasks that you have been assigned? Let's start with the Coast Guard.    Mr. Garamendi. I don't need to hear all the task of the Coast Guard. The question was do you have adequate funding for this specific task that we are discussing today?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, you danced around the answer. The answer is not appreciated. Either you have adequate funding or you do not. If you do not, we need to know. I mean that is our job. It is our job to provide the funding necessary to protect America, and your job is to carry it out. And right now your job is to answer the question. Do you have adequate funding to carry out this specific task?    Mr. Garamendi. Very good.    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you.    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you. I yield.    Mr. Garamendi. Chair McSally, you seem to always anticipate my questions. And you were on to one that is very important. I was just thinking as you were asking your question about the recent report that was produced by the French Government on the terrorist attack in France. And the one thing that was most prominent in that report and in other reports is the inability or the lack of sharing of information between the various elements of the safety net, the various police, the intelligence community, and the like. And this is a question that Mr. Espie just raised, and it is one that really needs to have our attention. In all of these situations it comes back to the lack of information being passed on through the various organizations.    Leaving that aside, which does require our continued attention, I want to go to an issue that I know you raised, Mr. Espie, and that is the funding for port security. We heard from the earlier testimony from the Customs and Border Protection that they needed additional funding. I think they talked some 500 personnel. It wasn't clear where they needed to use that. I suspect that--I hope that that is in the ports.    Mr. Espie, can you speak directly to that issue?    Mr. Garamendi. I am going to interrupt you.    Mr. Garamendi. Because I am out of time, literally out of time. I would appreciate it if the--your association, the Port Security Association, could develop a specific memo to us on those kinds of shortcomings, and it is nationally as well as with the Port of Baltimore.    Mr. Garamendi. A final point is that the layer--the security through layered operations, beginning way off in Kazakhstan all the way back home, becomes really important. There is a funding issue in each one of these layers, and we really need to get at the funding issues, as well as the efficiency of those particular units along the way.    And so, these kinds of hearings are very, very important, and particularly important that we do the combined hearing that the two chairmen have put together here. That is really an important piece of this, so that we are--at least we are coordinated and knowledgeable with what we are doing here. I want to really focus--and I will ask a series of questions, if the chairs would allow me to do so, to the various witnesses about specific funding shortfalls and the efficiency of the programs that you are operating.    Final point is, Mr. Canavan, you have been here twice and you have talked about a specific type of detection advice--device.    We had earlier Ms. Harrington from NNSA here. Now, as far as I know, Los Alamos is part of NNSA. And I am curious, and I will get into it from Ms. Harrington as well as from you, about your device and the applicability of that and the utility of that particular mechanism that you have talked about as a detection mechanism.    So, with that, I yield.