    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And firstly, I welcome you. I know you would rather be other places, and I probably wish you were other places too. But you are here. And this has all the trappings of impeachment, and that is kind of a sexy thing, so to speak, in political parlance.    But the constitutional standard for impeachment that this Committee considers is high crimes or misdemeanors. And I know that has been discussed today. The question is not whether you, Commissioner, have been a perfect administrator--and I am not saying you haven't--that is a question for the Ways and Means Committee to decide--they oversee the IRS--and for the President who appointed you, not for this Committee.    The question we are called upon in this context is to decide whether it have been high crimes or misdemeanors that warrant the extraordinary constitutional remedy of impeachment. And that would be high crimes or misdemeanors that you have committed, not that maybe people think your office or your predecessors committed.    We heard in our last hearing that although high crimes and misdemeanors need not be limited to criminal acts, the commissioner's critics still need to show that he acted with the some deliberate bad faith. They have not done so, and every other investigator who has looked at these facts--the Treasury inspector general, the Department of Justice, the Senate Finance Committee--have reached the same conclusion.    So it is regretful that you are here. But since you are here, I want to ask you this: Has the Internal Revenue Service been funded adequately to perform its job of catching tax cheats, and by catching tax cheats and/or the threat thereof gotten the revenues that are necessary to provide the services that government should be rendering?    Mr. Cohen. How much has the IRS budget been cut recently?    Mr. Cohen. Has been cut $900 million, is that what you said?    Mr. Cohen. Has anybody taken that figure and said that when you cut the IRS $900 million how much revenue is lost because of the lack of ability to audit----    Mr. Cohen. So we cut $900 million. We haven't saved $900 million. We have lost $4.1 billion?    Mr. Cohen. Does that contribute to the deficit?    Mr. Cohen. And if you cut IRS by that much money--and you all are kind of the whipping boy of the--my friends on the other side of the aisle, who don't like or think the government services are so necessary--the government has to fund entitlements, quote/unquote.    So if you don't have the money and we lose $4.1 billion, we are hurting the person at the bottom, the people that need government assistance. It is not an entitlement, whether it be SNAP payments, or it is energy, LIHEAP, folks not getting through the winters without freezing, they are not getting enough food for their children, our public schools or maybe even public health, the CDC and the NIH which is looking for cures for cancer, and Alzheimer's, and diabetes, and heart disease, and stroke, and all the other diseases that are coming to get each and every one of us, one day.    Those folks are getting hurt. When they attack you, they are attacking the NIH, they are attacking the CDC, they are attacking people who need SNAP payments to ease hunger and their children and WIC payments and public education and public health. Is that not true?    Mr. Cohen. Well, it is just incredulous to me. You have done nothing to warrant this hearing, but your office is under attack because government is under attack, and the government that is under attack is the government that takes care of the poorest and the least of these. Those that would be the most precious in the eyes of people who look at humanity as--at a sight of seeing how we treat others, and if we treat others as we should treat ourselves and follow the Golden Rule. And that is unfortunate.    And with that, I yield back.