    Mr. Katko. The Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Transportation Security, will come to order.    A bit of housekeeping before we proceed. I ask unanimous consent that the gentlewoman from Arizona, Ms. McSally, be allowed to sit on the dais and participate in this hearing.    Without objection, so ordered.    The subcommittee is meeting today to better understand the root causes of increased passenger wait times and gain local perspectives on this important issue.    I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    As the summer holiday season approaches, we are in the midst of a crisis at our airports. American families are planning to enjoy their time off traveling to points near and far, business men and women are doing the same that they do all year round, and the added crush of the travel season, leisure season, is causing particular problems.    As they begin their journeys, they will arrive at airports around the country only to be confronted with longer and longer lines at many airports at TSA checkpoints, causing some to return home after missing their flights and stranding others to take up temporary residence at the airport on a cot, like we saw in Chicago a few weeks ago.    Unfortunately, this is not an isolated incident, and this committee continues to receive reports from around the country describing delays at TSA checkpoints in excess of 2 hours. On Good Friday, March 25, 600 passengers missed their flights at the Charlotte Douglas International Airport due to an apparent lack of TSA manpower and checkpoint inefficiencies. In fact, that airport was nearly forced to effect a ground stoppage, a literal standstill of air traffic, due to delays at the checkpoint.    This is wholly unacceptable. I, along with the American taxpayer, expect the security at America's airports to be streamlined, effective, and efficient.    This committee has worked tirelessly with TSA to ensure that the manpower and technology they need to operate checkpoints at optimal levels is there.    While TSA realized there would be an issue and communicated to the American public that increased wait times should be expected at our Nation's airports as we enter the high travel seasons, they did not have a clear picture of the resources they would need to tackle this problem and clearly were not prepared for it.    The TSA fiscal year 2017 budget request did not account for any of the increases in overtime or staffing that they are now requesting to meet their basic screening function. It wasn't until widespread media reports of passengers on cots, which is completely unacceptable, and excessive wait times that TSA made the decision to request to reallocate assets to help combat the issue.    I, my colleagues on this committee, and Ms. McSally are growing increasingly frustrated that TSA needs constant prodding to effect positive changes at the agency.    This committee has passed several pieces of bipartisan legislation that would go a long way towards improving the overall security of airports, as well as improving checkpoint optimization. But the Senate refused to expedite passage of these important bills, standing on principle or some esoteric theory about how the agency should be run. In short, they are trying to polish the brass while the fire bell is ringing.    For example, my TSA PreCheck bill would require TSA to expand and aggressively market the program, thereby increasing the number of trusted travelers into the system, diverting them into PreCheck checkpoints, and alleviating the stress on the general public checkpoints. However, due to typical Washington antics, this bill, amongst others, remains stalled.    When I came to Congress I made a commitment to my constituents to tackle problems head on and just get things done. Last week, the subcommittee convened representatives from airports and airlines from across this country to discuss this wait time crisis and hear directly from them about what they think needs to be done to help. It was a very productive meeting, and it gave me faith that the process in Congress can and does work sometimes.    The message was consistent: TSA needs to collaborate with individual airlines and airport authorities to coordinate sufficient staffing levels on a local basis.    I have heard your message, and later today I will introduce the Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act of 2016, which will require TSA to maximize all of their available resources and give airports and airlines a seat at the table to ensure those resources are being utilized and allocated in the most effective and efficient manner.    Make no mistake, security is first and foremost. Those that wish to do us harm continue to plot against the aviation community, and we must be ready to confront them at every turn. But TSA has to find a way to maintain security while fulfilling its duty to keep passengers safely moving through the system. They have the capability to do it. TSA has to be forward-leaning and creative to address obstacles as they present themselves, just like all of us do in our daily jobs.    I would like to thank our witnesses for taking time out of their busy schedules and making multiple trips on short notice to Washington to aid us in solving this problem. I am lucky, honored, and fortunate to have the Syracuse International Airport, which I fly in and out of each week, as the well-oiled machine that it is, compared to the horror stories we heard at last week's roundtable discussion on checkpoint efficiency. I have Christina Callahan, one of the witnesses here, to thank for that.    I would like to thank all of you for being here today, and I look forward to hearing your perspective on the best and most effective way forward.    Mr. Katko. With that, I now recognize the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Payne, for his opening statement. I like those glasses.    Mr. Katko. Go orange.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Payne.    Other Members of the committee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    We are pleased to have a very distinguished panel here to testify before us today on this very important topic. Christina Callahan serves as executive director for Syracuse Hancock International Airport in Syracuse, New York. Ms. Bonnie Allin is president and CEO of the Tucson Airport in Tucson, Arizona. Ms. Lydia Beairsto serves as managing deputy commissioner for security in the department of aviation for the city of Chicago. Ms. Kerry Philipovitch, senior vice president for customer service at American Airlines. Mr. David Cox, National president of the American Federation of Government Employees.    Thank you all for being here today.    I now recognize Ms. Christina Callahan for an opening statement.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Callahan. Syracuse is indeed very fortunate to have you at the helm at the airport. I can tell you from personal experience that it is a generally very pleasurable experience. The only thing that is difficult is when you are trying to get a flight to Kennedy and it always seemed to be delayed.    But other than that, I really appreciate your efforts. Your forward thinking on getting a kiosk out at the airport, your forward thinking by giving free parking to TSA as like a marketing thing, that thinking outside the box, that is all good stuff. So thank you very much.    I would like to have Ms. McSally introduce her friend from the Tucson airport.    Ms. McSally.    Mr. Katko. Ms. Allin, you are on.    Mr. Katko. I have to interject, and I can assure you that is not the high season in Syracuse. That is the high season for snow. I am sorry to interrupt you. I couldn't resist.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Allin, for your testimony. We appreciate you being here today. It is interesting to juxtapose your experiences at your airport with what we experience in Syracuse. It seems like the larger the airport, the more acute the problems.    Now we are going to talk to Ms. Beairsto about that.    So, Ms. Beairsto, I appreciate your testimony today, and you have 5 minutes. Thank you.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Beairsto. Much of what you described towards the end of your testimony is embodied in the bill we are going to be presenting today to Congress. It is born out of our discussions with some of the folks in the audience last week and some of you, and I appreciate that. It is important.    One side thing that you said that caught me was opening the gates on time. If I understand, and perhaps you can all comment on this later, sometimes they open the gate at, like, 5:30 in the morning, but they don't actually start screening passengers for a while because they have to calibrate the machines and stuff. Then once the back-up starts, you can't catch up. That is just poor planning.    So there is much more to talk about with all of, but thank you very much for your testimony.    I now recognize Ms. Kerry Philipovitch, the senior vice president for customer experience at American Airlines--which I know very well because that is how I get here every week--for her testimony.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Philipovitch. I appreciate your testimony.    We will have several follow-up questions for all of you, of course.    I now recognize David Cox, National president of the American Federation of Government Employees, for his testimony.    Mr. Cox.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Cox, for your testimony. We appreciate you being here today.    Before I recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions, I do want to note that it is very interesting that the part-time employee attrition rate is nearly triple that of full-time employees at TSA. That is something I want to talk to you about in a few moments' time.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions.    One of the overarching observations from speaking to you last week all at the panel, two things: Expansion of TSA is critically important, and also it was a revelation to all of us that field service directors really have their hands tied to some extent with respect to making staff and allocation decisions and oftentimes are not interacting in an appropriate manner with the airports and airlines in the field.    So our bill addresses all of those things. But I do want to flesh them out a little bit. I will start with the TSA PreCheck program.    Ms. Callahan, you stated that 40 percent now of the Syracuse Airport is on PreCheck.    Mr. Katko. What type of an impact has that had on the airport and the throughput of passengers?    Mr. Katko. Right.    Now, for any of you who can answer this question. There are discussions at times that PreCheck isn't always open, and I have experienced that myself and it is frustrating to me, being Chairman of this subcommittee. But is it fair to say that if PreCheck were expanded dramatically, like it is intended to be, that it would allow those lanes to be open on a more regular basis because the staffing would warrant it? Is that correct? Anyone want to answer that?    Mr. Katko. Okay. Thank you.    I take it all of you are. Is that right? Yes. You are all nodding your head. It seems self-evident.    Mr. Katko. It is understood. But it is fair to say, is it not, Mr. Cox, that if you had 20 million people enrolled in PreCheck Nation-wide, or 30 million people enrolled in PreCheck Nation-wide, and you have the throughput for PreCheck individuals are double the time it is for others, it would have less stress on the system? You have to acknowledge that.    Mr. Katko. That is something we need to address for sure.    Now, with respect to the field service directors, it was really shocking to me that they weren't interacting with some of the airports, especially the major airports, on a regular basis with respect to the staffing allocation models.    So, Ms. Beairsto, could you comment on that for a moment, if you would, please?    Mr. Katko. All right. I am sorry. I referred to them as field service directors, and my able staffer told me: Hey, dummy, it is Federal service directors--Federal security directors, excuse me.    But one of the things we propose in the bill is that you take the FSDs, if will you, and basically mandate that they meet with the airport directors and airlines on a regular basis and that they discuss staffing allocation models and then certify to us that they are actually doing that. We are asking that to be done on both the local level and on the National level. We are hoping that is going to have an impact on it.    Now, Ms. Callahan, I understand from speaking to you earlier last week that you do that now on a regular basis. Is that right?    Mr. Katko. That is good. One of the things we want to do in this bill is to untie their hands to some extent from an administrative standpoint, because I believe that they need to have more flexibility with respect to their decisionmaking authority on the front lines.    If you get a call from American Airlines or from Chicago and they say, ``Lookit, we are going to get crushed over the next 3 days, we just sold a bunch of tickets,'' whatever, let's work together, figure out how to do that. They have got to be able to have the flexibility to grant more overtime. They have got to have the flexibility to be able to bring more people in.    So that is part of what we are contemplating in this bill, and it is based on our discussions with all of you. So I appreciate that.    Now, Mr. Cox, one of the things I have been thinking about, when you were talking about some of the staffing issues and the attrition rate, is if there is some money that is reallocated, if that is the right term, from other parts of TSA to staffing, would it make sense to take a lot of these individuals that are part-time now and make them full-time and in so doing you thereby reduce the attrition rate considerably, for some of them at least?    Mr. Katko. Okay. Of course the added benefit during this crisis, if you will, that we are having at airports is that moving someone from part-time to full-time doesn't take any additional training.    Mr. Katko. All right. Thank you very much, Mr. Cox.    I have so many more questions, but I can't go over my time too much here.    So I now recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Payne, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Katko. Without objection, so ordered.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    * The information was not submitted at the time of publication.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Payne.    The Chair will recognize other Members of the subcommittee, and then Ms. McSally, for 5 minutes of questions that they may wish to ask the witnesses.    In accordance with our committee rules and practice, I plan to recognize Members who are present at the start of the hearing by seniority on the subcommittee and then others, such as Ms. McSally, who are visiting the committee this morning. Those coming in later will be recognized in order of their arrival.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Carter.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Carter.    I ask unanimous consent that the gentlelady from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee, be allowed to sit on the dais and participate in this hearing.    Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Katko. Ms. Jackson Lee, just to let you know, we are kind-of crunched for time and Ms. McSally needs to go too.    Mr. Katko. Votes are coming up, so please hurry.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. Jackson Lee.    The Chair now recognizes the patient Ms. McSally from Arizona.    Ms. McSally.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Ms. McSally.    I would like to thank the witnesses for their thoughtful testimony. Members of the committee may have some additional questions for all of you, and we will be asking you to respond to those in writing. Pursuant to committee Rule VII(E), the hearing record will be held open for 10 days.    Before we close, a couple of observations. First of all, if we had more time we could go on on this all day long. But what is the beauty of this hearing was that we had the input of all of the stakeholders at the table and those sitting in the audience last week, which helped us become very prepared for this testimony.    I think a lot of times people look at Congress and say, Congress is broken, nothing gets done, they are not listening to us. I think what has transpired over last week is that we looked at a crisis, we got the stakeholders in here, we listened to you, we crafted a bill responding to what you have to say, and it is going to have immediate an impact if we can get it passed. I am excited about that.    The frustration is that we are moving these things and we are getting this stuff done. So I ask all of you to be advocates with the Senate to tell the Senate to do their job as well, because we don't want to hear any more of these wait time issues.    When we can act like this in a collaborative manner, that is when Congress really works. We have to make sure that process comes to a positive conclusion.    So thank you all for coming here. I know it is an early flight for some of you. If it is any consolation, we were working until about 12:30 last night and I was up at 5 this morning. So we have all had busy days.    So thank you all very much.    Mr. Katko. Sure.    Mr. Katko. The committee stands adjourned. Thank you all so very much.