    Dr. Michaels. Mr. Chairman and standing Ranking Member Lowenthal, members of the committee, thank you for inviting my testimony on scientific problems relating to the current calculation of the social cost of carbon, hereafter SCC.    I am Patrick J. Michaels, Director of the Center for the Study of Science of The Cato Institute. Prior to that I was research professor of environmental sciences at the University of Virginia for 30 years.    The Administration's calculation of the SCC is in contravention of a large and growing body of scientific literature demonstrating that the sensitivity of temperature to human emissions of carbon dioxide is less than was previously thought and, more importantly, that the probability of high values is much lower than previously indicated.    Sensitivity is the amount of net warming one gets for doubling atmospheric carbon dioxide. It also roughly approximates the forecast for total surface warming from carbon dioxide by the end of the 21st century.    I would like the next image please.    The Administration uses a probability distribution developed by Roe and Baker for warming that runs from roughly 1.7 degrees to about 7.1 degrees, basically the length of this chart. Its mean sensitivity is 3 degrees, and again, the 95 percent confidence limits are 1.72 to 7.14.    Beginning in 2011, with the exception of two papers published a decade earlier by myself and MIT's Richard Lindzen, a growing body of scientific literature has yielded 21 new estimates of the sensitivity generated by 46 researchers from 12 countries, and that is what is shown there. The mean sensitivity is 2.0 +C. The 5 to 95 percent confidence limits are 1.1 to 3.5 +C. Those who deny this are denying science.    Our illustration graphically shows the major differences that have evolved between what the Administration uses and the new scientific reality. The higher probabilities in the Roe and Baker determination resulted mainly because of the extremely wide range of estimates for the cooling effects of sulfate aerosols.    Recently these have been dramatically narrowed by researchers Nick Lewis and by Judith Curry of Georgia Tech, resulting in a vanishingly small probability of major warming.    That would be the next image.    You can see there, the mean warming predicted for doubling CO<INF>2</INF> sensitivity is around 1.3 and the high end tails are very, very vanishingly small.    As my colleague, Kevin Dayaratna will show, the newer, more constrained science results in a dramatic lowering of the SCC. As an example of the dramatic changes that are evolving in science, an important recent paper by Otto, et al., reports a mean sensitivity of 2.0 +C with a 5 to 95 percent confidence range of 1.2 to 3.9 +C.    This is noteworthy because there are 15 co-authors on this paper who were lead authors of chapters in the latest report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. This is truly a consensus statement that the previously published sensitivity was far too large. Those who deny this are denying science.    Here is another major scientific shortcoming in the Administration's calculation of the SCC. Thousands of scientific papers written around the world demonstrate the direct fertilization effect of atmospheric carbon dioxide on agricultural output.    A recent literature review by Dr. Craig Idso shows it results in a 10 to 15 percent increase in the overall yield of major food crops contributing to an increase in global agricultural output of $3.2 trillion since 1961. Properly including this well-documented information, as will be demonstrated by Dayaratna, can result in a negative social cost of carbon or a net external benefit from the combustion of carbon dioxide.    In closing, I implore the committee to require the Administration--next image--to back up their calculation of the SCC with real reproducible science. This graphic was shown to this committee on May 13 by Dr. John Christy. I need say nothing more about it. It is a stark representation of the failure of the climate models that form the basis for the Administration's calculation of the social cost of carbon. Those who deny this are denying science.    I thank you for inviting my testimony, and I note that an expanded version has been submitted to the committee as supplemental material.    Dr. Michaels. Yes, could you put up the last image I showed? That one right there.    Congresswoman Lummis, this is a graphic that shows the profound failure of the climate models that are at the basis for the social cost of carbon calculations. It is done by Roy Spencer and John Christy. It was presented in front of this committee. It is the free atmosphere temperature in the dots and the squares taken from weather balloons and satellites, and the red is the average of the United Nations climate models that are capable of measuring free atmospheric temperature.    This graph speaks for itself. If you think we are supposed to be able to do 285 years, the fact of the matter is, we cannot do 20.    Dr. Michaels. Yes.    Dr. Michaels. Are we going down the platform?    Dr. Michaels. Not necessarily. There are some----    Dr. Michaels. It was not necessarily.    Dr. Michaels. Negative can be a benefit.    Dr. Michaels. It can be.    Dr. Michaels. That was very long ago.    Dr. Michaels. If I played a role, it was certainly minimal.    Dr. Michaels. I have to address----    Dr. Michaels. Yes, I was. I was----    Dr. Michaels . Not active. May I answer your question, your assertion about no warming for 25 years and then you said, well, 2015 is a very warm year so you have to be wrong about that?    Dr. Michaels. 2013, 2015, whatever. The fact of the matter is----    Dr. Michaels. Yes, but that did not induce a significant warming trend. The problem is that there are so many background years where there is no warming that even if we resumed the warming rate that occurred from 1976 through 1998 of .17 +C per decade----    Dr. Michaels . We would have to go 25 years to get to a significant warming trend.    Dr. Michaels. That is something called natural variability. If I could expand upon your question with a piece of information the committee may find interesting, a scientist by the name of McDonald at UCLA has done extensive work on Eurasia and has discovered that the high Arctic in the Eurasian area was about 7 +C warmer, that is 13 +F warmer, on and off for 3,000 years after the end of this Ice Age.    That means for 3,000 years the Arctic Ocean was likely to be ice free at the end of summer. That was the norm, not the exception.    I would offer you the observation that the polar bear survived and there is much corroborating evidence that shows evidence for the ice-free Arctic Ocean for 3,000 years.    Thank you.    Dr. Michaels. It was not called Greenland because it was red.    Dr. Michaels. It was not called Greenland because it was red.    Dr. Michaels. Yes, they were, and then when the cooling occurred with the initiation of the Little Ice Age, it chased the European settlers off of Greenland.    Dr. Michaels. Yes, yes.    Dr. Michaels. And it was also apparently as warm if not warmer in the 1940s, 1930s to 1940s and into the 1950s in Greenland.    Dr. Michaels. A lot of people do not know that.    Dr. Michaels. I will give you a brief story which will tell you that it is worse than you even think it is. Every 5 years, the U.S. Global Change Research Program is supposed to produce a document assessing the effect of global climate change on the United States, and to do this, they use computer models. The first of these documents came out in the year 2000, and I reviewed it, and I discovered that both of the models that they used resulted in forecasts that were worse than a table of random numbers. They actually supplied negative information.    So I wrote to the person who was the head of the USGCRP's effort to produce this report. His name is Thomas Carl, and he wrote back to me and he said, ``Yes, you are right. In fact, we have run it for more multiple periods. What you found is correct.''    And they went forward with the report. That is like a physician prescribing a drug that he knows is either not going to work or is going to harm the patient.    Dr. Michaels. Thank you.    Dr. Michaels. Well, Congressman Beyer, thank you for being the gentleman from Virginia that you are.    One thing that you did miss is that the earth has two hemispheres, and in the southern hemisphere the Antarctic ice has expanded as high as it has ever been measured. We do not know why that is, by the way, and it is very puzzling to climate scientists.    But other measures of human welfare and health argue that the macro effects of climate are at least minimal. We live in a world where life expectancy has doubled since 1900 in the industrialized world. Per capita wealth, constant dollars is 11 times what it was.    Now, if life expectancy doubles for 200 million people, that is the equivalent of saving 100 million lives. So it is very hard, when you look at the gross figures as opposed to this scare story or that scare story, to deduce a net negative effect.    And I will leave you one which will seem so counterintuitive, but you are an economist and you will say, ``Oh, yes, I get that.'' In 2004, Bob Davis and I published a paper down at UVA in which we found that the more heat waves there are in urban areas, the fewer people die from heat-related causes. So as it gets hotter, people clearly adapt in their life style.    There is one place in the United States where more people are dying from heat-related causes, and that would be our coldest city, which is Seattle.    Dr. Michaels. Ever since we became a planet with an atmosphere in rotation with an uneven surface.    Dr. Michaels. Yes. Climate is one of those variables that the nature of climate is changing.    Dr. Michaels. The planet has been warming on and off for that same period of time, probably about 3 billion years.    Dr. Michaels. There was a warming period at the end of the Ice Age. Again, the Arctic ice was gone for much of the three millennium period, then it cooled down----    Dr. Michaels. Or within the Ice Age. May I dispel a myth here? You will like this answer.    It was warm at the end of the last Ice Age, like I said. It looks like it was 6 or 7 +C warmer in High Eurasia. The Arctic Ocean was ice free at the end of summer. But at end of the penultimate Ice Age, the one before this one, it was really, really warm. We did not know how warm it was for a 6,000-year period until a glaciologist by the name of Dorthe Dahl-Jensen and her team drilled to the bottom of the Greenland ice. They drilled beyond the 6,000-year warm period, and by looking at the isotopes in the ice and some other aspects of the ice, they could deduce how warm it was.    It was between 4 and 8 +C warmer for 6,000 years over Greenland for that period. Now, it was thought maybe before that it might have been 2 or 3 degrees warmer in the summer.    Let me just put that figure in perspective. That 6 degrees times 6,000 years, 36,000 degree-years of warmth beating down on the Greenland ice cap, it lost 12 percent of its ice. Human beings could only do at best 5 degrees for 500 years. That is 2,500 degree-years of heat load. Nature did 36,000 and the place survived.    That is the end of the Apocalypse. Thank you very much.    Dr. Michaels. It is a Sisyphean task, but we are working on it in our laboratory.    Dr. Michaels. Yes. Kevin, why don't you answer that?    Dr. Michaels. Yes, and there will be an additional increment probably of greenhouse warming in the 21st century.    Dr. Michaels. Yes.    Dr. Michaels. Yes.    Dr. Michaels. I believe I said that earlier.    Dr. Michaels. Absolutely.    Dr. Michaels. It is very clear that only one of them even considers the fertilization effect of carbon dioxide. The other two do not very well. Kevin would probably give a better answer on that.    Dr. Michaels. May I offer another piece of information that may not be right in your head? We now have 20 years' worth of satellite data that measures the greenness of the earth, called the normalized vegetation index, and the greening of the plant as a whole, not just the increased agricultural production, is stunning. And where it is greening the most are the areas of the planet that were given up as ecological hell holes, the Sahelian region south of Africa, the semi-desert region of Western India, Southwestern Desert, Australia. These places are greening up dramatically.    That is not considered one lick in any one of these models; am I not correct?    Dr. Michaels. No. It goes the other way around, unfortunately.    The Chairman. Give me 1 minute and explain why.    Dr. Michaels. What it does is it takes money from nations that are wealthy, large amounts of money, and charges them much for very little effect when, in fact, it is the poor nations of the world that are affected mainly by climate change. We are spending the money the exact wrong way.    The Chairman. Perfect. You did that in 20 seconds.    So what we have clearly heard today is, and we have gone far afield talking about climate change because we are really talking about this proposed rule on a social cost of carbon. But what we clearly heard today is the models are iffy. They can be changed dramatically depending on what kind of criteria you use and the assumptions that you use.    In essence, what we have is a process that is being proposed for the government to select winners and losers in the future based on political considerations, which is why in my humble opinion it makes this a really dumb rule, but that is not unusual with a lot of the rules that we have been hearing lately.    I have one last question for Mr. Segal if you would please, and you have reported to a couple of people here, so I just want to re-emphasize that you believe that this rule violates the Administrative Procedure Act, and I appreciate that.    Is there any statutory authority for OMB of which you know, because I know of none, that would purport to act on this social cost of carbon?    Is there a statute that allows them to do that?