    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the panel for showing up. One question that I had that I am still, frankly, trying to wrap my mind around in relation to what you were just referring to, the panel found that the Secret Service does not have in place a system budgetarily in order to even make the most prudent budget decisions. And yet, at the same time, we are saying we need to provide more resources. So I am trying to wrap my mind around this whole understanding of how can we say conclusively that more resources are needed when we are, likewise, admitting that they don't have a system of tracking the budget that they have, they don't even know how to manage and spend the money that they are already receiving. So can you just clarify that?    Mr. Hice. OK. Thank you. And just going on on the training issue, I think all of us are stunned and appalled by the fact that something as simple as an incident, someone jumping over the fence, that so many people didn't know what to do. That seems like it is 101-type information that everyone agent ought to know. But also the panel looked into training conditions that replicate the environment in which these agents are actually operating. And there was evidently during that fence-jumping incident, there was one team that actually reported that they were not even aware of the layout inside the White House. This is amazing. So just respond to that as well. What plan is there in the training aspect, if any, to not only provide more training, but specific training as to where these agencies are operating?    Mr. Hice. OK. Thank you. I want to go to Mr. Filip. You had mentioned a while ago about the human resources issue and the fact that you believe that there needs to be a human resource director from the outside coming in. I am assuming from that that the method up to this point has been agents from within who have been overseeing human resources, is that true?    Mr. Hice. OK. And one final question, I understand that there has been changes over the last several years in the hiring process, among other things, online hiring, that type of thing. Who has been pushing these changes? Where has this been coming from?    Mr. Hice. Thank you.