    Ms. Clyburn. Thank you, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, distinguished members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you this morning in the company of my colleagues.    We are living during an incredibly exciting time. America remains the land of opportunity. Technological advancements abound, providing new means to achieve the American Dream. And broadband is one of the biggest enablers of that dream. It is breaking down barriers to health care through remote monitoring, it is offering new paths to jobs and training, and it is providing our children with world-class learning.    Most Americans enjoy ubiquitous access to broadband, but the number of those who do not remains high. I am both humbled and grateful that, from the directive issued by you, that the FCC has the obligation, ability, and opportunity to serve our Nation by acting to close chronic opportunity divides.    My written testimony, which I ask to be included in the record, focuses on a promise and opportunities made possible by universal access to broadband, and it outlines our efforts to close those remaining communications access gaps.    The Mobility Fund. While many of us enjoy nearly ubiquitous mobile coverage, pockets of our Nation remain in darkness. In 2001, a bipartisan FCC adopted a dedicated Mobility Fund, but it has yet to be implemented. I believe that it is imperative that we move quickly to adopt a permanent Mobility Fund to eliminate coverage gaps across our Nation.    Lifeline. The statute accords equal weight to rural high-cost areas and low-income consumers when it comes to ensuring access to service reasonably comparable to those we enjoy in urban areas, and it is time that the FCC do so, as well. It is time to move from merely criticizing to fixing remaining problems in Lifeline.    So I fully support the modernization of the program to address the affordability divide. And I believe that the steps we have already taken and the plan we have outlined in our notice of proposed rulemaking would not only eliminate incentives for waste, fraud, and abuse but enable Lifeline to become truly a real communications bridge to help Americans in need to get back on their feet.    The incentive auction. The Commission has worked hard to implement your directives regarding the incentive auction. And I am proud that we adopted rules to incentivize smaller companies to deploy wireless networks in areas that lack advanced services.    And, as you have heard, the reform of inmate calling services. I am deeply grateful that we finally acted, in the absence of a functional marketplace, to provide affordable communication services for those wanting and needing to stay in touch with the currently incarcerated. Too many families, friends, and attorneys are making unconscionable choices to stay in touch. And our Nation is plagued by the highest recidivism rate in the world in part because families cannot afford to maintain regular contact and too many former inmates go home as strangers and are unable to readjust.    Our Connect to Health program. That task force is an effort to reach beyond the Beltway to focus on game-changing projects and stimulating new collaborations between public and private stakeholders and local communities that are seeking to solve health challenges through broadband-enabled solutions.    And, lastly, we talked about it, the AM revitalization item. This bipartisan compromise addressed and met the needs of small businesses, AM radio owners, and the public by taking steps to increase the viability of AM radio stations through access to an FM translator.    Mr. Chairman, this sums up my testimony. The rest is in the record. And I look forward to any questions you may have.    Ms. Clyburn. I support the concept.    Ms. Clyburn. Every 2 to 3 weeks, I have meetings with the Enforcement Bureau. We go through items, you can call them hot topics, so to speak. Some of them are extremely hot. You know, some are at, I guess, the genesis of some of the conversations here today.    So I have never felt that there was any information that I requested or that I needed to know what is going on in the bureau, know what's going on in the ecosystem, and make a decision that might come up to us. I have never felt----    Ms. Clyburn. It depends on the status of the item, so it is just all of the above.    Ms. Clyburn. If I had to handicap it based on the last three or four meetings, sort of 50/50. Again, an item might get teed up, and then you will get a status----    Ms. Clyburn. Naturally. And when you talk about NALs, notice of apparent liability, and process, you get updates. And these often take quite a bit of time, because, again, there is due process to the party that might have the NAL. So it can be a mixture there.    Ms. Clyburn. We get mixed up all the time.    Ms. Clyburn. One of the reasons why I am so excited about working with this group is, I asked myself a question: Is there a mechanism in place when it comes to these carriers that will tell us how many households are connected? And when I could not answer that question, I said: We have to do something beyond modernizing this program. We need a way to track to make sure that we are on target, to make sure that the moneys are going to close the broadband gap.    And so this is why it is so important for us to make sure that each dollar we spend is to enable broadband deployment.    Ms. Clyburn. And I am proud to work with these men to see that that happens.    Ms. Clyburn. The same.    Ms. Clyburn. One of the things that is uplifting and great about this is we have complementary jurisdiction with the FTC, and we work collaboratively. We meet on a monthly basis to make sure that consumers are protected. So our job, our collaborative, combined role is to ensure that there are no holes when it comes to protecting consumers.    And so we will work and we will get more clarity when something is before us. But in terms of the jurisdiction under section 222, our role, as provided by you, is clear when it comes to privacy.    Ms. Clyburn. Yes, I do. I have been working with our Wireless Bureau, and they assured me that we have a pathway to completion.    You and I have both experienced traveling down roads, traveling down state highways where we look at our phones, absolutely no bars, absolutely no coverage. At night, alone, it is not the most comfortable feeling.    And so we are looking at this, how do we ensure the safety in terms of travel, the opportunities, particularly in rural America, that they have comparable service. And I think we are on a pathway of doing that real soon.    Ms. Clyburn. A.    Ms. Clyburn. I was not.    Ms. Clyburn. Absolutely not.    Ms. Clyburn. OK. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.    A number of things that we have done in the past year and a half or so, I think, will stimulate the marketplace and the ecosystem.    We repealed the attributable material relationship rule and the former defaulter rule because we recognize that, while well-intentioned, they were keeping businesses, particularly diverse businesses, out of the market.    We also adopted a rural bidding credit, which will give more incentive to those in those particular areas, which is a twofer. It would, you know, stimulate more deployment in those particular areas, and it would allow for more opportunities in a smaller footprint.    We also are looking at small-business incentives, bidding credits, that, again, would stimulate that type of investment and opportunities.    And, of course, we are always looking for ways to stimulate secondary-market transactions. Again, a smaller footprint, in some cases, and a more laser-beam focus.    And so we are looking at and continuing conversations with those who have great ideas to really do what we can to diversify the ecosystem for businesses of all sizes and businessowners from all backgrounds.    Mr. Rush. Thank you.    Ms. Clyburn. Right quickly, sir. Good to see you. And thank you for the acknowledgement.    One thing that we are acting on and working with law enforcement and other authorities are stolen phones, as people are still using throwaway phones and burner phones or whatever you want to call them to commit crimes. We are continuing to work--our Consumer and Government Affairs Bureau is working with our sister agencies and then, like I said, law enforcement authorities and mayors across this Nation to address that issue. So where we can, we will.