    Mr. Ostendorff. Good morning, Chairman Simpson, Ranking Member Kaptur, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the chance to be before you today with my colleagues.    I am in complete alignment with Chairman Burns' testimony this morning. Regarding Project Aim, I want to thank the subcommittee and the full committee for their support of the NRC's structuring our Aim reductions thoughtfully and in a disciplined manner.    I am personally pleased with the thoroughness of our staff's work in this area. I am confident when all is said and done, we will be in a better place.    Regarding NRC's work on advanced reactors, I want to highlight a couple of topics here. NRC submitted a report to Congress in 2012 talking about how we license advanced reactor technologies and our strategy. I believe we are preparing in a thoughtful way for advanced reactor technology license applications. Interest in the subject continues in the United States and overseas.    In September of this last year, the NRC co-hosted a workshop with our colleagues at the Department of Energy to discuss the development of these new reactors, and we had a chance to engage our stakeholders on the new technologies.    Our budget request includes $5 million in non-fee billable resources to continue this work, and to ensure the NRC is in the best possible position to license any such advanced reactor license application that may be submitted to us for our review.    I appreciate the opportunity to be here today, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Ostendorff. Thank you for the question, Congressman Calvert. I would just add two things here. The NRC, we have responsibilities under Federal law to rule on export license applications, and we work very closely with the State Department and the Department of Energy and the National Security Council staff on those matters. The Chairman mentioned the interagency, we ultimately meet, typically every 6 months, in the Top Secret, Sensitive Compartmented Information, TS/SCI, briefing in our SCIF, in NRC headquarters, to receive updates on threat assessments for nuclear materials, smuggling, al-Qaeda, ISIS, ISIL, other jihadist groups, and I think each of the commissioners spends quite a bit of time on a regular basis getting periodic updates in between these 6-month briefings. With respect to the National Security Administration, I used to be an official there, 2007, 2009, they had the bulk of the programs. For instance, there is a container security initiative to use portal monitors to screen containers coming into the United States' various ports to detect nuclear materials, and I think NSA does a very good job at keeping us informed of anything they find of a concern in those areas.    Mr. Ostendorff. I agree.    Mr. Ostendorff. I would say that I have looked at the 151 and I have discussed with my staff just this week. Although the Commissioners were paying proper attention to this, when I look at the reactor oversight program in last year, for instance and the enhanced oversight for Arkansas Nuclear One and the Pilgrim Plant in Massachusetts and our baseline inspection program activities that Commissioner Baran is referring to. It is not apparent to me that any of these proposed reductions would negatively impact our oversight but we need to dot a couple of ``I''s and cross some ``T''s here.    Mr. Ostendorff. Thank you sir. I am flying out this afternoon to Knoxville. I will be speaking at 8 o'clock tomorrow morning delivering a keynote speech on advanced reactor technology at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The key messages I will be delivering will be discussing the NRC's readiness to receive license applications for small modular reactors and other non-light water reactor advanced technologies. I will be talking about the experience we had with our current fleet that is under construction in Georgia and South Carolina as well as Watts Bar and the NuScale experience that was discussed by colleagues here and also will be talking about our experience in non-light water reactors technologies over the last 30 years. I am looking forward to engaging with the folks at Oak Ridge.    Mr. Ostendorff. Thank you for the question Congressman. Let me just talk a little bit about the experience we have had so far to date in pre-application meetings with NuScale. Again as the Chairman mentioned we are expecting a license from NuScale in December of this year. Our staff has been working very closely in pre-application meetings with their executives, scientists and engineers. Our staff has approved what we call design specific review standards that would guide our staff's review of an actual license application. I think a lot of the technology issues (whether or not electrical power is required to meet certain safety requirements, the use of passive safety features, new design aspects) have been addressed and will continue to be addressed by our staff. Mike Johnson who is our Deputy Executive Director for operations for reactors and Jennifer Uhle who heads our new reactor office have also been discussing the use of a step wise approach to provide incremental decisions back to potential investors through our work in pre-application meetings with an applicant or potential applicant to give them partial answers based on submittals that would deal with one aspect of a design. So I think we are making good progress in that area and I am looking forward to seeing applications coming in.    Mr. Ostendorff. If I could say NRC staff frequently presents NRC-US industry best practices at IAEA conferences, workshops. We have staff that participates in leading missions to other countries to help try to show best practices to other countries trying to develop standards. I had a chance last June to give a major speech in Vienna talking about our cyber security practices--what we do in the United States--to the international community. Other Commissioners do similar outreach in their speaking engagements so I think we are very much aligned with your notion that we take a strategic leadership role.    Mr. Ostendorff. Thank you. The answer to your question is yes we do.    Mr. Ostendorff. And at several levels. We have had Commissioner visits, various Commissioners. I was the most recent one there in June of last year working with a regulator and talking about the importance of an independent regulator with technical competence. We have had our security folks go over there to provide offers of assistance for security training. There is a video teleconference that occurred just this past fall between our senior staff and Ukrainian regulator staff to look at questions they have about trying to resume construction of the Khmelnitsky Plant about 4 hours west of Kiev. And how did we look at similar resumption of construction activities at our Watts Bar plant in Tennessee.    And I think we have a very healthy dialogue going on right now. We as a commission will have meetings with their head regulator Mr. Bozhko here in about three weeks when we have our annual regulatory information conference. He is coming to that in Rockville so I think that relationship is very alive and robust.    Mr. Ostendorff. Sure, we can provide more details.