    Mr. Bridenstine. I approve.    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to bring up a couple of things that I want to make sure people understand my philosophy on, primarily because of some of the testimony we just heard.    The Interagency Space Debris Coordination Committee put out a study not too long ago. It included five other space agencies from throughout the world and then NASA is the sixth, and it indicated that in that critical orbital regime from 700 kilometers to 900 kilometers, given the current regulatory environment, we will continue to see space debris grow. It's not going to go away. It will continue to grow, and that's if everything stays the same as far as launch frequency and the satellites that are launched right now, and we know that that is not the case. Launch frequencies are going to continue to increase. We've got constellations that are hundreds and in many cases--in some cases now thousands of satellites going into low-Earth orbit, and this is not going to be sustainable for the long term. We've got to make sure we're doing the right things on this Committee so that we can mitigate the debris, as you talked about, but eventually there's going to come a day when remediation is going to be necessary, and we need to be very serious and methodical about how we go about that.    I wanted to ask you a question, Mr. Crusan, about one of the reasons to do the Asteroid Redirect Mission is for propulsion. Why is it necessary to do an asteroid redirect mission to create the propulsion capabilities necessary for a Mars mission?    Mr. Bridenstine. So why is an asteroid redirect mission necessary for that?    Mr. Bridenstine. So it's not necessary, it's just something that would be a good idea because it gives us a reason to do what is necessary?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. I wanted to ask you a question regarding the fiscal year 2016 Omnibus. It directed NASA to have a cislunar habitat prototype ready by 2018 and directed NASA to spend no less than $55 million specifically on a habitation module. However, NASA's operations plan for fiscal year 2016 only allocates $25 million, not the total $55 million, to NextSTEP activities. According to the NextSTEP 2 announcement, ``The initial solicitation is seeking ground prototype habitation systems.'' It seems as if NASA is only spending $25 million explicitly on the development of a ground prototype. Can you explain how NASA's other expenditures meet the Omnibus directive of $55 million specifically on the prototype? So $25 million, $55 million. Where's the other $30 million?    Mr. Bridenstine. Are you guys going to be able to achieve a prototype habitat for cislunar by 2018?    Mr. Bridenstine. Now, when you think about--and this is just because I don't know. I'm asking you, when you think about having a prototype, what does that mean? Does that mean it's going to be on the ground? Does that mean it's going to be in space?    Mr. Bridenstine. Awesome.    Mr. Chairman, I'm out of time. Thank you.    Mr. Bridenstine. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Sigur, I wanted to second your comments about, we need to have a vision and we need to have something that we can stick to, and I think all of us on this Committee on both sides of the aisle agree with that 100 percent, and I agree with you especially because you're a graduate of Rice University, which everybody knows is the preeminent engineering school in the country. Although I was not an engineer there, I highly respect those who were.    I want to go back for a second. I'm going to sound like a broken record here but when you think about the space debris challenge that we have, it is very real, and I know Orbital ATK, you guys are working on doing some mitigation by extending the life of satellites that currently exist in space so that we don't have to continue launching new, but I'm on the Armed Services Committee, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, and I can tell you, you go back to 2007, the Chinese shot down a weather satellite, created 5,000 pieces of orbital debris. A couple years later you had an Iridium satellite collide with a Cosmos satellite, created thousands of more pieces of orbital debris, all in these critical orbital regimes, and this Interagency Committee on Space Debris Coordination said that those kind of collisions, Iridium and Cosmos, will continue to happen on average every five to nine years, which means they're going to continue to grow. So these are absolutely necessary.    I believe by making the right investments today, not only are we protecting low-Earth orbit but we're protecting our ability to do what's necessary to get to Mars one day. That's what we're doing.    On the Mars issue going back for a second, the Mitch Daniel report that came out, the National Research Council put out a report, said, you know, our budgets, the money we are spending today and our missions and our strategy absolutely will not get us to Mars. It wasn't that it was going to be delayed ten years or delayed 20 years. They flat-out said we're not going to get there. That should have sounded an alarm for all of us on this Committee. What is we're doing wrong? And we need to get real assessments over what we're doing wrong on this Committee so that we can actually go home and tell our constituents that we are not investing their money in vain. I mean, that should have infuriated all of us on this Committee. And so we have those issues.    Now, when you talk about SLS and you think about specific mission plans beyond EM-1, I believe we need an increased launch frequency. I don't think that, you know, launching every four years is going to get done what we need to get done and have it be safe. But barring that we're going to increase launch frequency given the budgets that we have, we need to increase the utility of every launch that we do, and I wanted to ask if when it comes to EM-2, Mr. Crusan, do you know, is there going to be a secondary payload that might be a habitat that could go out to cislunar or beyond low-Earth orbit?    Mr. Bridenstine. So when we think about--and I know I just asked you the question about the Asteroid Redirect and why is that necessary, is it possible that we could launch a habitat on EM-2 and then have that be the target, in essence, for follow-on SLS missions?    Mr. Bridenstine. So is it possible, could we use a Delta IV to put a habitat where it needs to go to make that a target for the follow-on EM missions?    Mr. Bridenstine. Mr. Chairman, if it's all right--I know I'm out of time. We need to make sure that Congress is aware and understands what the objective here is and ultimately the direction we're going to go because I don't want to get another report in ten years that says under no circumstances will we ever get to Mars and between now and ten years from now we will have made all these investments believing one thing and being told later something else.    So with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.