    Mr. Massie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First off, I want to let you know I drive an electric car, although I suspect the electrons providing the electromotive force this morning to get me here came by virtue of the combustion of fossil fuels. So I have a Friends of Coal license plate on my electric car. I also live in a house that has a 13 kilowatt solar array on it, and I am very interested in these things. I tell republicans that you can dislike the subsidies, I dislike the subsidies, but you shouldn't hate solar panels because they are rocks that make electricity, and that is a pretty virtuous rock.    But let me ask you about this, and I have some experience in this. Mr. Danielson, if you wanted to install another megawatt of production capacity in our country, would it be cheaper to do it in a solar form or on 100 households with 10 kilowatt arrays?    Mr. Massie. Is it cheaper to put a whole bunch of these up on roofs--on the roofs of houses? To climb up on the roofs----    Mr. Massie. --drill holes in your roof, risk falling off, like I have done, so I am very familiar with this, or to just build a solar farm--a centralized----    Mr. Massie. Okay.    Mr. Massie. It is----    Mr. Massie. Right.    Mr. Massie. And you get out of some taxes, I suppose. But the grid has to be designed for the worst case, not the best case or the average case, right? So----    Mr. Massie. --because solar power is so variable, it still really doesn't do anything for design--for redesigning the grid. I suspect it will always be the case that it is cheaper to put in a larger facility than to go up on your roof and drill holes and do all these distributed installations. So why is our government so fixated on subsidizing the installation of all these distributed systems, which can't even begin to approach the cost-effectiveness of a more centralized system?    Mr. Massie. Right. Okay. Well, I want to ask another question because, again, you have to design for the worst case, and without a better battery, you are basically not going to improve the situation. You talked about your five criteria; impact, additionality, openness, economic benefit, proper role of government. Can you motivate a $7,500 subsidy for a $100,000 car in those five terms? Specifically, I am talking about the federal tax credit for cars--electric cars that--luxury vehicles that cost $100,000. What is the price elasticity for a $100,000 luxury vehicle, and how many more--has the government gone back to study how many more of those have been sold, and what the economic benefit to all of society is because of that tax credit?    Mr. Massie. Okay.    Mr. Massie. Well, I am concerned about, is that an efficient way to achieve goals, to subsidize a luxury good?    Mr. Massie. So I will point out----    Mr. Massie. --for economic benefit or additionality that all of those subsidies add up to about $500 million, which is two percent of their market cap. So I find it hard to believe that it wouldn't have happened without that subsidy.    While I have a little bit of time left, I want to ask when was the car invented?    Mr. Massie. At least 100 years ago?    Mr. Massie. And it is fundamentally the same architecture. So why are we doing car research? When we do electric or vehicle battery research or fuel cell vehicles, you mentioned, shouldn't we be doing research on fuel cells and batteries and not the vehicle itself or the application to the vehicle? I mean after all, the batteries that are in the car that you mentioned came literally from a laptop, so why is it more virtuous if it is a vehicle when we know, in general, we need battery technology? Shouldn't we be focused on basic research instead of trying to iterate on something that--whose basic architecture was settled 100 years ago?    Mr. Massie. All right, my time has expired.