    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate your leadership, Mr. Chairman, and the fact that you have spent considerable time and effort focusing on these specific issues.    And Mr. Secretary, I am a bit concerned maybe not about specifics as about as much as your admirable optimism. May be something that is admirable but it is also of concern to those of us who think things maybe are more serious than your optimism suggests.    Spratly Islands is not--I hope it can be taken care of in a consistent way is what you and Chairman Royce and others have tried to put forward as a game plan that would put them into a position or pressure the Chinese into a position that would not permit this type--what I consider to be aggression--aggression of the world order because you had no sovereignty over the Spratly Islands and now you have a claim by a dictatorial government in Beijing over a hunk of territory in the middle of the most important trading patterns in the world.    Japan and Korea are ultimate allies in that area--seem to be getting second shrift on this and I will have to say that this should be of great concern--a greater concern to us than I believe that the plan that is set would suggest because it is a pattern.    Spratly Island is not just taking--take on its own I would agree with a less aggressive approach to the Chinese. But instead, this is part of a very alarming pattern. The Chinese still make major land claims against India, for example.    I think their land claim against India is a big as Texas. You couple Spratly Islands with that, couple it with the fact that the Chinese are all over the world making deals with corrupt dictators in order to fence in the resources necessary for an industrial society, meaning cutting us off.    We have--we still have--basically for those of us who are--I think that the two-child policy still maintains the mass slaughter of innocent children in the womb and if not that--if you don't accept that about abortion at least you accept the fact it is a violation--an attack on women's rights to decide.    And, of course, you still have the Chinese brutally suppressing the Falun Gong and engaged in the murder of prisoners in the sale of organs.    So we are talking about a monstrous pattern here and the Spratly Islands should only be sort of the icing on the cake of how alarming this should be.    So I would hope that--and by the way, during this whole time that I am talking, while these patterns have been going on, we have permitted them to make a massive profit in their relationship with us economically. Now, again, you've made your case on the Pacific trade agreement.    It might give them some thought. But we are not withdrawing any of their ability to come here and make the profit they're already making.    And one last thought, and that is I think that we ought to be more concerned about Japan and South Korea, but especially Japan, than we are about trying to remain in a stable relationship with China.    And my question for you, while I still have a couple seconds left, and that is do we or do we not support President Abe's efforts to introduce him a new factor into the Pacific which might deter the Spratly Islands-type operation, meaning a rearming of Japan?    Do we support that? And, quite frankly, I think Japan has been our best friend through this entire Cold War, never faltering. Maybe we should make sure we make it a more equal relationship with Japan and take Abe up on his answer.