    Mr. Lujan. Mr. Chairman, I do, and a few questions, if that would be OK.    Madam Secretary, thank you for being with us today. Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member Grijalva, thank you for indulging me the opportunity to be here today.    Madam Secretary, as you know, a big part of the contaminated area and where the spill took place was in New Mexico. I had the honor of attending some of the meetings that took place in Durango in New Mexico with EPA Administrator McCarthy, as well as community meetings that took place in those areas.    Just real quick; as we look at this report, Madam Secretary, your report made clear that responsibility for the mine blowout rests with the Environmental Protection Agency. Correct?    Mr. Lujan. The report points out that the EPA mine remediation crew attempting to reopen the mine failed to take into consideration the engineering complexity, and miscalculated the water level inside the mine, which led directly to the failure. Correct?    Mr. Lujan. The report also stated that there are actual--I quote--``little and actual written requirements that government agencies are required to follow when reopening an abandoned mine.'' Correct?    Mr. Lujan. So, as we look at this, how are we going to correct that? And, considering the likelihood of another incident like this occurring, what is the Department of the Interior doing to ensure that an accident like this one never happens again?    Mr. Lujan. I appreciate that. Mr. Chairman, one of the other failures that took place was, after the spill, there was no notification to impacted communities downstream. We have to work to make sure that whatever rules are preventing us from notifying individuals on their mobile phones or their home phones, businesses--we need to be able to communicate to them and make them aware.    This also needs to be rectified for every Federal agency across the government in the United States; so that if there is ever an incident like this, that everyone that needs to be notified is notified, as opposed to depending on neighbors.    There have been a lot of conversations about the independent investigations. Madam Secretary, I think it is critically important that there truly be an independent look at this with participation and leads from the states of New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado, Utah, and the tribal leaders from Southern Ute, Ute Mountain, and Navajo. It has to be done where EPA is a part of that, but not necessarily the lead, where everyone is collaborating to looking into what needs to be done, and how we get that done, as well.    There is also a concern that some of the peer reviews of DOI's investigative report have not been made public, including those by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Is that something that can be made public, so that way we get to the bottom of all of these pieces?    Mr. Lujan. I certainly hope, as we get to the bottom of what happened--all these families were impacted, and it seems now that everyone is worried about covering their own behinds, as opposed to making people whole and getting to the bottom of this.    Mr. Lujan. I appreciate that clarification, Madam Secretary.    Then last, Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank Chairman Grijalva for introducing H.R. 963, which includes the Good Samaritan legislation that Mr. Gosar was mentioning. I have also authored a piece of legislation, H.R. 3602, Gold King Mine Spill Recovery Act; and I would encourage our colleagues to look at that.    Thank you for looking into this. I look forward to working with everyone on making everyone whole as soon as we possibly can. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you for being here. You asked a couple of questions I want to follow up on, too, that were significant. You also called him ``Chairman Grijalva.'' Are you getting ahead of yourself here a bit?    Mr. Lujan. Chairman Bishop, I apologize.    The Chairman. That is OK, just watch it.