    Mr. Koon. Thank you, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, for holding this hearing today.    The statement for the record we submitted goes into specific details on many issues regarding how to lessen the impacts and costs of disasters. But for now I will cover the current state of disasters, efforts we are working on with FEMA, and ongoing concerns with the systems of management costs and deobligations.    As you have already heard, the number and nature of presidentially declared disasters has varied widely over time. Of course, examining Presidential declarations provides only a glimpse of the true disaster response activity in this country. The majority of events are handled at the State or local level and do not warrant Federal assistance. In fiscal year 2013, there were 205 gubernatorial declarations and over 18,000 events requiring State assets. In addition to that, local and tribal governments responded to nearly 31,000 additional events that year. Without a strong emergency management system at the State, local and tribal levels, many of the nearly 50,000 State and local responses would falter or require Federal support.    That Federal support comes in the form of public assistance, which amounts to half of the total funds allocated to the Disaster Relief Fund. In order to ensure the most effective use of those funds and in response to numerous Government audits, last year FEMA initiated an internal study of its PA program. In the coming weeks, the agency will share data from the study with the States, with the desired goal of an agreed-upon, redesigned PA program that meets the needs of all stakeholders.    A redesigned PA program which streamlines efforts will also assist in reducing and appropriately allocating those administrative costs identified by GAO in a report last month. The report highlights the continuing increase of FEMA's administrative costs as a percentage of the DRF, which averaged 13 percent over the last 10 fiscal years, while less than 2 percent was apportioned for grantees and subgrantees. This has been an area of great frustration and concern to the States and certainly needs further examination.    We hope that an improved PA process will also reduce the opportunity for future audits and deobligations by simplifying and standardizing efforts across the country and reducing the time necessary to close disasters. The current rate of deobligations causes significant economic hardship to the States and communities that have expended those funds long ago and requires significant staff time that would be better spent preparing for future disasters.    Reducing administrative expenditures from the DRF would also allow the Nation to explore alternative uses for these funds, such as increasing resiliency by identifying, incentivizing, and funding additional mitigation opportunities across the country. These resiliency efforts will ultimately reduce our disaster costs in the long term.    NEMA intends to continue conversations on all of these issues at our midyear forum in March, utilizing the combined efforts of our Legislative and Response and Recovery Committees to explore alternatives and make recommendations to you.    The subcommittee and Congress as a whole have gone to great lengths to continually try and improve disaster response processes. Efforts such as the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act and H.R. 3300, which supported programs like EMAC, USAR teams, and IPAWS, provide opportunities to drive down the cost of disasters. But without a comprehensive look at some of our administrative issues as well, we will continue to falter in our mission.    Only through an effective response and subsequent recovery can we work toward building more resilient communities, reducing the overall cost of disasters to States and the Federal Government, and ultimately save more lives and property from damage.    I look forward to our continued partnership in these efforts and welcome any questions you have for me.    Mr. Koon. Thank you, Representative Carson, for the question.    Dealing with the vulnerable population in shelters is an issue that we in Florida and all other States have been working on for a number of years in close coordination with FEMA. And as Administrator Fugate, it is an extreme priority for us.    The issue comes down to how is it do we achieve the vision that Administrator Fugate laid out, given the fiscal constraints and the resource constraints that we have at the State and local level, to ensure that we are able to provide that ability for anyone to seek shelter in any location during those times when we will be severely resource constrained.    We continue to make good progress on that. In Florida and in other places across the country, that is coming in the form of increased cooperation between municipalities, between counties, and within the State itself, helping us to make sure that we are able to apply those resources that may be in another jurisdiction in an area that needs them in that moment. We will never be able to afford to have all of the potential durable medical equipment at every shelter location all the time, but we do have the ability to transport those in short order. The same thing for the human capital necessary in those kinds of situations.    In one hurricane, in 2005, the State of Florida had approximately 380 shelters open. We did not have the resources able to get, for example, 380 sign language interpreters to those shelters. But if we have the network in place, if we have the partnership and cooperation in place ahead of time, as those needs arise we can deploy them quickly. So that is the tack we are taking now, is to make sure that we can get the resources available to be shared appropriately. And we want to make sure that we have got the conversation ahead of time with FEMA, with the Department of Justice, with the disabled community to make sure that that, in fact, is going to meet the need and it is an appropriate solution to the situation.    Mr. Koon. Yes. Thank you for the question.    In Florida, obviously, Florida has more flood insurance policies than any other State in the country. We have got about 37 percent of the flood policies. So we are acutely aware of the issues surrounding it. And we also saw some of the price increases that you referenced in your question earlier.    It has impacted the communities, but it is also giving us an opportunity to consider alternatives and ways to improve for the future. In the State there is continuing consideration about ways to perhaps privatize flood insurance and encourage that market. That is something that the State legislature is considering.    We are also looking at investing more in the community rating system portion of the National Flood Insurance Program, taking advantage of that program to achieve discounts for our policyholders by improving the readiness and resilience of our communities. And so it definitely is something that is top of mind for leaders in the State of Florida, but it is also an opportunity for us to make sure that we better prepare for those future disasters by taking advantage of existing Federal programs as they are today and fully taking advantage of everything that they offer us to help get ready for the next storm.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you.    Mr. Koon. Mr. Chairman, we have already discussed some of the HUD resiliency program. In addition to that, I think some of the programs offered by the Small Business Administration do tremendous work across the country and are a great resource to the State of Florida. Also our cooperation with the National VOAD programs, again, help us really do a good job of meeting the needs of our citizens using Federal and other dollars as well.    Mr. Koon. Yes, we do, and we are eager to participate.