    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you both for being here.    Ms. Bresch, you talked about your outreach in State legislatures. Did you spend any money or your company on lobbying or helping with that process?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Do you remember how much?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Uh-huh.    Mr. DeSaulnier. When those, when that product has reached its life expectancy, do the schools purchase it from you to replace it?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Every year for free.    Mr. DeSaulnier. All right.    Your quote in terms of your accepting some responsibility, and I read here, is, ``Looking back, I wish we had better anticipated the magnitude and the acceleration of the rising financial issues for a growing minority of patients. We never intended this.''    Is that pretty much your statement in terms of your responsibility? Other than that, are you proud of the actions of your corporation?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Okay. I appreciate that. So I'm going to read a couple of quotes from a Los Angeles Times story, August 25, and this is quotes.    ``Mylan, the profiteering, tax-dodging''--this is the Los Angeles Times--``drug company currently taking immense heat for jacking up the price of EpiPen by 500 percent, announced Thursday that it will help more patients cover their soaring out-of-pocket costs for their allergy drug device. That's good for some individuals,'' the LA Time continues, ``patients, and families, but at the heart, it's a cynical move that actually protects the company's profits and harms the healthcare system.''    As I explained before, the author continues, ``That's because such moves are often marketing schemes dressed up to look like altruism,'' and then he goes on to explain.    Are you familiar with this article in the LA Times?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Okay. No one ever showed you this?    He goes on to say, ``What Mylan is doing is expanding its patient-assistance program by providing eligible patients with a savings card worth up to $500 per prescription and doubling eligibility to households earning up to 400 percent of Federal poverty level,'' or $97,000. ``Many of them, therefore, would pay nothing out of pocket for the device.    ``The truth is, however, that these programs are detested by insurers, healthcare economists, and government agencies--with good reason. In fact, they're illegal when applied to Medicare and Medicaid patients because they may violate Federal anti-kickback laws, which bar payments made to induce patients to choose particular services. Insurers and government programs will have to cover everything beyond the copay at a price that can be as much as $600'' a pack.    So you're not familiar with any of this, either the article or what he's ascribing to your motives?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Okay. In this article, he quotes a healthcare economist from Emory University, David Howard, and he talks about what you're doing as programs that are ``a triple boom for manufacturers. 'They increase demand, allow companies to charge a higher price, and provide public relations benefits.' The manufacturers' costs look high in absolute terms, but the payoff is even greater. 'Manufacturers can afford to pay a lot of $25 of $50 copayments.'"    So again, the answer to this is the generic? Is it changing the dynamics?    Mr. DeSaulnier. How long did you have the previous practice before you changed to the generic?    Mr. DeSaulnier. How long did you have the profits under the old system before you switched to the generic? It sounds like you did it for altruistic purposes. This article would portray it a different way.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Yeah, but my point is that you're making it sound like you introduced the generic for purely altruistic purposes. The way he describes it was it was a business practice that took advantage of the situation for some period of time.    Mr. DeSaulnier. That's not the question. I believe in redemption, so I'll give you the generic, but prior to that, you were making money off the situation the LA Times described. So my question is, how long did you do that?    Mr. DeSaulnier. My time has gone by, but I'd just say, from this article and other articles, I didn't bother to quote the USA Today article or the Market Watch article, that you had a business practice that was immensely profitable, you've admitted to that, and you have changed it. But it seems as if you've changed it in anticipation of what the public has responded to.    So with that, I'll yield back the balance of my time.