    Mr. Walberg. I thank the gentleman. The gentleman's time has expired.    I now recognize the gentlelady from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton.    Mr. Walberg. The gentlelady's time has expired.    I now recognize the gentleman from Tennessee.    Mr. Walberg. I thank the gentleman.    I recognize my colleague Mr. Clay for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walberg. I thank the gentleman. The gentleman's time has expired. I think the question was answered.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes of questioning.    Recent news articles, Ms. Bresch, have documented a lobbying effort on behalf of Mylan to add the EpiPen to the list of preventative medical services managed by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force. Preventive medical services are those that prevent illnesses before they cause symptoms or problems, as I understand it.    Currently, treatments receiving a grade of A or B by the task force are required to be offered to the consumers with no out-of-pocket costs. Supporters of adding the EpiPen to the list of preventive medical services argue that this measure will help consumers get access to EpiPens with no cost-sharing.    So, Ms. Bresch, will adding the EpiPen to the preventive medical services list, will it do anything to lower the actual price of the device, the overall reason for our hearing today?    Mr. Walberg. So you are still pushing to have it on that list?    Mr. Walberg. Even with the generics?    Mr. Walberg. Do you believe that spending lobbying resources to add the EpiPen to the preventive medical list and thus shifting the price of the drug to other sectors is a realistic solution to stem rising drug prices?    Mr. Walberg. But you still want it on that list?    Mr. Walberg. Why not reduce the price instead of spending those lobbying resources?    Mr. Walberg. Absolutely. We don't disagree with that at all. And we appreciate the fact that the product can be there and can be useful.    But this list also, I think we need to plumb the depths of that. We've gone the generic route; we've had some questions on that. But the list also--won't this, in fact, just shift the full cost of EpiPens to government payers, such as Medicaid, Medicare, health insurers, employers, eventually leading to an overall increase in premiums and other copays on consumers?    Mr. Walberg. It certainly takes the pressure off of bad publicity for cost factor to get it paid for by Medicare, Medicaid, et cetera, the process.    Let me shift over to Mr. Throckmorton, because there definitely is a concern about just the delay, the time period, the bureaucratic maze. Some drug companies are taking advantage of your agency's failure to approve more generic drugs. I think we've seen that. We are questioning that today.    What can we do to expedite approvals to ensure we have multiple generic competitors to prevent drastic price spikes? And we heard testimony in our last go-round that said it's a lot of bureaucracy. What are we doing to get to that?    Mr. Walberg. What about the markets? Are you doing anything to identify markets that are at risk of becoming monopolized by a single generic?    Mr. Walberg. I appreciate that. My time is expired. But I would make a statement that if there are companies that are having difficulty, I certainly think that members on this panel would love to hear directly from them and then come directly to you----    Mr. Walberg. --and ask those questions, because we want to deal with this. We want to have the competition. We want to see the price reduced. And we don't want to have hearings like this on a regular price.    Mr. Walberg. My time is now expired.    I now recognize Mr. Lynch of Massachusetts for his 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Walberg. Without objection.    Mr. Walberg. The gentleman yields.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. DesJarlais, for 5 minutes.