    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you for your leadership and for calling today's hearing on responding to the rising tide of anti-Semitism, to give us an opportunity examine in depth, the alarming increase in anti-Semitic incidents in Europe and begin to discuss what approaches should be used to temper this extremism that is unprecedented since the end of World War II.    I would also like to thank our very distinguished witnesses for being here today. Thank you for sharing your assessment of what the current status of anti-Semitism is in Europe and what specific trends you are seeing and what should be done to combat it and how we in Congress can assist.    The rise of anti-Semitism and related hate crimes in recent months is beyond debate. While many were awakened to this reality in January when four Jewish customers were killed in a kosher market in Paris, days after the attack on the satirical magazine, Charlie Hebdo, that left 12 people dead, anti-Semitism has been on the rise since the early 2000s. The United Kingdom last year, for example, recorded the highest number of anti-Semitic incidents with the London police reporting an increase of 120 percent in anti-Semitic crimes in 2014. Most alarming perhaps are recent statistics from the Anti-Defamation League that show that an average of 24 percent of those surveyed in Western European countries harbor some degree of anti-Semitic sentiment with that number jumping much higher in countries like Greece and France.    Furthermore, 66 percent of Jewish respondents indicated that anti-Semitism was a major problem in their respective countries. In response to the tragic attack in Denmark where two individuals were murdered at a synagogue in February, the Israeli Prime Minister stated, ``We are preparing and calling for the absorption of mass immigration from Europe. To the Jews of Europe and to the Jews of the world I say that Israel is waiting for you with open arms.''    The Chief Rabbi of Copenhagen, however, responded, ``We will not let terror dictate our lives. We will not. We will continue living as Jews here in Denmark and everywhere else in the world.''    The environment that is increasingly conductive to anti-Semite must be dealt with head on and immediately stopped. The United States has the largest Jewish population in the world and Jews have contributed greatly to all aspects of our society. Therefore, we have a personal stake in protecting communities as integral to the fabric of the United States. We need to work together with our European allies to combat anti-Semitism with the same vigor that we have with respect to protecting communities and to combating terrorism and ensuring peace and security around the world.    I look forward to working with my congressional colleagues, our European counterparts and the Jewish community all over the world to develop effective strategies to combat the rise of anti-Semitism in Europe and to work to ensure that this hatred is stopped in its tracks.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you again to our witnesses for your extraordinary testimony. My first question is I know there that are some who have observed that there is sort of an emergence of this kind of new normal, and Ambassador Lauder, you sort of made reference to this in the context of anti-Semitism. And that is the blurring of distinctions between being anti-Israel and anti-Jewish in which anti-Jewish remarks and sentiments are becoming more socially acceptable. And so I am wondering whether you think that is happening in Europe? What is your assessment of that?    And following that, one of the things that we are learning is that there is--some have written that there is a significant under reporting of incidents of anti-Semitism and that, of course, hampers our ability to kind of respond to it and help encourage people to craft responses to it. Do you think that it remains an issue, particularly in Europe and what can we do about that? That is my first question and maybe Ambassador Lauder, you could start.    Ambassador Lauder. There is no question that the anti-Semitism starts as anti-Israel, no question. It is not in Europe. It is worldwide. And we hear it. We also have--yes, there is under reporting because very often when a child comes home from school and has been beaten up because he was Jewish, what is the mother going to do? Is she going to call the police and report it or she just says, ``Look, tomorrow, don't wear a yarmulke or take a different way.'' And the amount of unreporting is amazing. But also, I heard a couple of minutes ago about anti-Jewish and life and loving life. It is also anti-Christian. We look in the Middle East where there used to be Jews and the Jews left. Now there is almost no Christians left in the Middle East because of what is happening.    And the thing that we can't keep missing is that what is happening to the Jews is going to happen to everybody along the way, unless it is stopped. And the concern I have and the concern that I am delighted this subcommittee is here, is that we must do something more than either appoint somebody or have a hearing. We must start to look at what type of laws there are, what can be done, can we be a model? Can we stand up in the world?    There is no place like the United States to be able to stand up and do it. And countries should know that if they have things that are anti-Semitic, they have to pay a price, not only from the small Jewish communities, be it Denmark and many other countries don't have the strength to fight the government. The only chance they have is looking to the United States and looking to the United States as the model of where it goes.    I am sorry to be so passionate about it, but to me, what is happening in this world?    Mr. Cicilline. Could you speak to whether or not there has been countries that have been effective in either the EU or the EU itself in terms of responding to anti-Semitism that have implemented effective strategies? Are any of the countries doing it well? Is the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe doing anything? Are there things that the EU could be doing that they are not doing?    We have identified, I think, everyone understands this is a serious problem, but is there any----    Ambassador Lauder. The closest I have heard is what Canada is doing and I have not seen yet, but I spoke to the Ambassador last night. He told me, the Canadian Ambassador, he told me some of the things they are doing. But to this day, they have not confronted it. It is fear. And you don't know how to confront it. How do you stop teaching of anti-Semitism in schools or in different mosques? How do you do it? And the question of freedom of speech, is there freedom of speech to be able to say in a mosque that the Jews are the bad people in the world? What are the laws on that? It is a very, very delicate thing. What are the laws on freedom of speech in the media when they report things one sided? What is the law in it? And it is a very, very dangerous thing. We do have laws now, very, very strong laws about segregation, what you can say against Blacks, but it is still a very, very difficult situation when it comes to Jewish things.    And also, I kept saying, it is going to come to Christians as well as Jews.    Mr. Cicilline. I hope, Mr. Chairman, that one of the things that we can work on and I know the chairman is interested in this, because I do think you are right, so much of this has to do with education.    Ambassador Lauder. Absolutely.    Mr. Cicilline. And you look at kind of the early years, the formative years of so many young people. What are they learning? What are they being taught about people of different religious traditions and different cultures? Because I think as you said, Ambassador, this is taught. Nobody is born a bigot and nobody is born with this sort of hatred, but what can we do in terms of the assistance we provide and the programs that we fund to be sure that those resources aren't going to the teaching of young people to teach hate.    I think that we have a particular responsibility to do all that we can to promote understanding through good education. And I again thank you because I think as all the panelists pointed out, this is not only a problem in Europe, this is a problem all over the world and as that saying goes they begin and speaking against Jews and nobody says anything and they go down their groups. And this is about valuing the human life of every person and respecting differences and honoring and celebrating our diversity.    Can I ask with the indulgence one last question? Someone suggested that the rise of anti-Semitism, particularly in Europe, is closely connected to the sort of anti-immigration fervor. And I am wondering whether any of the panel have a view on that? And if so, what can be done about that?    Ambassador Lauder. I can't say it is anti-immigration. That is a whole different thing. But it has to do very, very much with the times we are having. For example, the whole rise of Nazism came out of a very difficult financial time in Germany and Austria and all Europe for that matter. It gave rise to it.    We watched after 2008, the amount of anti-Semitism rose because once again as it happened for thousands of years, the Jews became the scapegoats. They looked at one--there was one case in Africa where there were three Jews and they were all wealthy. The amount of anti-Semitism in Africa, in that country was enormous because people look and say and it goes in jealously and what happens. But the fact is you have a confluence of bad economic times. You have a confluence of radical Islam growing leaps and bounds and you have a question of the media being able to feed this very, very much. And you have a question of the Palestinian-Israel question going on.    But I will say also that what happened during the last 2 or 3 weeks between Israel and the United States has had a marked effect on anti-Semitism because when people hear the fight between Israel and the United States, whatever it might be, it has an effect throughout the world of people saying even the best friend of Israel is having problems with them. That gives us the license to start talking also more and more negative.    Mr. Cicilline. Before I yield back, Mr. Chairman, I think it is an important opportunity to say that while there might be disagreements between individuals or policies, I think it should be clear to everyone in the world that the relationship between our two countries is unbreakable. It is built on a set of shared values that will endure forever and I hope this hearing is an opportunity for us--I don't disagree with your conclusion.    Ambassador Lauder. We all know that, but the world outside does not know that.    Mr. Cicilline. I understand. Thank you.