    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I am really pleased at the level of attention this committee, in particular the subcommittee, has given over the past year to our biodefense enterprise. As the chairman knows, I am focused along with my colleague across the aisle, Congresswoman Eshoo, on strengthening our Nation's biodefense enterprise with the Bill 3299 which would help us get at the problem by incentivizing responsible procurement of vaccinations and treatments needed to combat an outbreak or an attack.    However, as we have focused on in past hearings on this subject, breaches undermine the entire biodefense enterprise and are as much a matter of public health security as they are of national security. And fortunately we haven't had lapses like this leading to widespread contamination, but I am just curious and want to explore a little bit with respect to the lab safety and inconsistent enforcement.    And while I am focused on Federal Government and industry partnering to develop medical countermeasures and bolster our national strategic stockpile, I am curious. And if we use anthrax as an example, a pathogen for which we obviously, is currently stockpiled, are the lab workers and the scientists and other staff given the necessary vaccines before working around these dangerous pathogens? I would ask Major General Holcomb, are they given vaccines?    MG Holcomb. Most are, the military are. The civilian and contractors it's not a requirement. They're offered the opportunity. They certainly have all the PPE, the personal protective equipment, needed to work, but we cannot force them to take a vaccine for something that they don't choose to do.    Mrs. Brooks. How about Dr. Monroe and CDC, what is the status of vaccines for those working in the space?    Mrs. Brooks. And that is what I wanted to follow up. So are there sufficient antivirals and antitoxins on site in case of exposure, for everybody?    Mrs. Brooks. What is the process in place if that were to be necessary?    Mrs. Brooks. Dr. Sosin, you seem as if you wanted to add.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank sounds like a lot of different Government entities.    Mrs. Brooks. Well, that is what I--but then you mentioned the State.    Mrs. Brooks. OK, but you mentioned the State of Georgia as well being involved in that. And so when you said it all goes very fast, how fast are you talking about a process like that taking if there were to be exposure?    Mrs. Brooks. OK.    Mrs. Brooks. OK, thank you.    Major General Holcomb, with respect to DoD, with respect to sufficient antivirals and antitoxins if there were exposure?    MG Holcomb. We also have access to the same supplies of the national stockpile. And so we keep enough on hand to address potential initial exposure for those working in with the agent, but again have the same access that the other Federal agencies have to the stockpile.    Mrs. Brooks. OK, thank you.    Dr. Monroe or Dr. Sosin, 5 of the 21 identified incidents in 2003 to '15 were result of equipment issues, malfunctions or failures. Would you briefly explain the alert systems built into these machines should an issue occur?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you.    Dr. Monroe, are there alert systems in place? And I guess that is what I am curious about with respect to the functioning of the alert systems.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. I yield back.