    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the witnesses being here.    This morning we have certainly heard that there is no silver bullet, and I don't think we expected the answer to be, yes, there is a silver bullet. We are concerned that, knowing what has been going on, having clear evidence that hackers have been attempting for quite some time and then, at least those of us here who trust on agencies and people like yourselves who know the issues, that some more efforts could have been successful in stopping the most recent attacks.    We have heard today that networks aren't compartmentalized, segmented, in certain cases encrypted; that with the recent attacks, exterior perimeter has been breached, the attacker often remains undetected for months. That is concerning. As a result of that, able to exploit vulnerabilities within the networks without passing through, and this is most concerning to me, additional inspection or security measures.    So, Mr. Scott, as I understand, in the private sectors there have been shifts towards zero trust model. Ultimately, given OMB's role in setting metrics for agencies, my question is can you tell me, tell us what OMB is doing to set IT security metrics to limit the number of workloads, application tiers to the networks?    Mr. Walberg. That is a weakness right now, is what you are telling me, that that is not happening?    Mr. Walberg. How far are we from that?    Mr. Walberg. Ms. Seymour, with the millions of current and former Federal employees, a lot of them in my district, that sign on to do the work that we give to them, we appreciate the work, it is not something they make up. We ask them to do the Federal jobs that the agencies, the departments that they work under have been asked to do. They don't expect that their life will be compromised, their history will be compromised, their records be compromised.    When did OPM begin letting victims know of the breach and the risk to their identities?    Mr. Walberg. Okay. Thank you.