    Mr. Winfree. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock. Ranking Member Lipinski, and Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the Department of Transportation's surface transportation research, development and technology programs, also known as RD&T. We all recognize that results driven transportation, research and technology are essential for maximizing the federal investment in transportation infrastructure and operations. Our transportation system needs to be smarter, and that's why the Department provided the Grow America Act, a bill that, at its core, shifts the foci of transportation funding discussion from short-term measures to long-term custodianship. We look forward to charting a path toward a common solution together.    Secretary Anthony Foxx highlighted the challenges we face in his strategic framework, entitled Beyond Traffic 2045: Trends and Choices. Beyond Traffic is a draft survey of the major forces shaping transportation and a discussion of the potential solutions that can be adopted to address those forces. It is not prescriptive, it doesn't advocate for specific policies, but it does underscore the critical decisions we're going to have to make, drawing on a variety of data, research, and analysis to frame key questions, such as how can we avoid a future of crumbling infrastructure in gridlock traffic, where our transportation network constrains, rather than enables, our economy? How can we ensure that we are creating the right connections so that all of us can have the best opportunities to access jobs, goods, services, and each other?    When Secretary Foxx unveiled the draft of Beyond Traffic in February, he invited the American public to join him in the discussion, to have a frank conversation about the shape, size, and condition of our transportation system, and how it will meet the needs and goals of our nation for decades to come. And we are pleased that people across the country have answered his invitation. We've received hundreds of comments at events, through webinars, from social media, and on our website, which I also encourage you to visit at transportation.gov/beyondtraffic. Thought leaders, young professionals, and Americans from all walks of life continue to contribute to this effort, and to raise tough questions about the future we all must build.    One of the most important questions is, how will we encourage the development and adoption of new technologies that can make travel safer and more convenient? Innovative technologies can support safer and more efficient vehicles, infrastructure, logistics, and transportation services. New sources of travel data can improve traveler experience, support more efficient management, and inform investment decisions. Automation and robotics will influence all modes of transportation, improving infrastructure maintenance, travel safety, and enable commercial use of autonomous vehicles.    The Department currently invests almost $1.2 billion in transportation research, development and technology activities. To address the challenges we face, the President's fiscal year 2016 budget request increases this investment by almost 30 percent, to over $1.4 billion. The President's request directs research and technology investments to the priority areas highlighted in Beyond Traffic, and other areas important to the transportation enterprise. So I'd like to provide a brief overview of these priorities, but note that my written testimony provides many more details.    The Department has a significant investment in vehicle to vehicle communication technologies, and vehicle automation innovations are developing rapidly, capturing the public's fancy. Grow America seeks to invest $935 million over six years in activities to advance vehicle automation and vehicle to vehicle technologies. The Administration made accelerating deployment of V2V technologies, and swiftly advancing a deployment framework for automated vehicles, a priority, seeking $158 million for the intelligent transportation system research program in fiscal year 2016, a 68 percent increase over inactive levels.    Moreover, in May Secretary Foxx directed the NHTSA to accelerate the timetable for its rulemaking on V2V technology in new vehicles. He also committed to the rapid testing of unlicensed devices, seeking to share the wireless spectrum used by V2V to ensure there was no interference to critical safety of life messages as soon as the production ready devices are provided by industry. And he has asked NHTSA to make sure a regulatory framework promotes the deployment of proven traffic safety innovations in an effort to ensure an accelerated and safe deployment of these applications.    So I'm certainly mindful of time. There was much more in my written testimony, but I would like to conclude by saying that I'm excited about the future of our surface transportation research programs. These programs are vital to achieving the safety, state of good repair, economic competitiveness, quality of life, and environmental sustainability goals of the U.S. Department of Transportation, and the expectations of the American public. We are addressing serious issues and seeking tangible results for the benefit of all citizens and our nation's economy, and I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Winfree. I would say it's principally through two different mechanisms. One is the DOT research hub, and that's a web based portal where all research conducted at the Department is posted and made available to the public. That's certainly the most direct means for that kind of information to be disseminated.    But I would also say, you know, we are hugely supportive of open government, and of the--making access to research results available to the public. We've received a memo from the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy for making research results available to the public. So, by providing access through those two portals, state and local DOTs have access to the research data of federal investment. Can we track it? I would say our best tracking mechanism is following the hits and the results that we get on the research hub, but there isn't a formal means of dialogue with state and local DOTs on those issues.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Do they--did--are they given, like, best practices information, or seminars, you know, efforts to transfer that information at various levels? And maybe if the other witnesses have, you know, I see you're nodding, so if there's something where you can--if the others would like to jump in to address a little--some ideas on that.    Mr. Winfree. Thank you for the question, Mr. Lipinski. DOT works across the enterprise, from a federal agency perspective. We work with many different agencies and departments, depending on the issue at hand. So, for example, workforce development, which is a key role that we play at the Department, we partnered with the Department of Labor, the Department of Education, to have a continuum. With respect to renewable energy and sustainable transportation, we work very closely with the Department of Energy. Just yesterday I spoke with the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory about combining our knowledge to research automation, and--looking forward to, you know, unmanned aerial devices, and other kinds of technologies. JPL is one of our key partners there, or will be as well.    So the best way to put it is we're aware of what's going on across government. We work collaboratively with those agencies and departments in many different spaces. We partner with the Department of Defense in maintaining the GPS satellite Constellation. So all of these different technologies are resident--that are resident at DOT we're aware of across government, and work collaboratively with other organizations.    Mr. Winfree. Yes, and we've requested that in Grow America.    Mr. Winfree. Yes, thank you for the question. And the first thing I would point out is that I'm extraordinarily pleased to be here with UTC representatives. As they've both mentioned, the UTC program is extraordinarily strong in supporting our transportation initiatives. So, to carry that further, we're working with the University of Michigan, another one of our UTCs, on connected vehicle technologies, and they are putting together the Southeast Michigan Connected Corridor. So, from Novi past Detroit, that will be a roadway test bed, kind of a living laboratory, that looks at connected vehicles, vehicle to vehicle communications, vehicle to infrastructure, everything from road weather to signal phase and timing.    So it'll be a--again, a living platform that the University of Michigan, in the conduct of our connected vehicle safety pilot, first developed. So the safety pilot was a 3,000 vehicle circulating in and around Ann Arbor, giving us that rich data that was used to inform the NHTSA AMPRM. So we're very supportive on the research side of where NHTSA wants to go with connected vehicle technology. And all this is made possible by our strong partnership with the University of Michigan.    Mr. Winfree. With respect to the first question, the question about spectrum business is quite lengthy, so maybe I'll start there first, because it's an important question for me to address. V2V operates in the 5.9 Gigahertz spectrum. Right now the Wi-Fi industry is interested in sharing that spectrum for UNII devices, Unlicensed National Information Infrastructure, devices. The problem is we can't tolerate interference in critical safety of life applications.    DSRC communicates 10 times per second relative speed, steering wheel position, brake force, et cetera, of what a vehicle that's potentially in a collision scenario is doing. So it gives drivers advance warning to engage in evasive or preventive maneuvers and avoid crashes. As we know, we have 32,719 fatalities on our roadways, and that number is unacceptably high, as Mr. Owens has pointed out. So this is a critical technology that will really reduce and address those crash scenarios. We're not averse to testing, but, again, we need devices, and the Wi-Fi industry has not produced 5.9 Gigahertz Wi-Fi devices for us to test in a real world scenario. We have a current testing platform in--data--test bed in Cheltenham, Maryland, at the DHS federal Law Enforcement Training Facility, where we'll be able to engage in testing as soon as devices are delivered.    So that's what Secretary Fox said when he said that, look, we're going to move forward with our rulemaking with respect to V2V. We are willing to work with industry on testing to see whether or not there is harmful interference. We think that within 12 months we'll have data that will let us know up or down whether or not testing--sharing can be tolerated. But none of that can start until we get devices, so we're moving on dual tracks with--full speed ahead for the NHTSA NPRM, but we're also interested in working with industry, should they provide the devices that we need.    Mr. Winfree. Thank you for the question. The reason this organization was stood up, and you may remember the original RITA, the Research and Innovative Technology Administration, my office is that office, but we're now elevated into the Office of the Secretary.    Our principle role is research coordination across the Department, and the means in which we effect that are through monthly RD&T planning team meetings. So we bring together the associate administrators of research across the Department's operating administrations, and on a monthly basis engage them in a discourse and dialogue about what each research organization is working on.    And just by, you know, getting us out of those stovepipes, and having those discussions, has really brought to light a lot of the activities that are going on. It's helped us reduce--or, you know, address whether or not there are duplicative, you know, research programs. As custodians of taxpayer dollars, we're extraordinarily sensitive to the need to--and the responsibility to be as fiscally responsible as possible. So that's the principle means for us to do that.    We also have an RD&T planning council executive committee, and those are where the administrators across the Department are brought together as well to talk about what their individual organizations are doing. So just by staying closely engaged with the research community across the Department is the best way for us to tackle that issue.    Mr. Winfree. I would say it's complimentary. You know, those are vexing issues, and they're looking at it from different perspectives. Certainly the OEMs have a vested interest in those technologies for protecting passengers, as well as, you know, their ultimate customers down the line, but NHTSA looks at it from a safety perspective. We are a safety first organization, and those technologies, we believe, are the best means for kind of a holistic view about occupant safety.    One of the things we talk about at DOT is the first 50 years have been focused on having vehicle occupants survive crashes. The next 50 will be about avoiding crashes altogether. So all of that is part of a continuum of research at NHTSA.    Mr. Winfree. No, thank you for that, and, unfortunately, I'm not as expert as I should be in responding to that question, so I have to defer, perhaps to questions for the record. But one thing I would say, you know, if you look at the light-weighting of vehicles in auto racing, you know, concept, they're able to construct vehicles that are withstanding crashes of significantly more velocity than on our roadways today. So there are technologies available, there are materials available, that will make for lightweight, but strong, vehicles that will protect occupants.