    Mr. Kinzinger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Secretary, thank you for your service to your country and for being here. I appreciate it.    I just want to kind of briefly talk about something, and then I want to get into LNG a little bit more. Included in the budget are plans to finalize DOE's multiyear program plan for grid modernization, which will create an integrated R&D program that will help ensure the future grid will deliver reliable, affordable, secure, resilient, and clean electricity to consumers. What specific kind of projects will be undertaken in this program do you foresee?    Mr. Kinzinger. And then, just very briefly, what is kind of your timing to launch and finalize? And then what opportunities for State and local municipalities will there be in participating? And are there going to be funding opportunities that you foresee?    Mr. Kinzinger. And then what about like local municipalities and States to participate?    Mr. Kinzinger. All right. Thank you.    I am going to switch subjects. LNG exports and crude oil exports put the U.S. well aligned to help the energy security of our allies in Europe and Asia. What steps are being taken to increase global access to reliable and affordable energy from us? And then also maybe when you are looking into Europe, for instance, and, frankly, that Russia has a grip on Eastern Europe and Europe, what are we doing to kind of help Europe develop their own energy as well as our exports?    Mr. Kinzinger. Yes.    Mr. Kinzinger. Great.    Mr. Kinzinger. Thank you. I only have 20 seconds, so I won't ask my next question, but I will just make the statement that it is very appreciated. You know, I see our energy as a very important part of our national defense structure, of our soft power, which prevents the use of hard power in many cases, and a very important part of posturing against the Russians and strengthening our NATO allies. So to the extent that you can continue to partner with that in development in terms of utilizing our blessed resources that we have would be very appreciated. So I appreciate you being here again, and thanks for your service.    And I will yield back.