    Mr. RENACCI. Thank you, Chairman Dold. And I want to also thank Chairman Johnson for calling this hearing to allow Mr. O'Carroll to have the opportunity really to discuss the challenges, the future challenges facing the Social Security Administration.    I want to thank you, Mr. O'Carroll, for your testimony and for agreeing to testify in front of the committee today. Additionally, I want to thank you for your many years of public service and your last 10 years of service as Inspector General for the Social Security Administration. It is really appreciated.    I have heard from numerous constituents in northeast Ohio who have been impacted by fraud or attempted fraud with Social Security, specifically Social Security numbers. Social Security numbers play a vital role in daily life of every American. Attempts to defraud and steal the identities of Americans, especially senior citizens is a concern that I now share with--I know I share with many of my colleagues.    I also had my identity stolen. My Social Security number was stolen. A tax return was filed. So I do have some history with it as well. That is why I am concerned when the government puts the personal information of millions of Americans at risk by sending out so many documents. I have been committed to protecting Americans from identity theft; stopping the use of Social Security numbers when it just isn't necessary. In fact last year, we were able to pass into law the Johnson-Doggett legislation ending the use of Social Security numbers on Medicare cards. So it is definitely my concern when I learn Social Security includes--many of the Social Security letters and filings include--Social Security numbers on so many documents. So I kind of want to, while you are here, ask you some questions about that.    So what is Social Security's plan to stop mailing out Social Security numbers? Is there some plan? Something that is being looked at or potentially that could be done?    Mr. RENACCI. Thank you. I also know that when tax returns are filed, when a W-3 is filed--we now have it so that people get their W-2 at the end of January. And hopefully next year most companies are going to actually under law, have to file with the Social Security Administration their W-2 information. But I know there is a delay even there, in getting it to the IRS. What are some of the things that Social Security Administration will do to try to move those documents a little quicker if possible to the IRS to match up this information?    Mr. RENACCI. I would appreciate that. These are the issues that I know affect identity theft. And again, I want to thank you for what you have done. I appreciate your work and dedication to our country and your service. I yield back.