    Ms. Lidback. Thank you. Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member Peterson, and other Members of the Committee. Thank you for inviting me here today. I am here on behalf of Agri-Mark Dairy Cooperative, the National Council of Farmer Co-ops, and the National Milk Producers Federation.    My husband and I have a small 50 cow dairy located in northeast Vermont. We also make extra hay to sell. We raise Jersey steers to process and sell beef locally, and we market a small amount of composted manure. We have two young boys, ages 3 and 2.    My husband and I are both proud to be first-generation dairy farmers. We believe in the science and capability of biotechnology and its role in protecting the sustainability of our farm. Biotech crops are essential to treating our cows and calves. We feed both GMO corn and soy products year round along with pasturing, a grass-based silage, and hay.    I believe that biotech varieties improve efficiency and productivity of farming. In my written testimony, I mentioned that I could not find a non-GMO option available to me, but I have since found it. The non-GMO feed would cost $589 per ton. The same conventional feed we currently feed is $333 per ton. On our small farm, we purchase about 16 tons of grain per month, and if you do the math, that is a difference of about $4,100 a month or $49,000 a year. If there are any dairy economists here, this is the equivalent of $1,000 per cow on our farm. I don't see how we could profitably farm with those increased feed costs.    As a small farm just starting out, we are constantly exploring new opportunities to grow our business. One of the things we have been looking at recently is growing our own corn and alfalfa. In our short growing season, genetically engineered seeds offer the best options for us. Incidentally, over 97 percent of the corn grown for silage in Vermont is biotech crop.    I personally believe that there is room for many different styles of farming. I also believe that biotechnology will play a major role in our ability to feed a growing world and to make improvements on our own individual farms. Certainly, as a dairy farmer, increasing feed costs would have a devastating impact on my business. But beyond our farm gate, we know that the impact would be just as brutal. In my area of rural northeast Vermont, 80 percent of the children in elementary school receive free reduced-price school lunches. It is their families who would suffer the most from price increased caused by mandatory biotech labeling.    As a mother and a consumer, I do not to purchase organic or non-GMO food in the store since I would be paying more with no added nutritional, health, or environmental benefits. I firmly believe the food I feed my two growing boys is safe.    You must be aware that recently my State of Vermont passed a mandatory GMO labeling law. In New England, it is very easy to cross borders for various reasons, such as grocery shopping. If the Vermont labeling law is activated, there will likely be one label on food in Vermont and another on the exact same food in New Hampshire, raising questions about whether or not the product is actually the same.    Furthermore, the Vermont law exempts meat and dairy from being labeled. Other states may not exempt those products as they consider their own GMO labeling bills. Doing so will affect my ability to market my USDA certified Jersey beef across state lines. This serves no one's interests, not consumers, not farmers, not food producers.    I am happy to speak up for our right to farm in whatever way we choose, which in our case, includes biotechnology and the use of GMOs. It is important to continue the conversation about the opportunities and challenges we face as modern-day farmers and parents. When I have one person or ten people reach out to me for a question or appreciating my practical perspective from the farm, then I have succeeded.    Sometimes this isn't an easy task. As the Chairman mentioned, I testified at a Subcommittee hearing on this very topic last summer and received some very rude comments from total strangers on social media and phone calls from them in the middle of the night.    It was not always the most pleasant experience, but being a dairy farmer, I am used to having to do unpleasant jobs from time to time. Even with those negative encounters, or maybe because of them, I was eager to come back and share my experiences today. I am proud of how far the American farmer has come, just as I am proud of how far we have come on our own farm. If my sons choose to continue in farming, I want to know that my husband and I have provided them with a firm foundation to build on.    Thanks again for the opportunity to be here with you today.    Ms. Lidback. Thank you. Yes, food made with genetically engineered crops happen to be the most rigorously tested portion of the food that is available out there. People can rest assured, I can rest assured, you can rest assured, that they are safe. They are no more risky than other conventional non-GMO or organic counterparts.    Ms. Lidback. I would like to chime in. Congressman, I walked away from the Subcommittee hearing last year feeling like absolutely consumers have a right to know. No one here is contesting that statement. And in fact, since then, more and more resources have popped up just exactly the way you have described them, websites with good information, including one from my alma mater, Cornell University has a great website, the Alliance for Science, that explains a bit more in detail some of these growing processes and what the details are that lead to farmers making the choices to use the biotechnology that they do in their everyday practices.    Ms. Lidback. I would, Congresswoman. I appreciate your sentiment. And just for example in our country alone, you must be aware, that less than two percent of our population lives on farms. So in my opinion, we are going to need every farmer that we can get, organic, non-GMO, conventional, whatever it takes, and certainly biotechnology offers a tremendous amount of tools beyond genetic engineering in order for us to do the best that we can.    Ms. Lidback. Currently, yes.    Ms. Lidback. That is an interesting question. It sort of depends on what kind of a price we would then be able to receive. So for example, generally speaking, when you convert to the organic, you also are then able to collect an organic premium in the market. So probably initially no, but if the change were to happen overnight, the increasing costs I detailed in my earlier statement would put us right out of business.    Ms. Lidback. It is by industry, and it is really about the food product itself. So the dairy and meat would be exempt as well as food sold in restaurants would be exempt from being labeled, whether it was produced using genetically engineered ingredients or not.    Ms. Lidback. Thanks for your question. Yes, it is a topic of--oftentimes we talk about it a lot, my peers and I. And one of the frustrations we have is sort of this clash between providing factual information and wanting to market a product. It was Mr. McGovern earlier that talked about transparency and consumers wanting transparency when there are a lot of different conflicting ideas and statements out there.    For example, a great example is in chicken. I just learned you are not allowed to label chicken packages as antibiotic-free. You can use the terms grown without the use of antibiotics, but you can't label it antibiotic-free. And there are various restaurants in the country that will have on their menus antibiotic-free chicken. So in my opinion, that is misleading. That is misleading the consumer. So the Whole Foods effort to sort of have a labeling initiative, I don't necessarily agree with it. They are listening to their customers, certainly, and they are trying to provide what they want, but at the same time, are they stigmatizing genetically engineered foods? And that is what the debate surrounds.    Ms. Lidback. Thank you.    Ms. Lidback. No. So beyond the feed, I mean, to keep milk segregated from cows fed non-GMO feed versus feed with GM, you would have to put in a second bulk tank and you have to put in a second grain bin. And so you are talking about capital expenditures, and as you can imagine, on a 50 cow dairy, there is really not a whole lot of extra left to go around to sort of fulfill those needs so that kind of consideration might be a deal-breaker for us.    Ms. Lidback. Can----    Ms. Lidback. No, it is okay. I just wanted to add, Mr. Emmer, when I was trying to locate a non-GMO source for grain, I first of course started my own grain company, and they simply don't have the capacity either. They are already satisfying an organic grain distribution system as well as conventional. So they don't have the capacity for a non-GMO option, either