    Mr. Cook. Sleeping on the switch here. I had a couple of questions on standardization of ammo. When I am thinking about the Stryker and I am thinking about the Bradley and I am thinking about the LAV and, you know, I am not as smart as anybody in this room here. I am just a dumb grunt. But why do we have, you know, 25 mm for one and 30 for the other?    I am a big fan of the Stryker. I like going up to the 30 mm. But I have also heard some rumors that some of the troops--I have got Fort Irwin--that they are grumbling a little bit about the 25 mm, and even in the Marine Corps. Whether it is capable to standardize that equipment or whether we have to retool all those vehicles?    If you could kind of comment on that because I am going to ask the same question about why the Marine Corps has its own 5.56 and the Army has its own 5.56.    And when we go into these budget wars where we are supposed to have our act together in terms of efficiency and effectiveness and we are trying to make the argument, and you have got a lot of people here that are, you know, quite frankly, hawks. And we are going to be fighting other people that are going to want to cut your budgets. These are answers that I think are imperative to some of the discussions that we have.    So is that too much of a grenade?    General Murray. No, sir. So I mean, you are absolutely correct. So the 30 mm is the current weapons system. It is not done yet as you know. We are still upgrading the Strykers, 81 per BCT starting with the regiment in Germany. And the 25, I know of, and General Williamson can talk in more detail, I know of no plans to try to go back in and reengineer the Bradley for a 30 mm.    A lot of that may be the integration piece of it is just too difficult and as spending a lot of time in a Bradley myself, I personally think the 25 with the right ammo is a very effective weapon system.    The 30 and Bradleys normally are around tanks so I mean that was part of the discussion in terms of 30 mm versus a smaller gun for the Strykers. Strykers are not necessarily throw--so there is a lot that went into it, but--and I will turn it over to General Williamson--but 30 on the Stryker, 25 on the Bradley is where we intend to stay.    General Williamson. So sir, just two points. So I do appreciate the concern about multiple weapons systems and then the associated tail that comes with multiple variations of ammunition. But the start point is the investment that would be required to go back and touch all of the 25 mms, which is a very capable weapon system. That is a significant investment.    I have spent time with our ammunition and our ballistics folks, and I would tell you that the 30 mm that gets added to the Stryker gives it an incredible capability. I mean, and part of the motivation there is it is on two fronts. So one, it gives you a capability to be able to address lightly armored, lightly skinned vehicles, but that weapon also gives you a tremendous capability in engaging enemy in the open and at range.    And so we believe it adds a tremendous amount of capability to that Stryker force, especially as you look at our desire to provide additional capabilities starting in Europe. And that is the direction that we have headed. There will be a separate decision that will be made by the leadership of the Army that talks about how far you go with that Stryker lethality package and the 30 mm.    General Walsh. Congressman, I think the first thing I would say is whenever we can, our intent is to buy with the Army in the same program. So everything going forward that is what we try to look at, and I will look forward to trying to answer that 5.56 question later when you bring that forward.    On the LAV specifically, as we look at our priorities between we have got first priority really is affordability on the ACV and the JLTV, trying to get those programs forward. Trying to give more firepower to our LAV program along with keeping them around longer, we focused really on their obsolescence and keeping them going from an obsolescence standpoint, but also the LAV anti-tank program. That is really our focus right now has been to up-gun them with this new anti-tank capability.    I think the same thing that General Murray had said it to try to up-gun and take an older vehicle like this at this point in time we are trying to bring in new programs and try to bring in a higher caliber capability in. It is just not an affordability standpoint to where we can afford to go right now.    Mr. Cook. I yield back.