    Mr. Vargas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, it is a pleasure to be here. I have to say, I have driven through Texas a few times and I always wonder how you guys can stand those long drives. I see it today why it is. You guys have stamina. Stamina.    Now, I do want to ask this: The FHA has played somewhat of a countercyclical role since the financial crisis, and I know that you guys have been criticized for bringing down the rates on your mortgage insurance premiums, but others have criticized the other way saying you haven't come down low enough, in the sense it still has a historically high level compared to the past. Could you comment on that, because we still get a lot of pressure at home from a lot of the REALTORS saying, we have to do more. And the FHA should do more. Here you are hearing the opposite, you ought to do less, but at home we hear the opposite, you guys have to do more. Could you comment on that?    Mr. Vargas. I guess I would ask this: There is that continued--the economy seems to be recovering. You take a look at the stock market, certainly, and look at the job growth. One of the things that doesn't seem to be coming back as robustly as before, and certainly not in California, certainly not in my district, is the sale of homes and the home market. So some people are pushing saying, you ought to do more. In fact, the reality is that it is pretty healthy, as you have been saying. The Fund is somewhat healthy. I was, just like some of my colleagues here, I was the vice president of Liberty Mutual and we did insurance, and the reality is that you have up markets, and you have down markets. And here there seems to be an opportunity for you, and it seems like you could do more.    And so, again, I just want to push you. And I know they are pushing you the other way. But when you go home, they push the other way saying you ought to do more. So could you just comment a little further on that?    Mr. Vargas. But the indices seem to show that you are going the right way. In other words, even though you have been beat up a little bit here by violating the law, even though you just got there, the reality is, the Fund is strong and getting stronger. So, will you continuously look at this? Because, again, the pressure at home is very different from what I have heard here today.    Mr. Vargas. Thank you very much, and again, thank you for staying here for so darn long. I haven't seen that in any other committee. So thank you very much.    Mr. Vargas. I yield back.