    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lehr, I want to focus some of my questions on you for a moment, if I may. I don't think you can underestimate the importance of the antiquities black market. Before I came to Congress, I was a Federal prosecutor. Remarkably, we had one such case in our district in Syracuse, New York. It happened because we found thousands upon thousands of tablets that had ended up at Cornell University. They ended up there through an antiquities dealer in New York City. Going through that case, it was remarkable to me to see how difficult it was to do any sort of a criminal prosecution and how difficult it was just to go through the process of repatriating these assets back to Iraq.    The tablets were stolen. They were all small tablets, about 4,000 years old, that really chronicled Iraq's history. I don't know how you put a value on that. But I know that this dealer in New York City paid a substantial amount of money to get those. He kept some there and some were donated to Cornell. They all ultimately have been back.    But, you know, I saw--I want to talk to you more about that. Because I think, you know, what ISIS has done in Palmyra and these other places, we don't know what they have done with those antiquities. But I do know there is a voracious appetite for them on the international market.    So with that in mind, and that as a backdrop, I want to ask you a couple of questions. What can we do to tweak the laws from a criminal standpoint to try and use these--to better prosecute--better investigate and prosecute these antiquities laws? Also, probe with you after that a little bit more about why you think it is necessary to have someone on the National Security Council involved on this as opposed to the Department of Justice.    Mr. Katko. See, that was my thought. When somebody from the Department of Justice that became a specialist on this and really understood it----    Mr. Katko . Once you understand the law, it is really not that hard to make a case like any other case. Garnering the proof is the thing. But I think having someone at the Department of Justice specifically designated for that is probably a pretty good idea.    Mr. Katko. You think about the $400 million, like Mr. King noted earlier, the Paris attacks were, what, $10,000 total?    Mr. Katko. So you can do a lot of damage with $400 million.    Mr. Katko. Sure.    Mr. Katko. Right.    Mr. Katko. When you say Sotheby's makes $7 billion a year, around there, is that just the commissions they earn on the things they are selling?    Mr. Katko. Okay. So obviously----    Mr. Katko. The amount of revenue they are generating through those sales is exponentially more than that, obviously. Right.    So, yeah, I mean, I think that--I am trying to think of the best legal means. Do you have any suggestions as to what the best legal means would be to create this position or positions at the Department of Justice? Because I think it is something that needs to be done.    Mr. Katko. Okay. All right. Well, thank you very much. My time has pretty much expired, so thank you.