    Chairman Smith. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will come to order. And without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing entitled ``The Space Leadership Preservation Act and the Need for Stability at NASA.''    I'll recognize myself for an opening statement and then the Ranking Minority Member, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson from Texas.    And let me say just looking out on the audience today I'm glad to see so much interest in this subject. And we have actually two panels today. We're going to start off with Congressman John Culberson, and then we'll go to a panel of three witnesses after that.    Presidential transitions often have provided a challenge to NASA programs that require continuity and budget stability. But few have been as rocky as the Administration change we experienced seven years ago.    Even before he was elected President, then-candidate Barack Obama planned to delay the Constellation program being built to take humans to deep space destinations. One of the Obama Administration's first acts, in fact, was to cancel this NASA program outright.    These jarring decisions have been accompanied by repeated budget proposals that continue to cut key programs designed to take humans to deep space destinations like the Moon and Mars. The most recent proposal released just a few weeks ago would shrink the Space Launch System and Orion crew vehicle by more than $800 million. Even worse, the entire budget depends on make-believe budget gimmicks.    This regrettable approach continues to make a Mars mission all but impossible. It is not the approach of an administration that is serious about maintaining America's leadership in space.    The recent report from the National Academies of Science titled ``Pathways to Exploration: Rationales and Approaches for a U.S. Program of Human Space Exploration,'' stated that: ``The human spaceflight program in the United States had experienced considerable programmatic turbulence, with frequent and dramatic changes in program goals and mission plans in response to changes in national policies. The changes had a high cost in program resources and opportunities, and imposed what many feared was an intolerable burden on already-constrained human exploration budgets.''    The Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, an advisory body established by Congress to report to NASA and Congress on safety issues that affect NASA, stated in their recent report in January that ``NASA faces another challenge that has historically led to disruption and inefficiency and arguably has impact on safety and good systems engineering. This is the challenge of starting over with new programs and directions following administration change. As in prior reports, the ASAP urges constancy of purpose. Failing to stay the course with current programs of record will make it an even longer, costlier, and potentially less safe trip to Mars.''    These facts are not lost on this committee. The most recent NASA Authorization Act from 2010 contains several provisions that remain the ``law of the land'' and continue to guide NASA activities.    The Act notes that the ``commitment to human exploration goals is essential for providing the necessary long-term focus and programmatic consistency and robustness of the United States civilian space program.''    The Act states that ``It is in the United States' national interest to maintain a government-operated space transportation system for crew and cargo delivery to space.''    The Act directs that ``The United States must develop as rapidly as possible replacement vehicles capable of providing both human and cargo launch capability to low-Earth orbit and to destinations beyond low-Earth orbit.''    The 2005, 2008, and 2010 NASA Authorization Acts are consistent in their direction to NASA. NASA needs the same certainty from the executive branch that it receives from Congress. Today, we are discussing how to provide that stability to NASA once again as we look toward a presidential transition in less than a year.    My friend and Texas colleague, Representative John Culberson, has a bill that seeks to do just that. I thank Representative Culberson for his leadership on this issue, and I am a cosponsor of his legislation. We share the goal of providing NASA with long-term, consistent support, and it is great to have him here today to discuss his bill.    One of the first hearings that this committee held during my chairmanship was, in fact, on this very topic.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today how we can ensure stability in our space program through the next presidential transition.    Dr. Michael Griffin provides a unique perspective as the last NASA Administrator to serve before a presidential transition. Colonel Eileen Collins not only has served as a pilot and commander of space shuttle missions, but also as a member of the NASA Advisory Council during the last transition. And Ms. Cristina Chaplain brings the Government Accountability Office's insightful perspective.    We look forward to hearing their testimony and learning how we can ensure that NASA remains on the forefront of space exploration through the next presidential transition.    Chairman Smith. That concludes my opening statement, and the Ranking Member is recognized for hers.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    Our witness on the first panel today is Hon. John Culberson, Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, and Science.    Congressman Culberson represents the 7th District of Texas, a district formerly represented by President George H.W. Bush. A longtime space enthusiast, Chairman Culberson is the sponsor of H.R. 2093, the Space Leadership Reservation Act of 2015. We thank him for being here this morning and look forward to hearing about his bill.    And the gentleman is recognized for five minutes. John, make sure your mike is on there.    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Chairman Culberson, thank you for the comments about your bill and also thank you for all you have done for NASA over the years and into the future as well.    You are welcome to join us up here if you'd like to, to listen to the next expert panel. And we're going to take a brief recess while the witness table is prepared for the next panel.    Chairman Smith. And while we're taking a recess, I understand that the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Babin, the Chairman of the Space Subcommittee, is recognized for an opening statement if he'd like to make one.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Babin.    We are awaiting the arrival of a Member of the Science Committee, the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Brooks, who is going to introduce our first witness, Dr. Griffin. And while he is on the way, I'm going to proceed and introduce our other two witnesses today.    And our second witness is Colonel Eileen Collins, Retired United States Air Force Colonel and former NASA astronaut and resident of my hometown San Antonio. Colonel Collins was selected by NASA to become an astronaut in 1991. In 1995, she flew the space shuttle as pilot aboard Discovery and then again as pilot in 1997 aboard Atlantis. Colonel Collins became the first woman commander of a U.S. spacecraft with shuttle mission Columbia in 1999. Her final spaceflight mission was as commander of Discovery in 2005, the Return to Flight mission. She has logged more than 6,750 hours in 30 different types of aircraft and more than 870 hours in space as a veteran of four spaceflights.    Colonel Collins received her bachelor's degree in mathematics and economics from Syracuse University, her master of science degree in operations from Stanford University, and a master of arts degree in space systems management from Webster University.    Our final witness is Ms. Cristina Chaplain, Director of Acquisitions and Sourcing Management at the U.S. Government Accountability Office. Ms. Chaplain has a responsibility of GAO assessments of military space acquisitions, NASA, and the Missile Defense Agency. Prior to her current position at GAO, she worked with GAO's Financial Management and Information Technology Team. She has been with GAO for 25 years. Ms. Chaplain received her bachelor's degree from Boston University and her master's degree from Columbia University.    Okay. I'm sure that the gentleman from Alabama will be joining us shortly, but in his absence, I'm going to go on and introduce our first witness today. And that is Dr. Michael Griffin, former NASA Administrator and current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Schafer Corporation. Dr. Griffin served as both Chief Engineer and Associate Administrator for Exploration at NASA, as well as Deputy for Technology at the Strategic Defense Initiative Organization. Dr. Griffin is a recipient of numerous honors and awards, including the NASA Exceptional Achievement Medal and the Department Of Defense's distinguished Public Service Medal, the highest award which can be conferred on a nongovernment employee.    Dr. Griffin received his bachelor's degree in physics from Johns Hopkins University and master's degrees in aerospace science from Catholic University, electrical engineering from the University of Southern California, applied physics from Johns Hopkins, civil engineering from George Washington University, and business administration from Loyola College of Maryland. By my count, that's five master's degrees. And his Ph.D. is in aerospace engineering from the University of Maryland.    We welcome you, all three of you, to the hearing today.    And the gentleman from Alabama has arrived, but I still want to recognize him. Even though I just finished introducing Dr. Griffin, I know that the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Brooks, will have some comments to make as well. And he is recognized for that purpose.    Chairman Smith. I just----    Chairman Smith. I just finished, but I'd like to recognize you to make any additional comments you'd like to make.    Well, Dr. Griffin, thank you for being here. Roll Tide and War Eagle. I'll make it short.    Chairman Smith. In that case, we will proceed, and, Dr. Griffin, you're welcome to start your testimony.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Griffin.    Colonel Collins.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Colonel Collins.    And, Ms. Chaplain.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Chaplain, and thank you all for your testimony today. I appreciate your candor and directness both.    Dr. Griffin, let me address my first question to you, and actually this is a question from Chairman Culberson, and that is, how would you design a process to create a human spaceflight Decadal Survey?    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Dr. Griffin. We'll look forward to a further discussion----    Chairman Smith. --on the subject with you as well.    Chairman Smith. Great. Colonel Collins, does NASA have a set of clearly defined strategic goals and objectives? And if not, what should those goals and objectives be?    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Colonel Collins.    And, Ms. Chaplain, what are your recommendations for how NASA should address their deficiency in their proposal to go to Mars?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Chaplain.    The Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Johnson, is recognized for her questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    The gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Posey.    The gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter, is up next.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Perlmutter. We're with you on 2033.    And the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine, is recognized for his comments.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Bridenstine.    And the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Babin, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Babin.    And the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Brooks, is recognized for questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Brooks.    In the interest of balance and because he is such a diligent Member of this Committee, without objection, the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter, will be recognized for an additional 2 minutes.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Perlmutter.    The gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    The gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer, is recognized for his questions.