    Ms. Thornton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee for having me here today and giving me the opportunity to discuss our very strong relationship with Taiwan.    The story of Taiwan is, of course, an impressive one. People on Taiwan have built a prosperous, free and orderly society with strong institutions worthy of emulation and envy.    And before I go any further, I would also like to offer my sincere condolences to everyone in Taiwan that was affected by the recent earthquake, especially the families of those who were injured or lost their lives. The American people stand with the people on Taiwan during this difficult time.    Last month's free and fair elections were yet another victory for Taiwan's vibrant democracy. These elections not only represent Taiwan's third peaceful transition of Presidential power and the first transfer of power in its legislature but, as has been already remarked, will also lead to the inauguration of Taiwan's first female President.    In this administration we have worked to strengthen and deepen the bonds between the people of the United States and Taiwan to build a comprehensive, durable and mutually beneficial partnership.    As one of Taiwan's strongest partners, we are working side by side to increase our mutual economic prosperity, tackle global challenges and ensure effective security to support continued stability and dynamism for Taiwan and the region.    On trade issues, Taiwan has developed a well-earned reputation for having a diversified economy that has built its prosperity on the openness of the global trade system.    Taiwan has grown to become our ninth largest trading partner and our seventh largest destination for agricultural exports.    In 2015, our two-way trade in goods with Taiwan reached $66 billion, up 4\1/2\ percent in just the last 2 years. The United States has also moved up to be Taiwan's second largest trading partner in the last year.    Aside from these big business links, people-to-people ties between the United States and Taiwan also continue to grow. Travel for business and pleasure from Taiwan to the United States jumped 35 percent in 2013 alone after Taiwan became a member of the U.S. visa waiver program in November 2012.    The United States remains committed to supporting Taiwan's confidence and dignity through increased participation in the international community and enhanced security.    We continue to support Taiwan's membership in organizations that do not require statehood and to urge meaningful participation in those that do.    At a time when pressure to squeeze Taiwan out of international organizations is growing, we are finding new ways for Taiwan to earn the dignity and respect that its contributions to global challenges merit.    These include new innovations such as the establishment of our Global Cooperation and Training Framework. The GCTF is a vehicle for the United States to help showcase Taiwan's strengths and expertise by making it a hub for helping other countries to address global and regional concerns.    At the same time, we remain just as committed to Taiwan's meaningful participation in organizations like Interpol, ICAO, WHO and the U.N. climate framework.    We will continue to match Taiwan's growing capacity to serve the international community with equally innovative approaches to enabling and highlighting Taiwan's contributions.    On the security front, the United States makes available to Taiwan defense articles and services necessary for Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-defense which is consistent with our responsibilities under the Taiwan Relations Act.    During the Obama administration, we have notified Congress of over $14 billion in arms sales to Taiwan including a sale of $1.83 billion that was notified in December of last year.    Our efforts at supporting Taiwan's self-defense capabilities extend beyond arms sales, however. We also support Taiwan's capacity-building efforts through visits, maintenance programs, and exchanges.    Due in part to these stepped-up contacts and strong U.S. partnership, Taipei has gained more confidence in its engagements with Beijing.    In recent years, the two sides have pursued constructive dialogue to reach agreements on economic and people-to-people exchanges that promote peace and stability across the Taiwan Strait.    Last year in November, we welcomed the meeting between leaders on both sides of the Taiwan Strait and the historic improvement in cross-Strait relations that it symbolized.    The United States remains committed to our one-China policy based on the three joint communiques and the Taiwan Relations Act, a policy that has remained consistent over several decades and many administrations.    We will continue to call on both sides of the Strait to engage in dialogue on the basis of dignity and respect after Taiwan's new administration takes office in May.    In conclusion, we have developed a vital partnership with Taiwan that is filled with many opportunities for cooperation in the future.    We are committed to ensuring that this relationship will continue to thrive as we find new ways to deepen our unofficial ties.    The innovative spirit, democratic dynamism and courageous vision of the people on Taiwan make us proud to be their friend and partner.    Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, I would like to thank you again for inviting me here today and I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Thornton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for that question.    We have already in the process of last weekend's earthquake received a declaration of the disaster from the authorities on Taiwan and have responded to that with a contribution that we are making through the Taiwan Red Cross that will go to help the families of those affected by the earthquake.    We have also had a member of our Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance regional team fly to Tainan to inspect the work that was ongoing and to keep coordination with people in the Taiwan authorities to see if there is any additional assistance that would be needed.    So far, the judgment has been made that the Taiwan rescue authorities are fully capable of conducting the onsite rescue. But we are maintaining close contact with them.    Ms. Thornton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I would say that Secretary Kerry, in speaking at the press conference, if he omitted the mention of the Taiwan Relations Act in that construct it was certainly unintentional.    We, as a matter of constant practice when we are describing our one-China policy, always try to pair the adherence to the three joint communiques with our strong commitment to the Taiwan Relations Act as a cornerstone of our policy and as, really, the framework within which we conduct our unofficial relationship with Taiwan.    Of course, it also provides for the establishment of the American Institute in Taiwan, which provides for a cadre of experts both in Taiwan and here in Washington, to pursue this relationship with a laser focus on trying to expand our cooperation.    So I want to assure you that Secretary Kerry's omission, if it happened, was completely inadvertent. We have seen President Obama, standing next to President Xi at least twice since I've been in this job at a press conference, mention the Taiwan Relations Act. So I know that it is firmly, you know, part of our----    Ms. Thornton. Thank you very much for that very important question.    As you know, in the lead-up to the elections, the United States hosted both of the major Presidential candidates. And in that respect we were able to have a very good conversation with Dr. Tsai about her plans for her administration, about her positions on things like cross-Strait negotiations. And she reaffirmed for us that she is committed to continuing the status quo, that she understands the obligation to continue to pursue a policy that will enable cross-Strait peace and stability and that she intends to work with the authorities in Beijing to try to continue in the manner under which President Ma Ying-jeou has managed to pursue cross-Strait relations.    We also have been, of course, in touch with Chinese officials. As you noted, Secretary Kerry was there just recently meeting with the Foreign Minister and also with President Xi Jinping.    The week before that Deputy Secretary Tony Blinken was also in China meeting with his counterparts and we had a chance in those discussions also to make our very strong desire to see a continuation of cross-Strait stability but also cross-Strait exchanges continue.    We, in those exchanges, counselled restraint, creativity, flexibility in working with the new administration in Taiwan to come up with a basis upon which to continue those negotiations.    And they indicated that they were looking to see what Dr. Tsai was going to propose in that regard. So I am hopeful that they will be able to come up with such a basis for continuing these exchanges.    I think there is a will on both sides to do so.    Ms. Thornton. Thank you very much, Mr. Congressman, for that question.    And I hope that the State Department has not left you with the misimpression that we are not serious about promoting trade.    Ms. Thornton. Thank you. Having many years ago worked on auto negotiations with the South Koreans I can well appreciate where you are coming from. But turning to Taiwan, one of the--I mean, I talked a bit in my opening statement about our focus with Taiwan on expanding our economic ties. We work with Taiwan----    Ms. Thornton. Okay. I mean, the other thing that the Taiwans have been doing in recent years that we have seen is significant inbound-to-the-United-States investment, creating a lot of U.S. jobs here by building manufacturing plants, by creating ties with technology companies in California, et cetera.    But we work on expanding access--market access for U.S. exports to Taiwan through our Trade and Investment Framework Agreement with Taiwan. This is ongoing intensive dialogue that we have to try to----    Ms. Thornton. No. I mean, this is a constant ongoing problem that we're working on. We are working every year to try to break down additional barriers.    We are working on--for example, this last round in October that Deputy USTR Holleyman led in Taiwan we made some progress on IPR issues that had been posing market barriers to some U.S. exports. We made some progress on pharmaceutical market access on financial services access, so----    Ms. Thornton. Yes, thank you very much for that question.    Ms. Thornton. As I mentioned in my statement, we have sold over $14 billion worth of arms to Taiwan in this administration to date.    We are, of course, making available to Taiwan those articles that are necessary for its self-defense. So we do that in closed consultation with the Taiwanese themselves. And try to base proposals for sales and requests on things----    Ms. Thornton. Well, we don't comment actually--yeah, I mean, I can't really comment on ongoing----    Ms. Thornton. I would be happy try to address in more detail in the classified meeting but we don't generally talk about things that are under----    Ms. Thornton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I guess what I would mention with regard to the ongoing conversations in the defense area, I mean, we have more than doubled the number of sort of working level contacts that we have with Taiwan in this space.    We also have, under the Obama administration and, you know, which is coincident, of course, with the administration of Ma Ying-jeou in Taiwan we have also increased markedly the number of high-level exchanges that we've had back and forth. And on the defense sector in particular, I think I would prefer to respond to your questions in detail in the closed session.    But let me assure you that we are working with Taiwan very closely on all of the issues that you raise.    Ms. Thornton. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    We do know, of course, that Taiwan has expressed interest in joining high standards trade agreements, regional agreements in part because it is so good at enforcing and holds itself up to a high rule of law standards, also because of the concern that they have about diversification of their economy, wanting to ensure that they are integrated into the region and also that they expand their network of trading partners so they don't become overdependent on one particular trading partner, and we certainly support that objective, generally, that strategic objective that they have.    As far as sort of our working with them, what we have said is that we want to work with them to get them ready to exceed to a high standard trade and investment agreement in the future and that is what we have been doing for the Trade and Investment Framework Agreement is they have already recognized that they have certain structural changes that they need to make in order to move in that direction. And we have told them that we will be happy to help them with that first by working on some of the structural and market access barriers that they already have that are going to be an impediment to them joining these high standards trade agreements, and then further down the road helping them to prepare for that.    Ms. Thornton. Yes. So, I mean, our position has been to welcome Taiwan's interest in the TPP and, as I mentioned in response to the chairman's question, to let them know that they have a number of things that they need to do to prepare and get ready to accede to a high standards trade agreement and that we are willing to work with them on sort of moving ahead on reforms that they need to make in order to be ready and make themselves an attractive partner for other members in those high standards----    Ms. Thornton. That is not our position, correct.    Ms. Thornton. Well, there is--I mean, it is very clear in the TRA but yes, we are committed to providing defensive articles to maintain Taiwan's self defense.    Ms. Thornton. I am going to have to defer, I think, this to the closed session. I am sorry.    Ms. Thornton. There are stories in the media about things that Taiwan desires to procure from the United States but as far as----    Ms. Thornton. To my knowledge, some of these things have not been requested formally.    Ms. Thornton. So yes, my assist from the rear says that we announced in April 2001 that we were going to cooperate with Taiwan on developing a plan for diesel submarines.    Ms. Thornton. It is a long time and we've been working on it for 15 years and we're continuing to work on it today.    Ms. Thornton. I certainly agree that it's a long time but I'll just say that it is complicated and that I could go into more detail in the closed session if we ever have that opportunity.    Ms. Thornton. Yes. We support Taiwan's membership in international organizations where statehood is not a requirement for membership and we support their active participation in organizations where they do require statehood for membership.    Ms. Thornton. We support Taiwan's active participation in Interpol and we have been working on that.    Ms. Thornton. Yeah. I mean--yeah.    Ms. Thornton. Thank you. Yeah, no, no. That's an excellent comment and thank you for the question.    You know, we certainly work very closely with the Taiwan side to make sure that the capabilities that we're providing are augmenting its asymmetric and innovative security approach.    And so within that we have to look at different systems and see which things are going to make the most sense for what Taiwan needs.    It is true that the expenditures that they have to dedicate to these capabilities do, you know, have to be factored in on the Taiwan side and I'll just note that, you know, $14 billion in arms sales over the last several years is a considerable amount to absorb and to, you know, to fund through their defense budget.    Of course, Taiwan has also recently gone to an all-volunteer force, which has also expanded its personnel costs and caused it to need to do some restructuring of its budget so----    Ms. Thornton. I am not sure. But I just want to point out on that note that we have actually--you know, we have Presidential transits for the safety, dignity, comfort and security of the traveler. We had the Vice----    Ms. Thornton . Vice Premier in California earlier this year.    Ms. Thornton. That has been the policy.    Ms. Thornton. As far as I understand, he's doing well and he's still on medical parole as far as I know.    Ms. Thornton. Thank you very much for that question.    In our conversations with Dr. Tsai and with her team, it is my sense that this is an area that she is very well aware of that is inhibiting Taiwan's economic potential and that she is looking to move as a priority once she takes office to try to address.    And we have been very keen to work with her under--in the new administration, again, through our Trade and Investment Framework Agreement process which her team is well aware of and has been briefed on to try to move forward on some of the intractable market access barriers that we've seen in Taiwan and also some of these regulatory problems that do create a lot of constraints for our businesses and our potential investors.    Ms. Thornton. Yes. I can't really comment on the story about the joint patrols between the U.S. and India. As far as I am aware, there is no concrete plan in that regard.    But certainly the U.S. policy for the South China Sea is to call on all of the claimants and regional players to try to reduce tensions, to preserve freedom of navigation and overflight and to try to resolve disputes peacefully and conduct themselves in accordance with the rule of law.    And I don't--so I don't think that there's a--I mean, our presence in that part of the world has been longstanding. It's a part of our security presence in that region, which has helped maintain peace and stability in Asia for--ever since the second--end of the second World War and I think we don't see any problem with patrols or other things that are in keeping with freedom of flight and freedom of navigation.