    Chairman CHABOT. Good morning. The Committee will come to order, and I want to thank everyone for being here today.    When an entrepreneur starts a business, one of the first challenges faced is getting the money needed to produce their new product or patent a new idea. Often, an entrepreneur will reach out to friends and family for early support, and sometimes a small monetary investment.    This common phenomenon of family and friends' investment is far more common than is commonly realized. After all, we all want to see our friends and family succeed, particularly in a new business venture.    While access to capital has always been a concern for small firms, the Great Recession and some legislation, some would argue, I would, Dodd-Frank, for example, have made access to capital even more difficult.    Fortunately, there are alternative lending options to assist small businesses in getting the financing they so desperately need. Today's hearing will examine a growing trend across America, the rise of peer-to-peer or P2P lending, and what it means for small businesses.    A recent survey by the New York Federal Reserve found that while small businesses primarily still look to large conventional lenders for financing, during the first half of 2014 nearly 20 percent of entrepreneurs looked to an online lender for credit. In the United States, the P2P lender with the largest market share, Lending Club, has seen the value of its total loans funded for small businesses explode from around $850,000 in 2007 to over $22 million in 2012.    This increase in P2P lending for small businesses, if it continues, could have a tremendously positive impact on small businesses and their growth and on the American economy overall.    Today, we are fortunate to be joined by a distinguished group of witnesses who all have insight into this fast growing phenomenon. I want to thank our panel for taking time away from their jobs and making the trip to Washington for this important hearing. We look forward to your testimony.    It is often said that what keeps a great idea from becoming a great business is execution. Well, access to the funds needed to start a business plays a huge role in that success. There are people all around our country with great ideas. Hopefully today, we can examine how innovative funding models can help more Americans turn their great ideas into a reality.    I would now like to yield to the Ranking Member, Ms. Velazquez, for her opening remarks.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. We ask that Committee members, if they have opening statements, submit them for the record.    I would like to take just a moment to explain our lighting system here. You will each be given five minutes to testify. The green light will be on for four minutes, the yellow light will come on to let you know you have a minute to wrap up, and then the red light will come on. We would ask you try to adhere to those five minutes, if at all possible, we will give you a little leeway, but not a lot. We appreciate it.    I would now like to introduce our panel, and I will introduce each of you before you testify. Our first witness is Rajkamal Iyer, who is an Associate Professor of Finance at the MIT Sloan School of Management.    Professor Iyer's research focuses on the area of banking and contract theory, with a particular interest in understanding the role of inter-bank markets and the provision of liquidity. We appreciate you being here and we will get to your testimony in just a minute.    Our next witness is Sam Hodges, who is the Co-Founder and Managing Director of Funding Circle, a peer-to-peer lending platform focused exclusively on small businesses.    Mr. Hodges is responsible for overseeing the overall strategic direction and day-to-day operation of Funding Circle in the U.S., and we welcome you here as well.    Our third witness will be Zachary Green. I am very pleased to introduce Mr. Green because he happens to be from my District. He is the CEO and Founder of MN8 Foxfire in Cincinnati.    Mr. Green previously served in the United States Marines Corps and was working as a volunteer firefighter when he developed the idea for his small business, which as he will tell you in a minute, is meant to keep firefighters safe. We thank you for your service to our country and also for making the trip from the First District to be with us today.    I would now like to yield to the Ranking Member, Ms. Velazquez, for introducing her witness.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Professor Iyer, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Mr. Hodges, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Mr. Green, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much, I appreciate it. Having spent last Sunday with my wife of 41 years and my mom who is 90 and my mother-in-law who is 95, I am not going to tell them what you just said.    Chairman CHABOT. Good. We do remember it. Thank you. Mr. Renton, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Each member will have five minutes to ask questions should they choose to do so. I will begin.    Mr. Hodges and Mr. Iyer, I will begin with you two. What are the common legal and regulatory challenges associated with peer-to-peer lending?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Professor?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Mr. Green, let me turn to you next. Could you elaborate on the P2P lender that you worked with and what made you confident that was the right option.    You have a sample of your product here. I know you do because I saw it before the hearing. If you wanted to show it, I certainly would not have any objection to that.    Chairman CHABOT. So we can see what you are talking about.    Chairman CHABOT. How is that different from the one we have in the hearing room here?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Mr. Hodges, let me go back to you for a moment. Funding Circle originated in the U.K., I believe, which is seen globally as the country leading the way for peer-to-peer lending, I believe.    Could you discuss some of the differences between the two countries, if you are aware of them, as it relates to P2P lending, and where we might be able to learn from the U.K.'s approach?    Chairman CHABOT. Well, you have come to the right place for that. My time has expired. The gentlelady from New York, Ranking Member Velazquez, is recognized.    Chairman CHABOT. We will give the gentlelady an additional minute if she would like to go ahead.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady's time has expired. The gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, who is also the Vice Chairman of this Committee, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time has expired. The gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Payne, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. The gentleman from New York, Mr. Gibson, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. The gentlelady from North Carolina, Ms. Adams, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back. The gentleman from New York, Mr. Hanna, who is the Chairman of the Small Business Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce, is now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. The gentlelady from New York, Ms. Clarke, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back. I want to apologize for the mike. I think the gentlelady was correct, I do not think it was working properly. We will definitely look into it and take care of it.    I would now like to yield to the Ranking Member who has one final question.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentlelady's time has expired.    I want to thank the entire panel. You all did really a great job in testifying here. We really appreciate your time. We know you have other commitments, and you came here to help members of the Committee to better understand the entire peer-to-peer lending process, your perspective on it, and as we all know, it certainly is an alternative.    It is one of the important ways that small businesses nowadays can have access to capital, and that is a critical element in a business being successful, and as we grow small businesses, we are growing jobs in this country.    I think we all agree we need to do a better job doing that, so we can have the unemployment rate come down and have every American who wants a job have access to one. We want to thank you for your contributing to that cause.    Members have five days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    If there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. Thank you.