    Mr. Rohrabacher. I call to order this joint hearing of the European, Eurasian, Emerging Threat Subcommittee and the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations for this afternoon's hearing on issues dealing with clean water, sanitation, and the world.    And I want to thank my fellow members here before I give an opening statement on my part. Thank you both for the contributions you have made to this hearing, but also to this issue over the years. You have both demonstrated such a high level of morality and concern for fellow human beings that will, in and of themselves, those concepts and as part of your soul, will serve our country well in the long run in terms we do what is right. We do what is good for the world in these ways, and make it a better world, it is clearly going to have very positive feedback and blowback on the United States, rather than negative blowback when all we rely on is weapons and trying to get things done by sending troops in the last minute to calm a situation down. So I want to thank you both for your moral and long-term thinking.    Throughout recent hearings, the Europe and Eurasian Subcommittee has explored international water cooperation and discussed examples where water disputes between nations has led to increased tensions. And today we will be discussing water from the point of view of human security.    Access to clean water is absolutely essential to each and every human being. That is why estimates that potentially billions of people in the coming decades will be living in water-stressed areas of the world. So this is a very troubling observation and prediction. Without access to water and the implications that it holds for personal hygiene, agriculture, industry, far too many people will be forced to accept lower standards of living. As Members of Congress concerned with foreign policy, we must think how this dynamic may spark conflicts over natural resources or destabilize very fragile governments.    But this is not only a question for the future. It is a problem of today. This year, we know hundreds of thousands of children will needlessly die from diseases caused by a lack of clean water, plus many more than those hundreds of thousands, many more will die from some disease that can be traced right back to a lack of clean water.    The toll in human suffering caused by a lack of water and dirty water is great, and I am sure witnesses here can explain those stories and how great a problem and challenge that it is.    Yet, I believe the challenges of access to clean water, hygiene, and sanitization can be conquered, and we now have it within our grip, technologically and with the amount of wealth available in our societies, to actually overcome this enormous challenge. Our government through USAID has spent over $3.5 billion over the last decade on programs to do just that; not to mention the efforts of our international partners and nongovernmental organizations.    I believe that as we continue to advance technologically and continue to have innovative ideas that we put into practice, that water scarcity can be managed and mitigated. Increasing human security when it comes to water access and hygiene will not only help improve the lives of these millions of vulnerable people, if not billions of people, but also serve as the strategic interest of the United States. If increasing access to clean water at the micro level helps people in communities to be secure, it follows that their governments will be better able to find solutions to international water disputes.    So without objection, all members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional questions and extraneous material.    But before that, I would like to start off with Mr. Blumenauer or Mr. Smith. Mr. Blumenauer has sort of been our partner on this and several other significant matters.    Mr. Blumenauer, would you enlighten us with an opening statement?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Smith.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    Now we have three witnesses. I will be introducing the three of them. We will have testimony, and then we will have questions and answers for all three witnesses at the same time.    Let me suggest to the witnesses, if you can summarize in 5 minutes, that would be great and give us more time to have a bit of a dialogue on this.    We have three wonderful witnesses, as I say. John Oldfield is the CEO of WASH Advocates. And I am trying to guess, you have Water and Sanitation Health?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Hygiene.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay, there we go--WASH advocates, an organization dedicated to increasing the awareness of global WASH challenges and solutions. Previously, he founded two implementing nonprofit organizations and was with the National Academy of Sciences, where he researched science and technology policy.    And next we have from my home county Denis Bilodeau, who is the vice president of the Orange County Water District, and was elected to his fourth term in 2012. He is a licensed civil and traffic engineer, holds a bachelor degree in civil engineering from the University of California at Irvine.    And let me just note that we in Orange County are proud that we have what we believe is the most technologically sophisticated and up-to-date water system in the world. And we will let him describe that and the implications of that for these various countries that are facing a serious challenge.    Dale Wittington is a professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the Department of Environmental Science and Engineering, and City and Regional Planning. He is a member of the Technological Committee on the Global Water Partnership and has served as consultant on water and sanitation policies to the World Bank, USAID, and numerous other organizations.    So we have some very, like I say, witnesses that are very impressive with their credentials.    And may we proceed, Mr. Oldfield?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Bilodeau.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Whittington.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    We have been joined by Dan Donovan.    Do you have any opening statement that you would like to make before we go into some questions?    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right, thank you.    Just I will proceed with my time period here. First of all, about Orange County, I bring people in from all over the world. I must have in the last 10 years brought in 20 or 30 different groups of people from foreign countries to see the operation that is going down there. And it is based on, yes, two elements. One is a new technology with this membrane technology being developed to the utmost, but also it deals with the cooperation of various levels of government. And as you say, the sanitation department and the water district, I don't know if sanitation and water districts get along in other places, but from what I understand, sometimes it is hard for one department of government to talk to the other department of government, whether it is Federal, State, or local.    But just as they are doing that, we need to make sure that at the Federal level we are cooperating between the various departments and agencies that can have an impact on this issue.    And I have already drawn attention to the fact that when you have so many people who are facing a future of billions people without--or a billion people--without clean water, that is a volatile situation where people are seeing their families die, and thus undermine the security and the tranquillity of whatever area that is going on in. For all we know, and I haven't looked at it yet, but I would hope to find out about it, that some of these refugees that are pouring into Europe right now and creating an enormous chaos that Europe just has not been used to, I would say that there probably is a water connection there, and several witnesses have alluded to that.    So when our European friends talk about what can be done to help prevent that, number one, let's make sure people aren't watching their children die of some disease that wouldn't be there if they had clean water, and thus they don't feel compelled about taking their entire family and going to Europe where they think they can get clean water.    Let me ask this. Has there been an assessment? We were talking about trying to have some kind of real assessment as to how effective a program is. Is this lacking? Maybe you could go into a little more detail on that.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And one question for the panel just very quickly. We had the example of Singapore, where you have this huge number of people with a very limited amount of water, and now it is clean water and they are prospering. Is this an urban challenge or are we talking about more of a development challenge in terms of clean water? Just go down the row there.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Could you please repeat that statistic that you just gave us?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So what you have got is sanitation and clean water, again----    Mr. Rohrabacher . The importance of putting those two together.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And of course the cleaner water in the urban area, the less money has to be spent for taking care of people's health problem, and investment in the water would negate some of that cost.    Mr. Smith.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Just one thought before we go to Mr. Blumenauer. Cairo, Egypt, do we know how many times it reuses its water? I don't. In many of these countries that we are talking about, they don't reuse it at all. They just use it once and it goes into the ocean. In Orange County, California, how many times do we reuse our water and clean it and reuse it and clean it and reuse it before it goes back into the ocean?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So at least 9, 10 times we are reusing that water. We are purifying it again and then reusing it. And in countries like Egypt on the edge of a desert, this could mean everything, and especially if you end up with a war or something between someone upstream and downstream as compared to just making sure the water you are using, you reuse it over and over again.    Mr. Blumenauer.    Mr. Rohrabacher. We do plan a second and probably third hearing on this issue in which we will be covering exactly the type of areas you are suggesting.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And now we have Mr. Dan Donovan.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Don't get used to it.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And last but not least, Mr. Clawson.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I don't think all wet was what you really, wet.