    Mr. McHugh. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, distinguished Ranking Member Visclosky. And I am particularly honored to have the opportunity to appear today before the chairman of the full Committee, and I appreciate his very gracious comments. In most ways this morning, as always, it is good to be back.    I do appreciate most of all to have the opportunity to talk to all the members of this critically important subcommittee on the danger really that lies ahead that both the chairman of the full Committee and the subcommittee chairman spoke about just moments ago, that particularly we will be facing should this budget not be enacted and sequestration allowed to return.    And as, again, has been noted in several opening comments, it really is amazing how much can change in just a year. Mr. Rogers and Mr. Frelinghuysen both spoke about the challenges that have come about in very short timeframes and very close succession: renewed aggression by Russia, increased threats from North Korea, gains by radical terrorists in Iraq, Syria, and obviously Yemen, not to mention the fight against Ebola. The demand for your Army to tackle contingencies around the world have grown, in our estimation, at a truly alarming rate.    Far from being foreseeable, our requirements have been more unexpected, our enemies more unpredictable, and our ability to handle multiple simultaneous operations, as Mr. Rogers noted, has become more uncertain. And yet with such volatility and instability around the world, America's Army is faced yet again with an enemy here at home: the return of sequestration, unprepared units, unmaintained equipment, untrained soldiers.    Ladies and gentlemen, our Army, your Army, faces a dark and very dangerous future unless this Congress makes every effort to act now to end these ill-conceived and inflexible budget cuts. Moreover, and I want to be very clear here, every installation, every component, nearly every program will feel the brunt of these cuts.    Under sequestration, by 2019, we will reduce our end strength to what we believe are unconscionable levels, likely losing, in addition to the losses that have already been cited here this morning, another six BCTs and potentially a division headquarters, not to mention the very real impacts to associated enablers, contracts, facilities, and civilian personnel.    In spite of all that, I would like to share just a little of the accomplishments of America's Army this year. As Russian-backed forces rolled into Ukraine and Crimea and threatened instability, our soldiers rapidly deployed to Eastern Europe in a demonstration of U.S. commitment and resolve. From Latvia, Lithuania, to Poland and Estonia, soldiers from the 103rd Airborne and the 1st Cavalry showed the world that America would stand up with our NATO allies and respond to unbridled aggression.    In West Africa, as thousands suffered from the scourge of Ebola, your Army acted. Elements of several units, led by the 101st Airborne, provided command and control, equipment and expertise to support efforts to stop this deadly and destabilizing disease.    In response to rapid gains by ISIL, your soldiers quickly returned to Iraq to advise and assist security forces in turning the tide on this barbaric group of radical terrorists.    And in the Pacific, thousands of soldiers and civilians supported operations to strengthen our partnerships and increase our substantial presence.    Today, as we speak, the headquarters of nine active Army and two Guard divisions are committed to combatant commands, and some 143,000 soldiers are deployed, forward stationed or committed, including over 19,000 mobilized reservists. Moreover, we have done all of this while continuing to transform our formations to make them leaner, more agile, and far more lethal.    As all of you on this distinguished subcommittee know so well, extraordinary success comes at a price, for in the end, the young lieutenant leading his or her platoon, the sergeants training and mentoring their soldiers, the invaluable civilian workforce laboring countless hours to support them, and the young family waiting patiently at home are all human. The stress of war, multiple deployments, and unpredictable requirements doesn't change in the face of indiscriminate funding cuts.    Through it all, we have and will remain committed to supporting the needs of our warriors. From programs to increase resilience and improve behavioral health, to the prevention of sexual assault and the protection of victims from retaliation, we will keep faith with our soldiers. But rest assured, the return of sequestration will directly impact critical installation and family programs Armywide.    Simply put, we need the President's budget. A $126.5 billion request, as the chairman noted, is some $6 billion over the potential sequester level and it is specifically designed to preserve our modest gains in readiness over the last year and take care of your soldiers.    Moreover, this request seeks vital reforms to compensation and force structure that will ensure the funding needed to support near-term readiness and help place the Army on a predictable path to balance. From modest changes to pay and allowances to our Aviation Restructuring Initiative, our reforms are both necessary and prudent to sustain the readiness of our forces and move the Army toward eventual balance. I can't emphasize how critical these funds and reforms are to ensuring your Army has sufficiently trained and ready soldiers to protect our Nation.    I also recognize that we have a duty to prudently use the scarce resources that the American people provide. From my first day in office, I have sought and supported numerous reforms and efficiencies. From improving our procurement processes to drastically cutting our headquarters, we take stewardship very seriously.    Historically, the Army's track record on acquisition programs is too often a tale of failure: too many underperforming or cancelled programs, too few successful fieldings of developmental designs, and far too many taxpayers' dollars wasted. We know this. In this critical area, while many significant strides have been made over the last 5 years in significantly reducing bureaucracy and improving our oversight, we still have a long way to go.    Ladies and gentlemen, this is truly an historic moment. We need to stop talking and start acting. We need wisdom, not words. We need results, not rhetoric. And as I said before this subcommittee last year, we need predictability, not politics.    As we face extreme instability around the world, we must have certainty here at home. Your soldiers deserve no less. We must have an end to sequestration this year and we must have this budget.    On behalf of the nearly 1.3 million men and women of America's Army, Active, Guard, Reserve, and civilian, thank you for your continued oversight, your partnership, your leadership, and the unending support you have provided to our military for so many, many years.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. McHugh. I can start, Mr. Calvert. Well, I am not in a position to speak for the Department, Department of Defense. I would kind of prefer to focus on the Army, if I may.    I think it is important for all of us to recall much of that growth was predicated upon two principles. One, we were at war and there was a question of suitable end strength. And in the Army, we had ``Grow the Army'' effort to try to expand that end strength because of the demands in theater. And much of the responsibilities that previously were held by people in uniform we were forced to bring on either contractors and/or civilian employees to do those efforts.    The other thing also is, through a series of GAO reports, some actions by Congress, we have been required to do a number of things that substantially increased civilian numbers. For example, there is a provision in law that inherently military activities must be insourced, they can't be contracted out. In an effort to comply with that, we found ourselves bringing more civilians onboard inside the Department of Defense to comply.    We also had a reversal, really, of an earlier time when I had the honor of serving in this Congress to downsize our procurement officers, our contracting officers. GAO found that part of the problem with contract oversight is we didn't have enough civilian, in our case, overseers and we were relying too heavily on outside weapons contractors.    So that explains in large measure the growth, but it does not in any way obviate the very important points that you made.    What we are trying to do in the Army is to draw down our civilian end strength. You seem to have a better command of the departmental numbers than I do. But we have drawn in the Army since 2011 our civilian force down by some 14 percent. We have done some analysis that at our likely end strength of 450, we would have to continue to come down to about 239,000. And if we go to sequestration, that will bring our number down to about 233,000 total civilian employees.    So we have a responsibility to balance our military reductions with our civilian reductions, and we are attempting to do that, and over time I think we will get there and, again, as you rightfully noted, hopefully be afforded the opportunity to reinvest those savings in military base programs.    Mr. McHugh. I am sorry. I couldn't. I apologize.    Mr. McHugh. Well, we have a problem doing that to the depth that I know this Committee would like, because we have been barred by legislation in the 2015 NDAA to do the kind of analysis that is essentially part of a base closure round.    Mr. McHugh. It could be more.    Mr. McHugh. That is based on our last assessment of excess capacity that is pretty outdated. And given the fact that our numbers are coming down rather substantially, it is likely that that number has grown.    Mr. McHugh. Yes.    Mr. McHugh. Well, in the first instance, we obviously, as I mentioned in my opening comment, want to be the best stewards of taxpayer dollars that we possibly can. And in our estimation, in large measure that is wasted money. And it could go to support family programs, it could go to providing better care for folks who find themselves in need of a range of health care, et cetera, et cetera. But for whatever means, it is money that we are wasting supporting infrastructure that has no use now, let alone into a future in which we will probably become quite smaller.    So we agree with you that at least in the context of being responsible stewards and knowing what our circumstances are, that kind of analysis would be helpful in more ways than just base closure. It would be helpful to Committees like this who have a very important responsibility to make decisions on policy going forward.    Mr. McHugh. We are very well aware. I from having long discussions during our previous time together and having visited Fort Meade and Aberdeen, and they are important to our future.    As you noted, we are currently going through the public hearing process. We are nearing the end of that. It should be completed by the end of this month, early April. And then we have to do the analysis that is required to decide where and to what extent the cuts are going to be distributed throughout all of the Army, as I mentioned.    And back to Ms. McCollum's comments, this is another, I think, least understood aspect of no BRAC. Without a base closure so that we can at least focus a major portion of our troop cuts and our other actions, we are forced to distribute these cuts all across the entire Army inventory, at least in the United States. So we recognize the pain. The show of support through virtually all of the public hearings has been substantial. And as I said, we will probably be making announcements this summer.    Mr. McHugh. I have no doubt a lot of people are glad I am not here.    Mr. McHugh. Could I just add, Mrs. Lowey, and not all the members had returned from voting when the Chief made his opening statement, that just to put that 33 percent readiness right now in some context, our normal objective for readiness for all our combat forces is 70 percent. So you can see we have actually made some progress thanks to the help and relief the BBA provided in 2014 and 2015, but as you discussed, with the return of sequestration, those gains and probably even more loss would occur.    Mr. McHugh. Thank you.    Mr. McHugh. I do, yes. Fondly.    Mr. McHugh. I would be happy to, Mr. Israel.    The concerns are well founded, because the concerns are based upon some inescapable realities, particularly the budget numbers we are looking at. And whether it is Fort Drum or any other major Army installation, this is not the first round of cuts. We had already made fairly substantial reductions at Fort Drum and other multibridgade bases. You heard the chairman speak about losses at the 101st at Fort Campbell from a previous round of downsizing and such.    And as I told Congresswoman Stefanick during the Chief's and my appearance before the House Armed Services Committee, we find ourselves again having to go to some 34 post camps and stations where similar analyses are being done in contemplation of our drawdown to 450,000. That is our target for the moment. If sequestration returns, then the analysis that we are doing to 450,000 would have to obviously be reopened and accordingly bring us down to 420,000.    I mentioned earlier that this in part, and I don't want to ascribe it all to this, but in part is deriving out of the lack of our ability to do a base closure round, as mentioned by Ms. McCollum, and more appropriately and perhaps smartly focus our cuts where they are actually best situated.    But absent that authority and given the budgets that we are looking at just to 450,000, and that is based on the President's budget, these cuts, I am afraid, as I mentioned in my opening comments, are going to hit every post, every camp, every station, and every program.    Mr. McHugh. Just about.    Mr. McHugh. I can speak in generic terms, and we can get you whatever number of detail you would like as a followup.    Mr. McHugh. But the Army is the largest consumer of energy in the Federal Government. If you think about our platforms, think about our size, where we are asked to go and things we are asked to do, I guess that is not surprising. But it is a budget line that is dispersed throughout many different programs, so it is very, very important to us.    And to your point about costs, since 2003 in the Army we have cut our energy consumption by about 17 percent through a variety of measures. Yet our costs, with that 17 percent cut, have gone up about 45 percent, which reflects the increase of energy just writ large.    So we are doing a number of things, some because to us it makes good sense to be good neighbors, to be environmentally responsible. But we are trying to do it in ways that makes us more energy independent, off the grid, if you will, that leads to better security in case of some sort of homeland disaster or challenge. But also to save money. We have doubled our consumption of renewable energies for the second year in a row.    I also should note that we have about 380 renewable energy programs throughout the Army, and the savings we derive from those is about $13 of private sector investment for every dollar of Army money we spent. And there is a federal mandate that at the year 2020 we have a 30 percent reduction in our petroleum usage in our nontactical vehicle fleet. We have already reached that 2020 goal and we have cut our NTV petroleum usage by about 37 percent.    Mr. McHugh. Sure. Yeah.    Mr. McHugh. Well, absolutely we can provide the best numbers that we have available, and we will do that for you. I should note that the most important consideration we have right now is cost.    Mr. McHugh. And we look at that, and that overrides just about everything. But we double that and consider it also with, as I said, security, off-the-grid energy independence. So we will get those numbers to you and be happy to have any followup discussion you might desire after that.    Mr. McHugh. On the renewable projects, we have saved $13.    Mr. McHugh. Let me put it a different way. The ratio of Army versus investor money is $1 for the Army versus $13 of investment for the private investor.    Mr. McHugh. Could I--I am sorry, Mr. Crenshaw. Just so I can add, and the Chief described our posture on new tanks, but we tried to respond to the challenges at Lima because of the problems that we were concerned with, with respect to skilled workers. We accelerated that ECP program. It was originally going to be 2019, and we moved it to 2017.    And the $120 million which Congress did provide will in part, I think it can be fairly said, help us reduce the risk as we transition from the A2 program to the first ECP 1. So that was money through six pilot tanks that we utilized there, well spent. And as I said, I think it will help a smoother transition to our modernization program.    Mr. McHugh. Well, I would be happy to, Mr. Graves. I have been to that hangar.    Mr. McHugh. I have flown in and out of that Army airfield any number of times. And great soldiers, civilians doing incredibly important work.    As you noted, some of our facilities have approached museum age, and we recognize that. But in terms of our military construction programs, we try to lay out through the Future Year Defense Plan a program where we address facilities that are of the most urgent replacement or major facility modernization.    Just to use our recent budget and the challenges that we face for replacement programs like you envision at Hunter, we should really have about 40 percent more budget than we have needs right now, and under sequestration that will only become more dire. Our facilities maintenance program, frankly, is designed to be at a 90 percent standard, in other words we are supposed to be investing FSM, it is called, 90 percent of our needs. The President's budget provides about 79 percent of those needs, so we are below our historical average, and sequestration would take us to about 62 percent.    And what that means is that gap between 90 and 62 are buildings that are continuing to erode, continuing to degrade. And over the last few years, we have been getting further and further and further behind. So even if we had a sufficiently large check, it would still take us a number of years to catch up. And as we have discussed here, sufficiently large checks seem to be in somewhat short order at the moment.    Mr. McHugh. Mr. Graves, as I said, we have a Future Year Defense Plan over which we lay out the hoped-for construction schedule. Each facility commander rates his own needs, submits those, and then we do an Armywide assessment as to where the greatest needs lie.    Mr. McHugh. If I could just start, and perhaps the Chief can provide some details.    As you know, Mr. Chairman, the OCO budget request for 2016 in the President's submission for the Army is $20 billion. That generally will go to support our overseas operational programs, including Afghanistan. And whether or not this week's announcement by the President, after discussions with Afghan President Ghani, to sustain our force structure through the end of this year at 9,800 affects the OCO overall will have to be the subject of further analysis.    I say our overseas operations are in the main the driver of those costs because, as we have discussed before this subcommittee in the past, a critical part of OCO is our reset initiative, that is, bringing out equipment that we feel is reusable and putting it through our depots, modernizing it, repairing battle damage and such, and returning it to the troops. Right now we have over $4 billion of equipment in Afghanistan as an Army that we intend and look forward to returning.    So we think OCO, even beyond the period of conflict we are looking at, whenever that might be, is going to require we have OCO for reset purposes for an additional 2 to 3 years.    Mr. McHugh. Could I add, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. McHugh. I am not sure I would associate myself with the phrase slush fund, but I understand the point.    Mr. McHugh. No, no. I wasn't----    Mr. McHugh. I was not accusing, Mr. Chairman.    General Odierno. And the only other point I would make is the ERI is also very important to us.    Mr. McHugh. Mr. Chairman, the point I was going to make after my disassociation with slush fund is we do have about $6 billion in OCO dollars that should be in our base.    Mr. McHugh. True. It is down from about $11 billion when I came over to the Pentagon as Secretary. So that is not a slush fund, but it is a challenge, and it is something that as we go forward in discussions of this and future budgets we have to be mindful of.    Mr. McHugh. If I could add, Mr. Visclosky.    Mr. McHugh. There has been some discussion that our examination and attempt to establish what we call MOS-specific physical requirements is intended to lower standards to facilitate bringing women into certain jobs, and that is simply not the case.    The words the Chief used, posture soldiers for success, is really the bedrock principle of what we are attempting to put into place. And, indeed, we are told, and it is an estimate at this time, we will see how it does or does not bear out, that after we do establish these MOS-specific, job-specific standards, about 10 percent of the men who are currently in those MOS's probably will have to think about being reclassified, because they are unlikely to meet those standards.    So it is about success, it is about preparing every soldier to take on the challenges of life in the military into areas where he or she is best suited.    General Odierno. And the other thing would be is with this force management aspect, what the Secretary just talked about, what we don't want to do is create more unreadiness. And so we have got to manage this properly, and that is part of what we are looking at as we go through this.    Mr. McHugh. Fourth quarter.    Mr. McHugh. In theory, it would be late into 2015, but I don't want to give you a data point that is incorrect. So with your permission, we will get the acquisition objective timeline out for you.    General Odierno. Low-rate initial production would begin in the fourth quarter of 2015.    Mr. McHugh. If I may, Mr. Womack, very quickly. The other challenge that is encountered, not just in uparmored HMMWVs, but in other combat platforms that need modernization, is size, weight, and power. We have put so much weight through armor onto the HMMWV that, as the Chief said, its mobility has been severely challenged. And it just does not have the capacity and power expansion to take on our new networking systems, to take on all of the new gear that is essential for the modern and future battlefield.    Mr. McHugh. Just to note, because the numbers seem large, and they are at 49,900, but that is only going to replace about a third of our HMMWV fleet. So we will still have the need and the use for a lot of HMMWVs. And really our rebalance, as the Chief noted, as we are integrating JLTVs is make sure the Guard and Reserve has an equitable reception on our more modern HMMWVs.    So it is a very comprehensive JLTV-HMMWV rebalance that we will be working through. And the rebalance of the HMMWVs isn't expected to be completed until 2041. So there is some time.    Mr. McHugh. Well, the short answer, Ms. McCollum, is we can use OCO in the ways in which Congress allows us to. Traditionally, base readiness, basic readiness, unless you are preparing to deploy to a theater, would not be a traditional use, but it would be the prerogative of Congress, from my knowledge, to change that.    It is, I think, important for us, me, to note that we support this President's budget, and we do so because it does provide, as you noted, the very important aspect of stability. And while more money, however it may arrive, is generally better than no money added, it is important, we think, to focus on an effort on a base budget so that we can have predictability, not just for our soldiers, but really for our industrial partners, who have told us time and time again how challenging it is for them to supply us with product at reasonable price when they don't know what our buying power and what our programs will be into the future.    General Odierno. If I could just add. We all prefer a base budget based on the budget we have submitted because, first, it is more likely to ensure multiyear funding, which allows us to do proper planning and long-term planning, where OCO funding is year to year. And so we are not sure what it will be from one year to the next.    So although OCO is a solution, and I am not going to turn down the money that we get, because it will be much needed to increase our readiness, we would much, much rather have it in base budget, because that allows us to do many more things with it and I think allows us to build a program that will build readiness over time. And with OCO, it is year to year, and we are not sure what we will get from one year to the next.    Mr. McHugh. We should also mention the 42 cyber teams that Chief cited are in the active component. This is a whole-of-Army effort. Indeed, the National Guard is in the process of setting up 11 cyber protection teams, the Reserves will set up 10. Obviously, particularly in the Guard where they have a very significant homeland defense aspect, that will be particularly helpful and important, and it makes good sense it seems to me to have us go to these soldiers who, in their civilian jobs, often have cyber-related employment, and bring to it an expertise beyond the training that we provide that makes them very unique, very skilled. So a whole-of-Army event. And as the Chief mentioned, we are making pretty good progress. But the vulnerability is not just from a military perspective, but from the Nation as a whole here are significant.    Mr. McHugh. Thank you.