    Mr. Brat. Yeah, I was a professor for the last 18 years before I got this new job and so I would just kind of like to go down the line. I was very interested in some of the education comments and what the kids are actually getting when they are done at the end of the road from everybody. There is a lot of talk on the money. Our chairman showed some of the inflation statistics, et cetera. We are investing $12,000, $13,000, $14,000 per kid for 13 years right now, currently.    I was just in a jail 2 days ago with heroin addicts, 40, and they were all telling me what they want in terms of education and it was shocking. They want a moral component. They said, ``No counselor ever spent any time with me as a person.'' They said, ``Everybody is talking about tests and isosceles triangles and whatever, and no one gave me any hope as a human being. What am I aiming at? What is my career? What is morally good? What is a good life?'' And, so I am just curious on your comments.    I follow--Deirdre McCloskey is one of my economists here. She has got a six-volume set that shows that modern economic growth began in about 1700. Why then, when all human history made $500 bucks a year? She said that, ``That is when moral language changed such that we started calling the businessman and businesswoman morally good.''    And so, I am just curious on if you have got any comments. Just real quickly going down at the end of K through 12, kids do not know what a business is, right? I mean, I taught freshman in college. They do not know what a revenue is from a cost from a price from a whatever. And a lot of them will not go to college and they are stuck.    So, first of all, the business aspect, are we teaching is business morally good or morally bad? Are we aiming our kids at something they think is morally bad? And then the moral component. Any comments you have? Just 30 seconds each or a minute each would be great. Yes, Dr. Pinto.    Mr. Brat. Good. Dr. Smith.    Mr. Brat. Right, and thank you. And doctor, 30 seconds and 30 seconds. Sorry to be so quick.    Mr. Brat. Thank you.    Mr. Brat. You believe in equity. Let's do it. Here we do, doctor.    Mr. Brat. Sorry for the 30 seconders.