    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you.    Dr. Harris, cybersecurity, it is a problem. It has been rated with an F. It is one of the biggest challenges we have before our government. It is a huge responsibility to address it. And as the chairman pointed out, you had $230,000 in bonuses. I understand you are paid $183,000 a year for being a CIO, is that correct?    Mrs. Maloney. And also you are a consultant to the Department of Education for the city of Detroit. Is that correct?    Mrs. Maloney. How much were you paid those years when you were there?    Mrs. Maloney. Approximately $5,000. And then also you teach at Howard University?    Mrs. Maloney. And how much are you paid for that?    Mrs. Maloney. Fifteen thousand. And then on top of that, you have, I think, three other jobs I have heard today. You have got your car business with 40 employees, is that correct?    Mrs. Maloney. Do you have a car business?    Mrs. Maloney. Do you make money off of it?    Mrs. Maloney. And then ----    Mrs. Maloney. Then you have another hobby where you are putting equipment in people's homes and are compensated for that, too ----    Mrs. Maloney. Well, you are a very, very busy man. I can understand why there are problems at the cybersecurity and Education Department when you have so many other outside jobs.    Anyway, on this situation with your friend, what was the contract for, the E Source contract, and how much was it for? You are the contract manager. Do you know what the contract was? Was it $10 or $1 million?    Mrs. Maloney. All of them, the one in 2004 and the other two.    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. How much was that one for?    Mrs. Maloney. Can you find out and get back to the committee?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. What were the other two for?    Mrs. Maloney. Project support?    Mr. Harris.--the information on that.    Mrs. Maloney. Now, why did this have to be a sole-source contract? That seems like a business that a lot of people could be in. I could even go in and get some project support. Why was that a sole-source contract?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. Can you get back to me in writing ----    Mrs. Maloney. I think the contract approach for an agency that is rated the most mismanaged, that probably has the most important goal and responsibility of any agency in our government is education and building our workforce and helping our young people become good citizens. It is an incredibly important agency. And I think maybe you are spending too much time in meetings.    I think all these contracts should not be sole source. They should go to the lowest-qualified bidder. It would be cheaper to administrate and it would cut out any threat or all these ethics meetings on whether or not there is a conflict of interest. Do you agree that a sole-source contract would work, Dr. Harris?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. Ms. Bruce, do you think a sole-source contract to a qualified bidder--you have to have a panel, make sure they are qualified, that they can do the work, that they have a work history, that they are paying their taxes as good citizens, lowest-qualified bidder. Something like the support service, do you think that could have been a sole-source contract or should it be a sole-source contract or competitively bid?    Mrs. Maloney. Yes. I don't understand that. And I think we should change the law, that you go to the lowest-qualified bidder. And if you go to a sole source, have to write out in detail why you need a sole source.    I would just like to respond to Mr. King. I think the point that the chairman was trying to make is that when you head an agency, everyone looks at you. You are the leader. And you are sending messages to employees of how to act. And when someone violates a regulation or a law, then it tells everybody else they can violate the same one and go to counseling and it is okay.    So I think that is the point he was trying to make, that if we have rules and laws, they are supposed to be followed. That is why they are there. And if you are going to change it--most people think you have a rule or law, you follow it. Basically, what is happening under your leadership is you have a rule or law, you can violate it, just go to counseling and it is okay. Is that an appropriate description of what is happening?    Mrs. Maloney. But there is a law ----    Mr. King.--his conduct ----    Mrs. Maloney. There is a law that if you have outside income, you report it, and they didn't report the outside income. That, in my opinion, is a violation of law.    Mrs. Maloney. But I think we should change that, too, and we should say that a law is a law, and that a hobby is also covered. Maybe we need to clarify it for your counsel.