    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary. Thanks for being here.    Mr. Guthrie. And I know it has been mentioned a couple of times, us working together on sections of this proposed rule. And that was just a great process.    I want to reiterate, I think I talked about it before when we were in a public hearing, but I mentioned something in a hearing such as this, you said let's get together and talk about it and followed through. And I think that it was a healthy change to the proposed rule and we appreciate you doing that very much so.    The one thing I just want to talk about is the President had a proposal. The myRAs, myRAs, and so there is a difference in myRAs and IRAs, IRAs. And I know it is Treasury so it isn't in your area, but just how your rule treats, does it treat these differently?    And I will just start by asking, and I will do this. There is a December 2014 letter from the Department of Treasury that exempts the myRA program from ERISA's fiduciary obligations. And the letter states that the exemption is granted for employers, in part, because, and I will quote: ``some employers may also want to hold employee meetings to explain the myRA program and encourage eligible employees to participate. Others may want to answer employees' inquiries about the myRA program or refer them to Treasury's financial agent.''    And so this description does sound a lot like the advice in many similar circumstances that workers in my district rely upon. And since the letter acknowledges that workers need to get information and begin saving and then exempts myRAs for fiduciary liability, why are myRAs different from IRAs? And is that in your area that you have looked at?    Mr. Guthrie. But in your proposed rule, do you treat the myRAs different from IRAs in your proposal?    Mr. Guthrie. So you don't have the fiduciary--    Mr. Guthrie. And the reason they are different, the reason you treat the myRAs and IRAs differently?    Mr. Guthrie. You know, and I think it is because the myRA--I guess where the Treasury Department seems to look at it is the myRA is a government-run thing so the government agent wouldn't be a bad actor or a physical agent.    Mr. Guthrie. I assume that is where they are coming from.    Mr. Guthrie. Okay. So if an employer--well, you wouldn't really hit the employer in this. But if an employer is making a presentation to employees and said here is myRAs, here is IRAs, I mean, how is that handled in the proposed rule?    Mr. Guthrie. Yes.    Secretary Perez.--and you are making a presentation, you aren't a fiduciary because you aren't the one--and I think it was Congressman Pocan who said, you know, I am a good cook, but I am not, you know, this is not my bailiwick.    So employers can provide those seminars and provide that advice. And they wouldn't fall within the rule because, again, they aren't the ones who are--    Mr. Guthrie. Selling the product.    Mr. Guthrie. Okay. I guess my confusion is that the Treasury Department treats employers and says employers wouldn't be fiduciaries. So it seems maybe, and it is probably different than your section, so it is probably--I think we have answered where I need to go with that.    But again, appreciate the work that you have done on that and done with me and different members of the committee and people you have talked to, and I think it has been an open process.    I know there are some questions and more information will flow, but I will tell you I had a good experience working with you and I really appreciate it.    Mr. Guthrie. Thanks.