    Mr. Hanna. Thank you. As a pilot and someone who represents Griffiss Air Force Base, one of the six sites selected, I would suggest that there is more unanimity amongst you today than I have heard in a long time.    One of the problems is that we are probably a severe accident away from a public cry over why haven't we done something. Whereas, as Mr. Mica kind of implied, or said directly, Mr. Whitaker is off schedule, to be polite. And I would suggest there is urgency to this, as you know.    Mr. Canoll, you would have to agree that we are one accident away, I imagine, from something that people can't imagine that would create havoc, and be a rush to judgment about a whole lot of things that would affect Mr. Hanson's people. I have an 8-year-old son who owns three of these. If I bought him four more tomorrow, they would be wrecked by tomorrow night. They don't survive well, they are small.    But--and I don't see--I would say the Notice to Airmen is really--give the assumption that people have perfect information, that people call, investigate, do their homework. And I know, as a pilot, people do not.    I just--I wanted to ask you, Mr. Canoll, it is my kind of unconsidered opinion that these things do not belong near airports. And to that end, Mr. Hanson and Mr. Canoll, what kind of--and you have talked a lot about this in your statement, Mr. Canoll--is what kind of training do you think is appropriate that would--for the people that are flying these larger ones, or any one, if you will, that you would like to see?    Mr. Hanna. What do you think about that, Mr. Hanson? I mean would you rather just stay out of airspace, pick a distance for different A, B, C, or whatever--you are not going to be in A airspace, but C or B airspace--do you accept what Mr. Canoll said, that you don't have--you should be in--you should have commercial training, or training as if a pilot, to fly in airspace that may have low ground levels near an airport?    Mr. Hanna. But you have to admit that there is a lot more likelihood if you are on an airport than if you are not.    Mr. Hanna. Let me ask you this, though. Why is it important that you operate in the same airspace that would be an airport? Why does that--what drives you to think that? I am not saying you don't have a right to that, I am just curious why that is important.    Mr. Hanna. I have seen many of them, yes.    Mr. Hanna. So then, implying from that, you might--that would suggest to me that there are places where you would say you shouldn't be--maybe C and B space to the ground--and places where you could, where it is just general space in a grass strip in the middle of Cooperstown, New York, where I happen to fly out of once in a while.    Mr. Hanna. Yes, yes.    Mr. Hanna. I guess what I am suggesting is that you have a lot in common here. And, rather than fight for something that is not reasonable, you may want to think about what is really important to the people who operate these things for agriculture and recreation at the types of airports that you just described.    Thank you, my time has expired.