    Mr. Avalos. Mr. Chairman and distinguished Members of this Committee, I am pleased to appear before you to discuss activities of U.S. Department of Agriculture Marketing and Regulatory Programs mission area, which includes the Agricultural Marketing Service, AMS, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, APHIS, and the Grain Inspection, Packers and Stockyards Administration, GIPSA.    With me today are Mr. Kevin Shea, Administrator for APHIS; Ms. Anne Alonzo, Administrator for AMS; and Mr. Larry Mitchell, Administrator for GIPSA.    Agriculture is an engine of growth and prosperity, directly or indirectly supporting 16 million jobs. MRP programs contribute significantly to the success and development of domestic and international markets in a variety of ways. Each of our agencies has unique responsibilities that are crucial to this work. Today, my colleagues and I are here to discuss some of these responsibilities and how we contribute to the success and profitability of American agriculture.    APHIS' primary mission is to safeguard health and value of U.S. agriculture and other plant and animal resources. The agency's programs protect U.S. livestock, poultry, and specialty crops which are worth more than $191 billion. Also, they assure well-being of animals covered under the Animal Welfare Act. APHIS employees come to work every day across the country and around the world to serve the diverse array of customers and stakeholders and respond to challenges and threats as they arise, such as avian influenza. These customers include ranchers, farmers, poultry producers, licensed animal dealers, importers, exporters, and many, many others.    While APHIS is engaged in this crucial work, the agency is also doing so much more with less. We have lost over $400 million in appropriations over the last 4 years.    One area where APHIS has made significant strides is with its biotech petition review process. In recent years, this process has taken more than 3 years for review, and preparation of evaluations necessary to make the decisions. Such delays added to a growing backlog of petitions. To address this situation, APHIS undertook a business process improvement review, which allowed APHIS to eliminate the backlog and to cut review times down to about 18 months. And in the near future when the process is fully implemented, the review time will be down to around 15 months.    USDA and APHIS have been confronting the largest animal health emergency in this country's history. APHIS is dealing with an unprecedented outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza, taking a heavy toll on the poultry industry. Mr. Chairman and Members of this Committee, I can assure you, however, that this disease has USDA's fullest attention and we are committed to standing with our producers, poultry industry, and the rural communities to get them back on their feet.    In Fiscal Year 2014, APHIS requested and received funding from Congress to initiate the National Feral Swine Damage Management program. These animals cause damage estimated at $1.5 billion every year and pose risks to agriculture, natural resources, property, animal health, human health and safety. APHIS is working to remove animals in 41 states, and together with our partners, APHIS established state-level management control plans that outline our management goals and objectives with regard to feral swine in each state. Depending on local conditions, these range from total elimination of feral swine populations to management of individual populations.    We also appreciate Congress' support of the Huanglongbing, HLB, Multi-Agency Coordination group. With support from Congress, the HLB MAC has been able to approve $20 million in projects to put practical tools to work in the field now while longer-term solutions are being developed. MAC is working very hard in support of the citrus industry to fund near-term practical tools and solutions for the industry to use in combating citrus greening.    APHIS has made significant progress in addressing a variety of other plant pests, including our successful work with the State of California to address and to keep the European grapevine moth from maintaining a foothold.    I am also proud of the work that APHIS has done towards eradicating the boll weevils from the United States. Through the agency's work with state partners, the cotton industry and our counterparts in Mexico, APHIS has worked to eradicate boll weevils from over 99 percent of the 16 million acres of U.S. cotton.    APHIS also used funding provided by the 2014 Farm Bill to continue to enhance plant health through two important programs--the Plant Pest and Disease Management and Disaster Prevention program and the National Clean Plant Network program. Since 2009, APHIS has funded more than 1,800 projects in 50 states and two U.S. territories.    The ability to export is key to the growth, profitability, and continued success for our U.S. farmers, ranchers, and related agricultural businesses. For some crops, 50 percent or more of our production is exported, including 80 percent of U.S. cotton, 70 percent of tree nuts, 50 percent of wheat, and 50 percent of rice. Agricultural exports were a record $152 billion last year, and have climbed more than 58 percent in value since 2009.    Last year, APHIS, in cooperation with other agencies, successfully negotiated and resolved a total of 170 sanitary and phytosanitary trade-related issues involving U.S. agricultural exports, with an estimated value of $2.5 billion. APHIS also successfully intervened in 273 situations where U.S. cargo was being held up in foreign ports of entry, which prevented and rejected shipments worth more than $49 million.    The mission of AMS is to facilitate the efficient, fair marketing of U.S. agricultural products, including food, fiber, and specialty crops. AMS administers programs that create domestic and international marketing opportunities for U.S. producers. AMS also provides the agriculture industry with valuable services to ensure the quality and availability of wholesome food for consumers across the country.    AMS carries a wide range of programs under the authorization of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, as well as over 50 other statutes. More than \1/2\ of the funds needed to finance AMS activities are derived from voluntary user fees. AMS also provides services for private industry and state and Federal agencies on a reimbursable basis. In addition, AMS conducts several appropriated program activities through cooperative agreements with State Departments of Agriculture and other agencies.    AMS employees work every day to support the country's diverse agricultural operations. The agency's workforce includes marketing specialists, commodity graders, economists, Market News reporters, scientists, and analysts who support the marketing of American agricultural products and work in industry-specific processing plants, terminal and shipping point markets, production facilities, and office environments. AMS provides services and awards millions of dollars in annual grant investments that create opportunities by supporting economic development in small towns and rural communities across the United States.    Much of the agency's support for agriculture is provided through commodity-specific efforts, such as its dairy; food and vegetable; livestock, poultry and seed; and cotton and tobacco programs. AMS also oversees the National Organic Program; Science and Technology Program; and the Transportation and Marketing Program. Further, AMS provides oversight for 20 research and promotion programs.    I would like to provide a few examples of how AMS activities touch and benefit U.S. agricultural producers and consumers. One of the most widely used programs is Market News. This year marks the 100 year anniversary for AMS Market News, which provides agricultural stakeholders with information they need to evaluate market conditions and trends, to make marketing decisions, and to assess movement of products across the nation and across the world.    Another key AMS activity is purchasing nonprice supported commodities, such as meats, fish, fruits, vegetables, poultry, and egg products in order to stabilize market conditions pursuant to Section 32 and in support of nutrition assistance programs within USDA.    The AMS grant programs also play an important role in facilitating marketing, assisting states in exploring new market opportunities for U.S. food and agricultural products both locally and internationally.    The Chairman. Mr. Avalos, you are a little past the 5 minute mark. Do you want to go ahead and finish up?    Mr. Avalos. Well, okay, Mr. Chairman. This was turned in, I guess the Members will read it?    The Chairman. The written report, your written comments, will be in the record, of course. Any last couple thoughts?    Mr. Avalos. Mr. Chairman, let me just say this: I want to thank you and the Committee for an invitation to be here. We stand ready to answer any questions you might have on the MRP mission area.    Mr. Avalos. Mr. Chairman, most of the cuts that were made to my mission area were at APHIS. And what we did was to look for ways to do as much work, in many cases, more work, with less money; and we looked for efficiencies, and Administrator Shea and his team did a really good job in finding ways to be more efficient and do the same job, in many cases more work with less money.    So I am going to ask Administrator Kevin Shea to expand on my response.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, I am very much aware of the proposal, the request for marketing order from California. There is another marketing order that we are working on at this time, that is a U.S. Pecan Marketing Order. We received a proposal last month. So anyway, marketing orders are still ongoing, two marketing orders in progress right now to create a marketing order. As far as implications from the Horne case, I am going to ask our Administrator Alonzo to answer your question.    Mr. Avalos. We can do it today.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, being from New Mexico, also a major pecan-producing state, and having so many friends in the pecan industry, not only New Mexico, but in Texas, and now, I have quite a few friends in your State of Georgia, it is absolutely amazing that we took these growers, who at one time actually didn't get along, seeing them work together, seeing them work towards a marketing order for the benefit of the U.S. pecan industry, not for Georgia, not for New Mexico, not for Texas, but for the U.S. pecan industry, is absolutely incredible.    So anyway, three hearings were held, one in New Mexico, one in Texas, and one in Georgia. Tremendous attendance; received tremendous input from the industry. So now we are in the assessment stage, and I am not sure what the next steps are exactly, but I am going to ask Administrator Anne Alonzo to expand, but I just wanted to emphasize that if this marketing order, if it is voted on and goes through, will be a landmark accomplishment for the pecan industry, and it is all about obtaining market share and staying on top of the nut industry in the world.    So I will turn it over to Ms. Alonzo.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, we actually have quite a bit of cooperation working together with our stakeholders throughout the country. For example, at APHIS, vet services, we have cooperative agreements for most of our diseases, for different pests, with the states, animal disease traceability. We implemented a national program where we have complete cooperation nationwide with the states, and a lot of the funding that the states receive, they received from USDA.    So some of this is already ongoing. I understand what you are saying absolutely because I know that state budgets are tight, and when a major outbreak like, in this case, high-path avian influenza; in other cases we had Asian long-horned beetle; we had European grapevine moth, and we can go on and on. So we do look for ways to be more efficient, look for ways to work with our stakeholders across the country.    Another example, we mentioned the feral swine program. We received money from Congress, Federal money, but it is not 100 percent Federal program. Every state is a stakeholder, and every state puts money into this, and the private-sector puts money into this, so some of this is ongoing.    Mr. Avalos. Congressman, that question has come up before in conversation, and I do not have an answer for you but Administrator Shea can explain the process to you.