    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank all of you for being here today. It is a great subject to discuss here. I have lots of questions.    Just a minute ago, Mr. Iyer, you made the comment about bidding by the investors. Do these investors say we have to have X amount of percent return on our investments or do they take what you give? How does this work?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Hodges, you are in the business. Do your investors bid?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. What is the actual return your investor gets for investing money with you?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I think you said you have $1 billion you are trying to put out or you have had out, this last year. What is the percentage of loss you have on that?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. How easy is it for the investor to divest themselves of this loan or security that they purchase through you? In other words, let's say I invest $100,000 with you, but two years from now I want my money back or I think the company that I have invested with is going south and I want to get out, how easy is it for me to divest myself of that investment?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Once I invest with you, I am locked in pretty well?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Do you have a particular industry that you specialize in and provide funds for or do you do across all industries?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Iyer, you talked about soft information. Can you explain what soft information is?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. They have an algorithm put together that they can figure this out.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I have seen this before. This is very interesting stuff. Mr. Renton, a quick question for you. There have been a couple of comments about needing some government intervention here, and I always kind of cringe, it is like be careful what you wish for here.    Have there been any abuses that you have seen in the marketplace with the different peer-to-peer lending groups or people who accumulate money, the crowdfunding? Is there something there we need to be watchful for, that we really need to take a look at, the rules we have in place, are they sufficient right now?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. At this point, you really do not need to have a lot of government intervention, the system is actually policing itself well enough?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I see my time is up. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank all of you for being here today.