    Mr. Newman. Good morning, Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify here today.    My name is K.T. Newman, and I have been working for or in small and rural community water systems in the Mississippi Delta for nearly 20 years. I first started out as a small city water manager in my hometown of Vaiden, Mississippi, which has about 1,000 homes. I then worked for the Mississippi Rural Water Association as a circuit rider for 10 years. In this capacity, I visited every one of the Delta's approximately 500 small communities to help them with their water and sewer problems. Currently, I am working for about two dozen small Delta communities assisting them with their water and sewer utilities.    I am honored to be accompanied here today by the mayor of one of these small towns, Mayor Everette Hill from Como, Mississippi. The town of Como has a population of approximately 1,200 persons. The mayor's challenges are compounded by the fact that as a small-town mayor he has a full-time job as a truck driver and has to handle much of the city's issues on his free time. His community has little professional staff because they simply can't afford it.    In Como, the wastewater system is failing because of its age and inability to meet its current EPA treatment. The cost to update Como's sewer system to be compliant is approximately $2 million. The Como drinking water system needs an additional $1 million in upgrades. The town was recently fined by the Department of Environmental Quality for failure to comply with their wastewater discharge permit. Currently, the Como wastewater treatment facility is actually discharging only partially treated wastewater due to failure of the current treatment works.    Como is just like thousands of other small communities in the Delta and the other States. They need a grant-rich infrastructure program like the USDA's rural development program, and they need access to someone they can trust for technical advice, on-site assistance, and help with managing the funding application process.    Mississippi has 1,234 regulated public water systems. Only two serve populations over 50,000 persons, and only 59 serve populations over 10,000 persons. More training needs to be provided to small town mayors like Mayor Hill so that multimillion-dollar upgrades that will most certainly tax the ratepayers of these communities can be more readily understood and communicated to these residents who will ultimately be responsible for bearing the financial burden.    Recently, many of the small communities in the Delta have received violations for a relatively new EPA regulation referred to as the disinfections byproduct rule. These byproductsare a result of disinfecting their water to make it safe to drink. If these small communities limit or reduce the disinfective levels of the water, they will most certainly comply with this EPA regulation, but the water may no longer be safe to drink. Once the disinfection byproduct rule is violated, many small communities are forced to spend limited resources to report these violations to the consumers.    In the town of Shaw, population 1,900 persons, the community was under a boil water order for over 6 months because of a broken chlorinator needed to disinfect the drinking water. The local schools had to buy bottled water for 6 months. After they called the Mississippi Rural Water Association's circuit rider, Tom Abernathy, they were able to come up with a plan to pay for a new chlorinator, revise the town's billing program--able to come up with a plan to pay for a new chlorinator, revise the town's billing program to accurately assess the water used by citizens, and receive the payments, train the new mayor and town council, get the town's credit stable and secure some emergency State Revolving Fund financing.    In closing, whenever a small community is facing a compliance issue, the complication of a new EPA rule, a line break that they can't find that is causing people to lose water service, an emergency from a storm or power loss, we all call the circuit riders to tell us what it means and what to do. They have developed a trust relationship with small communities in their State that know how to fix things and are willing to come to your town day, night, or weekend.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify here today. Mayor Hill and I are available for questions. Thank you.    Mr. Newman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In my experience, one of the issues with the SRF as compared to the rural development has been the paperwork is considered to be cumbersome, and the added administrative cost in applying often nullifies the low interest which in turn makes the SRF an option of last resort, which I don't believe was the intended purpose.    Mr. Newman. In my experience, technical assistance is absolutely essential in complying with the various rules and regulations of the EPA, particularly because many of these rules are often complex and require innovative approaches. So the training and technical assistance that is provided, for example, by our State rural water associations is indeed an essential component of compliance.    Mr. Newman. Yes, sir. The relationships that have been established over the years between the rural water associations and the utility managers, the certified water operators, mayors, and small town council has been well established over many years. Prime example, just last evening a small community in Mississippi, their water well was down due to snow and it lost power for a significant period of time, and the mayor--of course, customers were calling. It was developing into quite a situation.    The mayor contacted me, and I immediately contacted the Mississippi Rural Water Association, and they in turn immediately began locating a generator for that town, and, thankfully, were able to get that generator delivered to resolve that situation.    So, in essence, the experience is if you have got a problem and you don't know what to do, then you call the Mississippi Rural Water Association, and they are there every time to provide the needed assistance.    Mr. Newman. Yes, sir.    Mr. Newman. Yes, sir.    Mr. Newman. Absolutely. Yes.    I would also like to add that in addition to raising the funding to cover more communities, take a look at the process and make sure that the money is being utilized by the communities that it was intended to be beneficial for.    Mr. Newman. I am not so sure about the process of the authorization of the law as I am concerned about just the implementation of the funds and those things that discourage the smaller communities, you know, in Mississippi that I am familiar with from pursuing those funds because these funds were intended to benefit these small communities, and there is a gap, and I think that we all need to just figure out how to bridge that gap.    Mr. Newman. In Mississippi, and Mr. Selman can elaborate on this or correct me if I am wrong, but I believe in Mississippi that our State regulations are exactly the same as the Federal guidelines, being no more or no less stringent than the language in the Federal act.    Mr. Newman. Well, to reiterate the comments that I have made, as well as Mr. Stewart, from the perspective of the water system manager, then the resources, the assistance is invaluable because there are very varied issues that occur across a water system or a wastewater system that may be beyond the scope of that particular utility and beyond the financial capabilities. So utilizing the services of the Rural Water Association is absolutely essential.    Mr. Newman. The annual operating budget in the town of Como is approximately 150,000 annually.    Mr. Newman. Per capita, about 21,000.    Mr. Newman. It is a realistic possibility from a standpoint of operation and maintenance, but not from the standpoint of addressing----    Mr. Newman. That is correct, yes.    Mr. Newman. No.    Mr. Newman. Sure.    Mr. Newman. By and large the primary source is rural development primarily because of the grant component. Other options, as we have discussed, include State Revolving Fund, even commercial lending.    However, as is the case with SRF, commercial lending is 100 percent loan and the interest rates on the commercial loan is typically going to be higher than the SRF.    But at either case, because of the low economies of scale, a community like Como can't afford to borrow the money necessary to make these improvements. They just don't have enough customers over which to spread the cost.    Mr. Newman. Well, and I will allow these gentlemen to elaborate. But one of the issues--and, I think, we touched on it as well--you have got more help in applying with RUS as opposed to SRF. The cost of applying for SRF, you may have to utilize services from a consultant which adds to the cost and that is typically not the case with the rural development process.