    Mr. ASHFORD. Thank you. And I am not sure who to direct this question to exactly, but maybe to Ms. Golden. Back in Nebraska, I served as an executive director of the Omaha Housing Authority, and one of the--for 3 years. And one of the real tragedies of that appearance was that halfway through my tenure there, the self-sufficiency program at the Housing Authority--at HUD was defunded.    So essentially, what the rule was, is look at, you are a housing agency, you are not an employment agency. You are not a workforce agency. And actually, in Nebraska, we passed welfare reform. It was my bill. It was 1994, one of the early welfare reform bills prior to 1996. And in that bill, we--and as a result of it, we have reduced, as has been the case generally, reduced welfare rules. I thought Chairman Ryan was absolutely correct when he said, I don't know how we structure all of these things, but when we look at--the numbers we are seeing today are the same numbers--not the same numbers, but the same kinds of percentages to a certain degree that I have been seeing since 1986, as long as I have been in public life.    And it is frustrating because it seems to me that the issue and the 80 programs are out there, and there are still a lot of people in poverty. And, clearly, and I will shut up here, clearly, running the Housing Authority, I learned the cliff is dramatic. It is absolutely dramatic. And there are so many young families that stayed in the Housing Authority generationally also, not because they didn't want to work or be part of the workforce, but because they could not get out.    And so I am on the side of anything that will enhance workforce. I also notice in CNBC this morning, they listed the States that were the most viable economic States in the country, and one of the States that had moved up dramatically to number 1, actually, was Minnesota, because of the indicia being workforce investment.    So I guess my question is, no matter how we structure TANF or how we structure food stamps, if we don't figure out a way--the first job is not a job that will make it for these families. So we have got to enhance incomes as fast as possible, and that can only come from job training, and I don't--could you respond to that?    This is the most frustrating issue in my whole professional life I have ever been involved in, because it is not working the way it should be right now.    Mr. ASHFORD. No. I am not. I am just--I am leaning forward. I am sorry.