    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for giving me an opportunity just to sit in. I have another hearing. I appreciate it very much. Thanks for holding the hearing to you and Ranking Member Bass and thanks for your leadership on this and so many other human rights issues.    I appreciate the witnesses being here today, for offering their testimony. It is very helpful for Members of Congress to hear how the growth of anti-Semitism in recent years is viewed from a European perspective.    I will just make a couple of quick observations. We know that an overwhelming majority of the world's Jewish population lives in the United States and Israel, but in Europe where centuriess-old Jewish life was decimated by the Holocaust, the Jewish community that remains faces a growing animosity that is creating a very real security threat which your testimony here is so helpful to highlight. It is not to excuse, as Ambassador Lauder pointed out, it is not to excuse our own homegrown anti-Semitism. It certainly exists. The fact is it made up more than 50 percent of the religious bias-based hate crimes in 2013, but it is informative. It is helpful to hear how countries around the world are responding to intimidation tactics, to pressure, to deadly attacks on the Jewish populations.    The world as Ambassador Lauder said and as we have heard repeatedly and rightfully and importantly throughout your visit the past couple of days, the world has to take action because of what the rise of anti-Semitism means not just to the Jewish communities in Europe, but because of what the rise of anti-Semitism means to all countries that allow it to persist, what it actually portends for others.    And so I think we have to take action. I am proud to have joined with my colleagues, many of who are on the dais here today, the chairman in particular, to form the bipartisan task force for combating anti-Semitism, the purpose being we want to try to help our peers in Congress to understand the real and growing threat posed by anti-Semitism globally to allow Members of Congress to interact with the administration and to interact with NGOs and partners abroad to devise innovative ways to try to address these issues, to curb the threat and to attack it at its source.    And I will just finish, Mr. Chairman, by again highlighting that anti-Semitism matters to everyone. It is not just the Jews, but to every citizen in the world who values human rights. It is a shared threat. It is a threat that we have to work together to address what is our common problem.    And Ambassador Lauder, as you point out, efforts to mask anti-Semitism in some sort of anti-Israel rhetoric should be exposed for what they are. Ultimately, the threats posed by anti-Semitism are a threat, as I said, to all of us more broadly.    Your participation here, Mr. Chairman, your willingness to hold this hearing and your commitment to this issue means an enormous amount and I am grateful to be able to just stop by and participate. Thank you so much. I yield the rest of my time.