    Admiral Salerno. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. The Chair recognizes Mr. Salerno now for your testimony.    Admiral Salerno. Thank you. Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss progress in offshore safety since the Deepwater Horizon incident.    As you know, the blowout explosion and resulting oil spill, which began on April 20, 2010, resulted in the loss of 11 hardworking men on the Deepwater Horizon, and one of the most significant environmental disasters in U.S. history. The aftershocks of that fatal day will forever reverberate with the families left behind, as well as for all those whose lives and livelihoods were affected by the environmental damage caused by that spill.    This event had a profound effect on the public, on the industry, and upon us, as a regulatory body. The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement was created in direct response to that event, to provide a laser focus on safety, and to reduce the risk of a similar event from ever occurring again. Establishing this new organization allowed for greater mission clarity, and helped remove the sometimes-conflicting priorities within its predecessor organization, the Minerals Management Service. Congress also provided new resources necessary to fulfill the Bureau's regulatory responsibilities.    In the 3\1/2\ years since it was established, BSEE has worked diligently to earn public confidence in our oversight activities, while at the same time promoting safe and responsible energy development. We have approached our responsibilities in a number of ways, including strengthening our permitting procedures to ensure more stringent safety analysis of well design; increasing our staff of inspectors, engineers, and scientists to allow for more meaningful oversight; updating our regulations to reflect current operating conditions, industry standards, and workplace safety best practices; enhancing oil spill response capabilities, especially subsea containment capability; and, most importantly, we placed a strong emphasis on establishing a culture of safety among all those who work on the Outer Continental Shelf.    Regulatory enhancements are important, and they continue to form the foundation of our approach. But, in addition, we continue to engage stakeholders from academia, from industry, from non-governmental organizations, and other government agencies to improve our approach to system reliability and human decisionmaking.    In 2013, BSEE funded the startup costs for the Ocean Energy Safety Institute, which provides an independent forum for dialog, shared learning, and cooperative research among stakeholders. BSEE is also in the process of establishing an engineering technology assessment center to be located in Houston, Texas, which will be a bureau-wide focal point for emerging technology evaluation.    Looking ahead, BSEE intends to pursue a risk-based approach to our inspection responsibilities to better match our time and resources to the greatest risks. In the near future, we will establish a near-miss reporting system modeled after a similar system used in commercial aviation, and which will help us understand safety trends, and allow us to better focus our prevention efforts. And we will continue to refine our organization to achieve greater transparency, consistency, and effectiveness in our mission performance.    A lot has occurred in the last 5 years to make the Outer Continental Shelf safer. However, incidents still occur. Complacency is our greatest adversary. Our commitment is to remain focused and vigilant, to do everything we can, working with all interested parties, to reduce risk to the lowest practical level, while allowing industry to responsibly develop energy resources.    I would like to thank the committee for inviting me to appear here today, and I look forward to your questions.    Admiral Salerno. I believe it has gotten safer, sir, yes.    Admiral Salerno. It is comparatively safer, yes. And I think the reforms that have been put in place have contributed to that, as well as a number of other factors.    Admiral Salerno. With the proper oversight and controls, I believe it can be done safely.    Admiral Salerno. The Well Control Rule does include high temperature, high pressure, as you indicated. But it is actually more inclusive than that. It also addresses activities in shallower water, and it also is meant to apply to Arctic activities, as well.    Admiral Salerno. The Arctic Rule does propose a second rig, which would be available to drill a relief well, should one be required. That rig can also be used for drilling activity.    Admiral Salerno. We estimate--well, we built into the proposal a 45-day window at the end of the drilling season to allow sufficient time for a relief well to be drilled. And that would include time to reposition a second rig to the site.    Admiral Salerno. To permanently kill an out-of-control well, our best understanding is it will take a relief well. Most wells are permanently killed in that fashion. So that is why we included it in the proposal.    Now, we have asked the industry in this proposal for alternative technologies, and we would welcome input from the industry along those lines.    Admiral Salerno. The Arctic Rule has just been extended an additional 30 days, for a total of 90 days. And our initial comment period for the Well Control Rule is 60 days. Should there be a need to extend that, obviously, the Department can evaluate that and extend it, if necessary.    Admiral Salerno. We have not looked specifically at the Atlantic. We look at drilling activity in and of itself, you know, the nature of drilling, the technology that is used in drilling, the environment where drilling takes place--particularly, for example, in the Arctic, where we need special conditions. But we focus on the technology, the techniques, the practices that are used by the industry, and everything that goes into preventing mishaps and accidents on the Outer Continental Shelf. But it is not necessarily geographically specific for the Atlantic.    Admiral Salerno. No, we are not. We are focusing on our own assessments of industry practices and the technology that is being used in place.    We really focus on the design of the well, making sure that there is proper integrity there, there are proper barriers in place, so that anything that conceivably could happen has a safety barrier, multiple safety barriers. That is how we approach the management of risk.    Admiral Salerno. We will certainly take a close look at any unique characteristics, but a lot of it will be depending on the geology, what we anticipate in the geological formations, what risks they impose, the temperatures, the pressures, and certainly any operating conditions regarding meta-ocean data. You know, anything that might affect activity on the surface.    Admiral Salerno. Potentially. I think it will be a result of all of the factors I just mentioned.    Admiral Salerno. Yes.    Admiral Salerno. Yes, that is outside my box. They are continuing. I think the cleanup efforts were a remarkable job, they did a remarkable job. But it is ongoing. It is not done. There is still oil out there, and the unified command continues to exist, to the best of my knowledge, for that purpose.    Admiral Salerno. It is a hostile environment. It is not impossible, but it would require very special considerations and capabilities to be brought to the scene.    Admiral Salerno. I liken it to a moon shot. You really have to bring what you need with you, which gets to the whole question about the relief rig. And it also gets to the special capabilities of the equipment that is brought to the scene.    Admiral Salerno. I am.    Admiral Salerno. There were elements of the overall operation which did not pan out as Shell had planned. The environmental response capabilities were not brought to bear. That resulted in a restriction in what drill was allowed to do in their drilling activity. They were not allowed to enter into an oil-bearing zone, as a result.    And then, as was well publicized, the marine transportation portion of their operation failed bringing the rig out of the Arctic. This actually occurred down by the Aleutian Chain, where they lost a tow line, and were unable to recover the tow.    Admiral Salerno. That was not functional. And that was the reason they were not allowed to drill into an oil-bearing zone. They did not have that capability readily available.    Admiral Salerno. I believe they did drag anchor, they did have some marine problems, and the Coast Guard addressed those.    Admiral Salerno. I do not have that at my fingertips, sir. I can get it for you----    Admiral Salerno . For the record.    Admiral Salerno. Again, sir, I would have to check the data on that.    Admiral Salerno. Not offhand.    Admiral Salerno. Oh, I absolutely do.    Admiral Salerno. I don't have that number at my fingertips, no.    Admiral Salerno. Not at my fingertips.    Admiral Salerno. Not at all. Not at all, sir. They, you realize, were debarred for several years. They were not allowed to----    Admiral Salerno. There are a number of companies that we have on what we call performance improvement plans because of unsatisfactory performance----    Admiral Salerno. I can get you a list of those, sir.    Admiral Salerno. I do have----    Admiral Salerno. I was trying not to use up your time, sir, but----    Admiral Salerno. We have had--I am sorry here----    Admiral Salerno. Yes, well BP, in particular. They are under court-ordered safety----    Admiral Salerno. We had regular meetings with them, and they are subject to a heightened degree of scrutiny.    Admiral Salerno. No, we did not see egregious safety violations.    Admiral Salerno. No, I do meet with them.    OK, the ones on special--that we watch very closely are ERT Talos, BT, Pogo. Those are three.    Admiral Salerno. We have----    Admiral Salerno. I assure you, I do.    Admiral Salerno. Yes, thank you. You are correct. Between, say, the Exxon Valdez and Deepwater Horizon, there was not very meaningful improvement in oil spill response technology. In the last 5 years there has been--I would call it marginal increase in mechanical spill recovery techniques. There have been some new skimmers that have been designed, and we have participated in that, predominantly through our test facility in New Jersey, which is the largest test tank in the country. And they have developed skimmers that are several times more efficient than previous models.    There have been improvements in boom technology, as well, so that booms can be towed by vessels at greater speed, which helps collect and corral oil. So there are improvements there. And I think, as you know, for deepwater there are the spill containment capabilities.    Admiral Salerno. I think you will hear more about that on the second panel.    Admiral Salerno. R&D is ongoing. Our Bureau invests, I think, more Federal dollars than any other Federal agency in R&D and spill response technology to, in a coordinated way with other Federal agencies, to enhance preparedness.    Admiral Salerno. Well, we are doing the R&D work involving industry and academic sources. We use our test facility. We are in the process of updating our regulations for spill response. I would anticipate some time next year a proposal would go out along those lines.    A lot of activity, a lot of R&D activity, focusing on the Arctic for obvious reasons.    Admiral Salerno. On how oil could be recovered from underneath ice, how in-situ burning or dispersants might be used in ice-choked areas, as well as the ability to spot and detect oil in low-light situations.    Admiral Salerno. Yes, ma'am. The production safety rule is taking a little bit longer than we would like. We still hope to get that out, probably this summer.    The vast provision of that rule, the requirement will still be in the rule, but the definition of how it will work is something that we have been working on separately. We have been engaging with academia and with industry, a number of industry groups, on----    The Chairman. I am sorry to cut you off, but--I am not sorry, you are over time.    Turn to Mr. Wittman.    Admiral Salerno. I do. Thanks. You raised a very important point. One of the most critical elements going forward is the culture of safety, how people make decisions. It is not solely relying on the technology and the data that they receive, but what they do with it, and whether they stop work if unsafe conditions present themselves. That has been a noticeable change in the last several years.    Many of the companies that I do interact with--and I meet with all the major companies, and a lot of the smaller companies--this is what we talk about, how they make decisions. So that is where we will take safety to the next level. It was the focal point of our safety and environmental management system. We had two rules that have come out since Deepwater Horizon to really get at that human element and human decisionmaking.    Admiral Salerno. There are some areas where technology is really at the cutting edge: the high temperature, high pressure well. They can drill the well, but to actually create the producing systems, that technology is still being developed. And there are joint industry projects underway to do that. We are working very closely with those companies, because they are really out ahead of our regulations, they are ahead of industry standards. So this requires very, very close contact with the industry, to make sure that all of the safety barriers are in place, and the technology is well understood.    Admiral Salerno. Well, since Deepwater Horizon, we have established a technical assessment team in our Gulf of Mexico, which does exactly that. And it is also the reason why we are putting a technology assessment center with a bureau-wide focus in Houston, right in the heart of the industry, to work with equipment manufacturers in the industry to understand this technology.    The best companies that I have interacted with are applying the principles of high reliability organizations, the same types of principles that are used in the space program and the airline industry, where they really look at everything that could potentially go wrong, they assume that it will, and then they build in the barriers to see that it doesn't happen. Or, if it fails, it will fail safe. That is the approach----    Admiral Salerno. At the leading edge, yes, that is what I am seeing.    Admiral Salerno. Your numbers are accurate. Mechanical recovery in open water is not very effective. You are correct about in-situ burning, dispersant use. Probably the most effective technique was capture at the well head. But no response technology is 100 percent effective, and they are all very much dependent on conditions.    So, you are right, additional R&D needs to be done. We need better equipment, we need better techniques. And work is being done, certainly by BSEE, also the Coast Guard, NOAA, EPA, on how to improve response capability in the ice. And, in fact, we have used our on-site facility in New Jersey with that. We have even choked it with ice to test equipment in those conditions.    But it underscores the point that our best approach here is to keep the oil in the tube. We double down on prevention. That is why we are putting so much emphasis on working with the companies, understanding the technology, and making sure the barriers are there so oil doesn't get in the water in the first place.    Admiral Salerno. Well, most of the Nation's response capability is in the private sector. There is government capability. Naturally, the Coast Guard has some, EPA has some. But, by and large, it is oil spill response organizations that are relied upon to provide this technology. And, certainly since Deepwater Horizon, for----    The Chairman. I am sorry, I was interested in that, too, but we will have another round here.    Admiral Salerno. Happy to continue.    Admiral Salerno. That is correct.    Admiral Salerno. Correct.    Admiral Salerno. I would say it is a mixed bag. I have met with some companies that are the leading lights in this that have really put a lot of emphasis on it, and are doing a wonderful job in managing risk. I have encountered some others where I question their commitment to safety.    And mention was made earlier about some of the accidents that have occurred, and we have seen accidents that have occurred, and fatalities that have occurred since Deepwater Horizon, where it was a complete absence of a safety culture. So we are working to remedy that. That is one of the reasons why we are approaching a risk-based approach to inspection, so that we can look at individual company performance, and tailor our resources and energies to address the greatest risks.    Admiral Salerno. I would say there is maybe 10 percent of the ones that I have interacted with that are worrying me, that I felt that they did not have the proper safety culture, they did not communicate safety messages to their workforce, they did not interact meaningfully with their contractors. And much of the work that is done offshore is done by contractors and subcontractors. So when you have these disconnects, you set yourself up for----    Admiral Salerno. Yes. We do meet with companies and review their performance. If performance has been substandard, we visit them more frequently. And we are working to develop a much more refined, sophisticated risk management model, working with one of the national laboratories, so we can make this whole process much more----    Admiral Salerno. No, no, that is not what I am saying. We visit more frequently. We have greater oversight where we have areas of concern. So we visit more frequently, inspectors going out to the----    Admiral Salerno. If they don't comply, we have a range of enforcement options. The most serious cases, we could order them to shut-in.    Admiral Salerno. And we do that.    Admiral Salerno. They would apply to any lease holding activity that eventually takes place. But it doesn't directly affect the lease sale itself.    Admiral Salerno. Right.    Admiral Salerno. The two are separate.    Admiral Salerno. Well, obviously, we have the new rules that will go out. They don't take effect right away. However, the industry itself has set standards in place and, for example, forward blowout preventers. And many of the companies that are building new rigs are applying those standards in their design specifications for new blowout preventers and new rigs. So, we are already seeing some of that taking effect.    As far as safety management systems, that is, again, an area of continued emphasis by us, and by the leading companies in the industry.    Admiral Salerno. Yes, thank you. And, actually, that is one of the greatest strategic challenges we face, is attracting and retaining a quality workforce. We struggle with that. We are in competition with industry for the same talent. Many of our people we hire from industry. But many of them go back to industry, because we cannot compete on a salary basis. We offer other advantages, and many people, thankfully, are motivated by a desire to serve.    We have had help from Congress on salaries for engineers and for scientists, so we have had some special salary rates. That gets renewed in our budget every year. We are hoping to make that permanent. Inspectors, we do not have that authority, but we have been able to do some things internally to help boost salary rates there. We are working with the Office of Personnel Management to try to make some of these things a little more permanent, but this will be an ongoing challenge.    And looking to the future, we are very much engaged in reaching out to youth groups, to high schools and colleges, really trying to motivate them to consider public service. And certainly returning veterans are a prime source, as well.    Admiral Salerno. Right. Well, I think I left off talking about subsea containment capability, and that is where there has been a tremendous amount of research and investment, and capital investment in creating capabilities to address the kinds of problems we had in the deepwater during the Deepwater Horizon event.    Admiral Salerno. That is private sector investment. There is a government requirement that capability be developed. It was a performance requirement. And then industry responded, essentially, by forming a consortium so they could pool resources and develop the capability to meet that requirement.    As far as----    Admiral Salerno. Yes, I have been down and I have looked at it, at the two major companies that provide that capability in the Gulf of Mexico, and I have also looked at the capability that will be deployed in the Arctic, personally. So, yes, the investment is being made.    Admiral Salerno. I think the emphasis that each agency has is an appropriate breakdown of responsibilities. As far as coordination goes, it is very good. In every location where I have a regional office, there is a counterpart, BOEM regional office. I am colocated with the BOEM Director.    You are absolutely correct, we do share information: geological information, scientific, permit information, and so forth. That is occurring back and forth. So, I don't foresee a real problem, going forward, with the way we are structured. There are certain things that we will do. I think we will even enhance the ability to share information, some IT tools and business management capability that will facilitate easier movement of data across bureau boundaries. But the personnel connections are very strong.    Admiral Salerno. As far as the private sector?    Admiral Salerno. Yes, absolutely. My feeling is I could not be an effective regulator if I did not interact in a meaningful way, in a regular way, with the industry that I regulate. So I have to understand where they are going, from a technological standpoint, what their plans are, and the equipment that they plan to use. So that is ongoing, and it permeates our entire organization. We have to understand it.    Admiral Salerno. Well, I do believe that, for example, the civil penalty provisions that we currently have available to us probably made sense when the law was written. They look pretty mild, by modern standards: $40,000 per day for a violation is really not that much for this industry.    We look at civil penalties as one of a range of tools. You know, our goal is to get people to comply. If we have to use a tool to get their attention, we will do that. But that probably could stand a fresh look.    Admiral Salerno. Yes----    Admiral Salerno. It is very difficult, competing with industry on salary. That is, I think, a big part of it. I think, particularly my inspectors, their entry level is like a GS-7. Once they are skilled and trained up, they are much more valuable in the private sector, and, quite honestly----    The Chairman. OK. Well, let me finish on that, then.    Admiral Salerno. OK.    The Chairman. Where do you go to recruit? Are you recruiting in colleges, or are you recruiting from the industry?    Admiral Salerno. All of that. And returning veterans, as well. So I have--probably my inspector staff, close to 90 percent of them have some industry background. Many of them, probably half of them, are veterans. And we routinely visit colleges, petroleum engineering schools and so forth.    The Chairman. So are you getting more from industry than you are losing to industry?    Admiral Salerno. It is two steps forward, one step back, really. We hired, I think, about 100 people last year. I think our net gain was probably about 29, just because, you know, people come in, and then they leave.    And I am also losing people due to retirements. The Baby Boom generation, people that have been around for many years are stepping down. So, as I bring people in, even fresh faces, I am losing some of the older hands.    The Chairman. We are not doing enough in petroleum and energy engineering education, are we? That is rhetorical. That is a statement.    In 2012, Congress gave you the authorization for special pay authority to hire and keep these people. Is that working? Does it need to be continued? Does it need to be upgraded?    Admiral Salerno. Absolutely needs to be continued, and I would love to see it upgraded. Without it, we would be in far worse shape.    The Chairman. So what specifically do you need to be more competitive, then, that Congress can give you in that appropriations process?    Admiral Salerno. That continued authorization to pay special salary is vital. So if that could be continued, it would be extremely helpful.    The Chairman. But if we tried to up it in some way to assist you in maintaining or at least limiting your attrition rate, what would you recommend that be?    Admiral Salerno. Can I get you more specific information on that, sir, rather than give you an off-the-cuff answer? I think it would be helpful to increase that. Salary is the biggest selling point for anybody looking for a job. And we have been trying to supplement our salary offering with other benefits of Federal service, but it doesn't always put food on the table.    The Chairman. OK. That would be--I recognize that. It would be helpful, although I am not an appropriator. Other than that, it still would be helpful.    With that, do you have any other questions?