    Mr. SMITH OF NEBRASKA. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member McDermott, and certainly the subcommittee, for being here today and allowing the opportunity to share ideas.    I introduced a bill as a result of taxpayers facing penalties through no fault of their own through losing--their losing coverage, health care coverage, through the failure of the consumer-operated and oriented plans, or so-called co-ops. And I appreciate, like I said, this opportunity.    My bill would exempt taxpayers from the individual mandate if they would lose health coverage because of the failure of the co-ops in their local area. Under my bill the exemption applies for the remainder of the calendar year for those who lose coverage in the months of January through September, and through the next calendar year for those who lose coverage in October, November, or December.    With co-ops failing and other insurers choosing to pull out of the marketplaces, more than 650 counties, largely in rural areas, are projected to be covered by only one health insurance provider in 2017. This compounds the existing barriers impeding access to necessary, affordable health care for rural Americans.    I would like to ask unanimous consent to include in the record a May 15th Wall Street Journal article titled, ``Insurance Options Dwindle in Some Rural Regions.''    Mr. SMITH OF NEBRASKA. Thank you. Created under the Affordable Care Act, the 23 co-ops were authorized by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. They received nearly $2 billion in federal startup funds, mostly in the form of loans.    However, on December 23, 2014, the Iowa insurance commissioner filed a petition to liquidate CoOportunity Health, which was providing coverage to nearly 120,000 people across Nebraska and Iowa. In 2015 an additional 11 co-ops discontinued operations. The 11 remaining co-ops also continued to lose money, including Community Health Options of Maine, the only one of these entities ever to have reported a period of profitability.    While taxpayers deserve an accounting of what went wrong with the co-ops, where this money went, and if these loans will ever be paid back, it is not the focus of today's hearing or my testimony. The premise of my legislation is simple: Regardless of one's opinion of the ACA, the facts remain. Consumers were required to purchase health insurance under that law. Many chose to purchase insurance through the state and federal exchanges, and consumers in 13 states who chose co-op plans lost coverage through no fault of their own. Those consumers who made a good-faith effort to comply with the law should not be forced to pay a penalty because the plan they chose ceased operation.    While CoOportunity is the only co-op to be liquidated in the middle of a plan year so far, experience tells us it may not be the last. Community Health Alliance of Tennessee was in danger of midyear liquidation before HHS permitted it to halt enrollment. And recent reports indicate Community Health Options of Maine may be on the brink of collapse.    I would also like to ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a March 23, 2016 article from the Portland press entitled, ``Maine Sought to Put Struggling Health Insurance Co-op Into Receivership.''    Mr. SMITH OF NEBRASKA. Thank you. A recent lawsuit by the Iowa insurance commissioner against the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services over the distribution of corridor funds to CoOportunity may raise additional solvency concerns and drive liquidation decisions for commissioners overseeing the remaining co-ops.    I would also like to note, while Nebraska and Iowa consumers were provided a special enrollment period to select a new insurance plan, we should not assume one will be provided in the future.    In addition, depending on how quickly consumers choose a new plan during a special enrollment, they may still have uninsured months which could be subject to penalty.    Some consumers who choose high-deductible plans should not be penalized if the best decision for them is to wait until a new plan year, rather than start over on a new deductible, when they have already paid large sums toward a deductible in their previous plan. True fairness would waive penalties for these taxpayers.    Again, I thank you for the opportunity to testify today. My bill is a simple solution which would provide a measure of relief for consumers who follow the law and purchase health coverage, only to lose it through no fault of their own.    I look forward to working with you to improve our health care system. Thank you.