    Mr. STANFORD. Good morning, Chair Hanna, Ranking Member Takai. Thank you for the opportunity to testify.    As noted, I am John Stanford, and vice president of NextWin Services. Part of our work is monitoring procurement policy changes, engaging their real world impact on businesses. Today's topic, GSA's proposed transactional data regulation, certainly gives us cause for concern. As noted, the rule would require vendors to share their pricing information through a new online reporting system. This pricing data in turn is a critical part of a larger GSA effort to create a common acquisition platform, an online marketplace with best in class government-wide contracts, all reforms with impacts on the small business community.    In our view, such impacts can be measured by three criteria. Cost, complexity, and opportunity. When viewed through these lenses, GSA's proposed transactional data requirement fails to best serve small businesses. The first, cost, considers how reforms will change the bottom lines of contractors, either through changing compliance burdens, pricing requirements, or altering resources needed to win work. Simply put, business owners ask themselves, will a given change increase or decrease the cost of doing business with the federal government.    As written, small businesses would face increased costs under the proposed rule. GSA recognizes the additional reporting requirement will undoubtedly have a cost for affected businesses. SBA's Office of Advocacy and GSA's own inspector general noted that estimates in the proposed rule appear drastically understated. I know others here today have completed more comprehensive measurements of this cost, and I will defer to them on providing those details. So estimates of this cost requirement may vary, but nonetheless, there will certainly be a cost.    Complexity, on the other hand, measures if a policy change will make selling to the government harder or easier. Essentially, will the federal market be more or less difficult to understand? Or as I often hear from business owners, am I going to need to hire someone for this?    While GSA contents its reporting solution will be user-friendly, our experience is that government data systems are anything but. After implementation, a successful GSA contractor would be required to monitor and update five government systems--GSA's eBuy Marketplace, the system for award management, Fed Biz Ops, the 72(a) Quarterly Reporting System, and now, the new Transactional Data Reporting System. For small businesses, this may often be in addition to SBA systems or certification requirements. All in all, a lot of government systems, each with their own complexities.    The third criterion is whether a change expands or limits opportunity to win contracts. When considering a policy, business owners ask, ``Will I have more opportunity to compete and win?'' In our view, small businesses may see fewer opportunities from GSA contracts and vehicles in light of this proposed rule. Horizontal pricing, whereby the government can compare costs of similar items, makes price the critical factor in awarding a contract. Often, however, small businesses offer tailored and innovative solutions that in conjunction with competitive pricing make for best value in procurement instead of lowest price.    While GSA suggests that pricing will only be one factor in determining best value, it lends significant weight. The words ``price'' or ``pricing'' appear 165 times in the regulation, while ``best value'' only appears seven. Because it is unclear how, if at all, GSA would differentiate similar products to agencies seeking goods or services besides price, we are left to assume that agencies will have to use price as the determining factor. To the extent that this happens, especially for services, small business will suffer.    We do applaud efforts to streamline the acquisition process. The simplification of competition and removal of unnecessary costs associated with managing duplicative contracts benefits all parties. We believe, however, that the responsibility for aggregating price-related data should fall on GSA instead of the private sector.    Citing the cost of upgrading its data systems, GSA is proposing to ask vendors to report to GSA the details of what was purchased through GSA. This is like asking retailers selling on Amazon to report to Amazon what it sold on Amazon. This seems to be an inefficient way to collect data.    Finally, and speaking to the driver behind this regulation, we continue to be concerned about a vision of government procurement that seeks to categorize customized services into narrow categories. Individual agencies and programs under them have unique requirements. While the acquisition process is in need of modernization, a rushed process of aggregating similar but not identical purchases seems ill-advised.    It is our recommendation that GSA rethink its approach to transactional data, putting the collection burden on the agency rather than the vendor. One option, upgrading the systems to automatically collect this data, seems to be a common-sense solution that ultimately will have to be done. Why not now?    Thank you for holding this hearing today and shining light on an important issue. I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. STANFORD. We have not. And while we have looked at their study and the ABA work, we are also encouraged in accepting their conclusion because also SBA Office of Advocacy and GSA's own inspector general determined that those costs seem understated.    Mr. STANFORD. Yes; correct.    Mr. STANFORD. I will not speak to our company individually, but speaking to the companies we work with as they enter the federal market, the costs beyond compliance are--for small businesses are initial costs up front. So if you are getting a schedule, that is an enormous barrier for small businesses. Actually getting into the GSA eBuy system can be a barrier. As we make that more complicated, as we add additional systems, what we hear from businesses is they simply do not have the resources. I think one of the other panelists pointed to a conclusion that this rule would require an extra employee. For the case of a small business that has an innovative solution, they do not have that extra employee. And one conversation we often have with small businesses is whether or not they are ready to take on working with the federal government as it is a unique customer and this is just adding to the conversation that they are not ready, which is a cost to the government.    Mr. STANFORD. Yes. And I think the chairman put it well. It is data that the government already has, and it does seem counterintuitive and there is consensus amongst the panel that this does not make any sense. And there really--in the commercial world, it really would not make sense for the person who is acting as the platform to procure the goods, to then need to be told what those goods and services cost.    Mr. STANFORD. I think you would have two options. Either the small business would leave the federal market if they could no longer bear the small margins to make sure they were profitable. Or, as in the case for some small businesses that rely 80-90 percent of revenue in the federal market, they would go out of business.