    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Housing is always an important discussion for me, for a number of reasons. Some of them, maybe the majority of them, are from my own personal life experience. I often say to groups in both the urban part of my district, Kansas City, Missouri, and in the rural parts of my district, the eastern part, that there is a symbiotic relationship between urban and rural.    I actually wish--and this will never happen during my lifetime--that all congressional districts could be designed where there is an urban and a rural component. Because I think we would have far fewer political conflicts. And one of the unintended blessings for me when the district lines were redrawn is that I was given 3 rural counties, counties that were previously represented by Congressman Ike Skelton, who had been here 34 years and was born and raised in one of those counties, Lafayette County.    So I am very, very happy whenever we get into these issues. I think my district represents a microcosm of the Nation. I think everybody is there.    The RHS program, which is operated by the USDA, provides the kinds of housing options that do not exist outside of rural America. The 502 Guaranteed Program offers borrowers an opportunity for homeownership with no money down. And it keeps rural families where they desire to live, in rural America.    In my own district, 346 loans were administered in Fiscal Year 2013. And Missouri ranked as 7th in the Nation in administering the Guaranteed Rural Housing Program. The Section 502 Direct Loan Program is one of only a few programs in the Nation which is targeted to low- and very-low-income rural families.    And contrary to what perhaps many urban dwellers believe, people in rural areas are in many instances struggling like people in the urban core. Given the lack of credit options, the unacceptable rates of poverty, and the limited housing choices facing many in the rural areas, we must continue to keep the USDA housing programs well-funded and productive.    In fact, I think we need additional funding. And, of course, I agree with the Chair that there are some things we can do better to streamline the programs that we are operating. But I am not so sure that we cannot do both: streamline the programs; and make sure that adequate funding is there.    Finally--and I guess I do need to mention this just because it makes me feel good--the central collection and service center for this program operates in our State, in St. Louis, Missouri. Why did I mention that? Because I can, and because I want everybody to know.    So I want to thank the witnesses. And I am very, very interested in having a dialogue with you as we move through this hearing.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Scire, even if some shoes are cute but too small, won't they hurt?    Mr. Cleaver. Yes. And more is not always better, do you agree?    Mr. Cleaver. Yes, yes. The point here is HUD operates more programs in the rural areas than the housing program that operates in Mr. Hernandez's department.    Mr. Cleaver. Okay. Same thing, 502, 504, 514, 516 programs. They have a potpourri of programs. I think the Housing Act was passed in 1937. HUD was created in 1965--1965, Lyndon Johnson's Great Society; am I correct?    Mr. Cleaver. Do you agree then that HUD almost automatically leans urban?    Mr. Cleaver. I would disagree with the Secretary, or you for that matter, that HUD does not lean urban. And I can give you some examples. A quick one would be--    Mr. Cleaver. Lean means that--    Mr. Cleaver. HUD has limited experience in administering programs that are designed exclusively for rural areas.    Mr. Cleaver. And as I say, they have limited experience.    Mr. Cleaver. If I didn't say ``limited experience,'' I apologize. But I meant limited experience. Do you agree with that?    Mr. Cleaver. But limited experience in working in the 502 program?    Mr. Cleaver. So they have no experience?    Mr. Cleaver. Yes. One of the things that makes Washington operate with an odor is that some people automatically on one side--that we are supposed to say everything that HUD is doing is great, and the other side is saying HUD is not supposed to be great. And I think that is why we don't make the kind of progress we need.    I think that the chairman is right. And I think we need to look at these programs. But what I would also like to make sure we understand and acknowledge is that what HUD does is dramatically different than what is done in rural areas. And it was intended to be that way. As Mr. Hernandez said, they are the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. And they lean urban. HUD leans urban.    Why do we say urban America? CDBG grants, for example, in our State, the people who get the annual allocation are in: Kansas City, the largest city; Saint Louis, the second largest city; Springfield, the third largest city; and Independence, the fourth largest city.    If you live in rural America, the money goes to the State, and you have to compete with other small communities to get CDBG dollars or 108 loan moneys. So we lean urban with HUD--    Mr. Cleaver. If a HUD Secretary believes that, he or she should go.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I may not take the full 5 minutes.    I have been on this committee since 2004, and on this subcommittee since 2004. And on May 25, 2011, Peter Carey, the President/CEO of Self-Help Enterprises, and a board member of the Housing Assistance Council, and a board member of the National Rural Housing Coalition, in testimony he provided to this committee said, ``HUD has limited experience in administering programs directed exclusively to rural areas. It is likely that rural housing programs would be force-fit--he probably knew that somewhere in the future somebody would do the shoe analogy--it would be force-fit into the HUD delivery system, which would change the ability of those programs to reach rural communities. HUD lacks the administrative system to deliver effective rural programs. Its programs' consistency and interest lie elsewhere.''    Do either of you disagree with that?    Mr. Cleaver. Good sermon. I mean, I am into sermons.    Given the current existing shortage and the number of available and affordable rental housing units in both RHS and HUD and the longstanding underfunding of Federal affordable housing programs, what are your concerns if there is some kind of a consolidation brought forth?    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Hernandez.