    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I look forward to working with you, and I commend you for calling the first hearing of this Subcommittee in the 114th Congress to focus on the important issue of asset forfeiture.    I would also like to acknowledge my colleagues, the Ranking Member, Mr. Conyers, Ms. Chu, Ms. Bass, and the other Members of this Committee who will be working with us in this term on what I consider a very important Committee.    It is especially appropriate that we start with this topic because today's hearing concerns foundational principles with respect to the relationship between government and its citizens. We ask government, largely through law enforcement agencies, to help protect us from crime, and we also expect that the government will respect our rights and not harm us.    When we convict someone of a crime, often we deprive him or her of liberty. And for that, we put the burden on the government to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. When the government seeks to use civil forfeiture laws to take someone's property, only needing to prove its case by preponderance of the evidence, the government is not putting the person in prison, but it may be taking someone's home or property that is critical to a person's survival or livelihood.    And of course, seizing even a relatively small amount of money may present a hardship for those of lesser means. The Government's practice of asset forfeiture involves the intake of substantial sums of money. The forfeiture funds maintained by the Department of Justice and Department of Treasury together take in over $2 billion per year.    The size of these amounts helps put into focus the tension between our property and due process rights on the one hand, and the Government's interests in maintaining this funding system on the other hand, often relying on civil forfeiture procedures involving the low standard of proof.    That is why we must ensure that the Federal laws that allow the forfeiture of money and other assets include necessary protections to ensure the innocent do not suffer from wrongful confiscation. Unfortunately, it is increasingly apparent that our laws are not sufficient in this regard.    The Chairman is right. We have looked at these issues over a period of time on this Committee and on our larger--on the full Committee. And I believe this is an important issue to take up at this time.    We must guarantee that innocent owners are given a clear, affordable mechanism to successfully challenge unwarranted forfeiture, and the burden should not be on them to prove their innocence. Or we must end the practice of adoptive forfeitures that motivate some State and local law enforcement agencies to engage in tactics such as highway interdictions for the purpose of seizing assets to raise money.    And while Federal law enforcement functions should be robustly funded through the normal appropriations process, we must eliminate any financial benefits that Federal law enforcement agencies may receive.    For a moment, Mr. Chairman, if I might take note of the fact that we are operating under a set of laws that we have had since 1789 and then the revised statutes of the United States approved on June 22, 1874, and a body of laws called the Code of Laws of the United States of America. And I only say that to stop for a moment and to acknowledge, as the Chairman indicated, my presence here as a new Ranking Member and my commitment to working with the Chairman.    But I must take note of the fact that over the last 2 years, we have had a tumultuous time operating under the Criminal Code. We have seen families raise questions about the transparency of grand juries. We know that there is a need for prison reform.    I want to thank the Chairman for his overcriminalization task force, working with Ranking Member Conyers and Chairman Goodlatte, and we know that there is a high rate of incarceration. I am hoping, as this Committee proceeds in its work, that we can work in a bipartisan manner to address the questions of mandatory minimums, prison reform, transparency in grand jury, and, yes, the use of lethal force.    America is a great country, and I am proud to be an American. I believe its laws are important laws that exude liberty and justice. But I know that we on this Subcommittee, working with the full Committee, can find a pathway that treats fairly those who lift the hand of the law, who must go out every day to protect and serve, and those who are subjected to the law.    My commitment is working with this Committee in a bipartisan manner to find that pathway and to give relief to mothers of persons such as Trayvon Martin, Eric Garner, Sean Bell, Tamir, and many others, who likewise are facing concerns that they would like to have addressed.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back my time.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    Let me as well express my appreciation to the witnesses today.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to submit into the record a letter from the ACLU, dated February 11, 2015, regarding the endorsement of the Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration Act.    Ms. Jackson Lee. If I might, and to the witnesses, our time is short. Questions may be long. If you can be pithy in your answers, I would appreciate it.    The new policy announced by the Attorney General in January purports to end the Federal adoption of State seizures except in limited circumstances. This practice involves Federal law enforcement sharing up to 80 percent of the proceeds of these seizures for State and local law enforcement agencies, which has raised concerns that these agencies are motivated to engage in seizures for profit.    Mr. Blanco, if you will, the new policy, under this policy, adoptive seizures and equitable sharing may take place if a State or local law enforcement agent seizes assets while participating in joint operations with Federal agencies. But doesn't this exemption still allow a huge volume of adoptive seizures to continue if the Federal agents are added to task forces only to serve in minor roles to call them ``joint operations.''    And I am just going to give you a subset. And then under this new policy, adoptive seizures may take place if the seizures take place pursuant to warrants issued by Federal courts. Doesn't this allow States with Federal agents to subvert the new policy by simply having more seizures done through the Federal warrants?    You can just be brief in your answer.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me just leave on the table, if I might, the underlying point of the question was couldn't there be sidestepping of these orders? I am not going to pursue it with you. I am going to leave it on the table, if you will, sidestepping by dragging in, if you will, of Federal officers?    And so, we have a lot to consider. Let me move on to Mr. Henderson. But I thank you for hitting the question straight on.    Mr. Henderson, first of all, we count on prosecutors in local jurisdictions to be the people's lawyer. We understand the responsibilities, and as I indicated in my opening remarks, there are a number of issues that I hope the prosecutors will join us on in trying to explore.    In this instance, might I say why should we allow State and local law enforcement agencies to ignore the asset forfeiture laws of their own States, which may be more restrictive than Federal law, and pursue seizures by in essence dragging in or bringing in Federal agencies in order to receive the proceeds? Let me have a subset to that.    The Washington Post, in recent articles about adoptive forfeitures and highway interdictions by State and local police, the Post examined 400 cases in which people challenged seizures and received some money back. And the majority were Black, Hispanic, or another minority.    Of course, this raised the serious issue of racial profiling and concerns that minorities are being disproportionately targeted. Would you comment on that, those two questions, please?    Ms. Jackson Lee. But if your law were more restrictive, would you want to be under that law just for the rights of the citizens involved? If--apparently, your State law is not, but if it was?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And what about the racial profiling?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank you.