    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our witnesses.    I represent a district that includes part of the beautiful Oregon coast, and a lot of my constituents are extremely concerned about the profound environmental risks associated with the operation of an open-pit copper mine in Bristol Bay, and I know we'll hear from Mr. Halford on our second panel, the people of Alaska are already dealing with some of the environmental fallout from the exploratory operations conducted by the Pebble Partnership in the region. They're very concerned about that.    Secretary Cohen, you talked about an unprecedented process, but it's my understanding that the Mineral Exploration and Development Act of 1993 contained very similar provisions--you supported it--that would have given the Department of Interior the authority to do essentially what the EPA has done here.    And I wanted to mention how concerned I am that we're having this conversation without the EPA here. We are questioning--raising a lot of questions about their process or their procedure. We absolutely need to hear from them. They should be in the room answering questions----    Ms. Bonamici. I appreciate that, Mr. Chairman, because it's important to hear from them. There's some suggestion that they did this without a process and without considering input. There were hundreds of thousands of comments and listening to lots of people across the region. We need to hear from them. And I know Ranking Member Johnson asked this question but--about why you suggested that they could find no valid reason why the NEPA permit process wasn't used, but as you know, that process can only take place when the permit application is filed, and I know you talked about that. I know that over years there were many people, groups, organizations wanting some certainty about this. I know my constituents feel very strongly about it, as those in Alaska do.    I wanted to ask you, Secretary Cohen, in your testimony you state that ``the Partnership compensated my team according to commercially standard terms.'' Can you please tell us about those, what that means?    Hon. Cohen. It's a standard term that I would have with any client that decides to hire my firm. It's commercially standard. It gets--nothing greater, nothing less than what I would charge any other client, and the point I wanted to make is nothing was contingent upon what I would produce, and I wanted to do this primarily because I really am trying to avoid this becoming a partisan issue, Democrats for the EPA, Republicans opposed to EPA. What I really wanted to do was to say can someone like myself who has been involved in public service for 31 years involved in major investigations--when I look back, for example, on Watergate hearings--long before your time here--but the biggest supporters of mine at that time were the Republican party, the ones who contributed to my campaign, the Republican party, and yet I felt compelled to vote to impeach my own President. And then in Iran-Contra, my biggest supporters were the Republican party, and I found that the President Reagan Administration has abused its position and violated some Constitutional provisions, so--and I assume that's one of the reasons why President Clinton asked me to serve in his Administration because he felt that I would be fair and independent, and that's what I've tried to do here. And I'll just ask you to look at the facts that I laid out, and you can make your own judgment on this, and frankly, it comes down to a policy issue. Do you think under the 404(c) process that there should be a permit filed? Do you think that EPA should say in the absence of that, we will construct a hypothetical scenario and make judgments on what can be done? I think those are policy issues that you as a member would want and I certainly support what you want.    Ms. Bonamici. And I appreciate that, Mr. Secretary, especially your effort to make sure that this is not a partisan issue, but it also has to be an issue about protecting the environment and having a process, and I know you have your legal team, I know you have some sort of strategic partnership with DLA Piper. What we're trying to figure out is, you're being compensated. We are trying to get the facts so that we can analyze, you know, was everyone on your review team employed by DLA Piper or The Cohen Group. We're trying to get some facts about how you arrived at your position.    And again, Mr. Chairman, we really need to hear from the EPA on this. Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And again, we absolutely need to hear from the EPA.    The people of Oregon and the northwest part of the United States are keenly aware of the potential repercussions of an open-pit copper mine and what those--what that would do to sports fishing, commercial fishing in Bristol Bay. Pebble's exploratory activities are already having a negative toll. A 2015 Alaska Department of Natural Resources report examined 24 of 1,300 exploratory drill holes and found that eight of those 24 had already leached acidic waste into waterways in the region or have caused other environmental damage.    I have a copy of a reclamation petition dated November 3 filed by 15 Alaska-based organizations and individuals calling for Pebble to assess the damage that they've caused and demanding that they come up with a cost estimate and timeline for remediation. And I ask that this petition be included in the record, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bonamici. And I also sent a letter to the EPA Administrator McCarthy, along with several of my colleagues from the Northwest. This is dated January 30, 2014, urging the Administrator to use the authority given to the EPA under the Clean Water Act to protect the Bristol Bay salmon fisheries from the potentially devastating impacts of the proposed Pebble Mine. And I would like to enter this into the record as well.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. Senator Halford, I know you fly over Bristol Bay regularly, and we saw some pictures. I wonder if you could just mention what you see now and expand on the current repercussions of the mining activities. But I want you to be brief because I have another important issue I want to ask you about.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And I need to ask you, too, that, you know, we've heard a lot about subpoenas this morning and also lobbying. I understand that there's been a significant amount of money spent by the company lobbying as well and with a public relations campaign. But could you talk a little bit about this talk about at least 72 subpoenas that are going to be issued or have been issued? What's the talk about that among people in Alaska? Is it----    Ms. Bonamici. --stifling debate or silencing critics?    Ms. Bonamici. And I'm sorry to interrupt, but also want, Mr. Chairman, to read from a letter sent to Secretary Cohen from an Assistant Attorney General at the U.S. Department of Justice in April. This is in response to a letter Secretary Cohen wrote in March of 2015 to the Department of Justice about the purported independent review of this issue. And the letter from the Justice Department reads in part, ``the federal courts provide the appropriate forum for resolving Pebble's allegations against EPA.''     ``As you are aware, this matter is in litigation in three separate lawsuits filed by Pebble against EPA in connection with EPA's assessments of the potential environmental effects of Pebble's proposed mine activities.''    The letter continues, ``your review obviously overlaps with the pending litigation.'' Then, the letter went on to say that ``Pebble has sought a preliminary injunction regarding Section 404(c) activities and the--purportedly, the letter said, ``so it could maintain its legal rights and the status quo, not so that it could launch its own private investigation into the EPA's actions. Pebble is attempting to obtain government information relating to its pending claims against the United States outside of the normal discovery context.'' The letter continued.    This letter is contained in a report released yesterday by the Natural Resources Defense Council. That report is titled ``The Demeaning of Independence,'' which is a rebuttal to the Cohen report. And I ask that this report, which contains the letter I quoted, also be entered into the record.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And, Mr. Chairman, I do want to emphasize that it would be inappropriate for this committee to follow up on the advice that was raised earlier this morning for the Committee to issue subpoenas for information that might be used by the Pebble Partnerships solely as a tool in its current litigation. The Department of Justice knows this and recognizes it, and Members of this Committee should know that as well.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.