    Mr. Forbes. Chairman, thank you.    Madam Attorney General, thank you go for being here today.    Attorney General Lynch. Good morning.    Mr. Forbes. And I know you know well that the mission--one of the parts of the mission of the U.S. Department of Justice is to ensure public safety against threats, foreign and domestic. I have a couple of news articles, and I know that we don't treat them for the truth of what's always in them, but we have to pay attention to them. One of them was Fox News that talked about ISIS having certain terror cells in 15 States and targeting those States. And then one where we're told by CBS News national security correspondent reporting that the Pentagon was notifying various soldiers who had appeared on lists and neighborhoods and cities that had been targeted by ISIS throughout Virginia and were actually trying to get the police to increase patrols in these particular neighborhoods of these cities.    And my question to you is, would you not conclude that it would be reasonable to conclude that if terrorists were brought from Guantanamo Bay to a particular city in the United States that it would be reasonable to conclude that that could increase the likelihood that one of those cities could be placed on one of these lists, be it from ISIS leadership or some domestic ISIS copycat in the United States?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, I'm certainly not able to speculate as to what a detainee may or may not do if they were in the U.S.----    Mr. Forbes. Let me correct that, Madam Attorney General, because you apparently didn't understand my question. I'm not talking about what the detainee would do. I'm talking about if you brought terrorists from Guantanamo Bay and located them in a particular city in the United States, would it not be reasonable to conclude that that might enhance the likelihood that that city could be placed on one of these targeted lists?    Attorney General Lynch. With respect to the list that you refer to, I'm not aware of the source.    Mr. Forbes. I'm not asking you that. I'm saying you know that there are lists that are around. Are you disputing that you have no knowledge that there are even any allegations of these lists around the country today?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, with respect to the matters that you've mention regarding the Fox News report, as I indicated, I'm not aware of----    Mr. Forbes. So you're not aware that there is any list in the United States today that target particular cities or States by ISIS or someone claiming to be representative of ISIS?    Attorney General Lynch. As I indicated, with respect to the first article that you mentioned----    Mr. Forbes. No, no, any of them, I'm talking about any of the lists, Madam Attorney General, you're not aware of any of these lists?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, with respect to the lists that you mention, I thought that you mentioned two, and perhaps I did not understand your question.    Mr. Forbes. I'm saying any of these lists. My question for you is, wouldn't it be reasonable to conclude if you brought terrorists from Guantanamo Bay and located them in a city that it could very well enhance that city's being on one of these targeted lists, yes or no? That's a pretty easy question. If you disagree with that, you can say no, if you agree with it, yes.    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, I thought you were referring to the Servicemembers who are on those lists.    Mr. Forbes. I'm making it clear, any list that targets a city or State in the United States, if you bring terrorists from Guantanamo Bay wouldn't it be reasonable to conclude that that can enhance that city's ability to be on one of those targeted lists?    Attorney General Lynch. I think there are any number of factors----    Mr. Forbes. Would you not agree that that would be a factor that would enhance that ability?    Attorney General Lynch. I think there are any number of factors.    Mr. Forbes. Would that be a factor?    Attorney General Lynch. There are any number of factors.    Mr. Forbes. But you would disagree that that would be one of those many number of factors?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I don't agree or disagree. I say that there would be any number of factors.    Attorney General Lynch. So then you, as the Attorney General of the United States, you do not have an opinion whether or not bringing terrorists from Guantanamo Bay and locating them in a city would have any capability at all of putting that city on a hit list by ISIS? You don't even have an opinion on that?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I think there are any number of factors.    Mr. Forbes. I'm asking you, would that be one of those factors?    Attorney General Lynch. I believe I've indicated there would be any number of factors.    Mr. Forbes. No, you have indicated you wouldn't answer the question. And, Madam Attorney General, I think that's atrocious, that you don't even have an opinion of that.    Let me ask you this then in the limited time I have, if you'll answer this question. You talk about data. We have certain of these events in Ferguson and Baltimore that you'll have an event and that will escalate into violence, and you talked about the police. Have you attempted to gather any information about outside organizations that may come from outside the community that may come into those communities and also escalate that violence?    Attorney General Lynch. We do gather information on individuals, as well as organizations that are involved in that.    Mr. Forbes. Do you have a report that you can provide to this Committee of your investigation and what that has included with a list of those organizations?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, we do not generate a report. What I was indicating was that in our review, if a matter is referred to us, particularly if there was a violent issue, we would look at individuals who were involved in that.    Mr. Forbes. I'm not talking about whether it's a crime. Do you have any information as to whether or not--you talked about police escalating the violence. Do you have any information you can supply this Committee that these outside groups may be coming in and also escalating that violence?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, the reports that we do would not focus solely on one factor. They would focus on----    Mr. Forbes. So you haven't focused at all on outside groups that could come in and escalate the violence?    Attorney General Lynch. Sir, if a matter is brought to our attention it would come under our review.    Mr. Forbes. But you haven't done any.    Attorney General Lynch. We don't have a report for you on that, sir.    Mr. Forbes. But have you done any investigation?    Attorney General Lynch. Sir, if a matter brought it our attention, it would come under our review.    Mr. Forbes. Well, Mr. Chairman, with that, I yield back without getting a single answer to a single question we posed.