    Chairman Weber. Good morning, and welcome to today's Energy Subcommittee hearing on the Department of Energy's (DOE) Energy Innovation Hubs.    This hearing will establish Congressional oversight over the four existing Hubs, examining the costs and benefits of the Department's approach to collaborative research and development.    DOE Energy Innovation Hubs are designed to coordinate research efforts across the Department, encouraging cooperation between researchers in basic science, applied energy, and engineering, and bringing together researchers from the national labs, academia, and industry into teams focused on solving critical energy challenges. With appropriate goals, benchmarks, and oversight, this kind of collaborative research and development is just plain old common sense.    Through the national labs, the federal government has the expertise to conduct basic and applied research, while the private sector has the ability and the motivation to move the next-generation energy technology into the marketplace. The Department funds the four Energy Innovation Hubs at approximately $90 million per year. The existing Hubs are focused on a number of energy challenges including extending the life of nuclear power reactors, developing better and more powerful batteries, creating new materials for advanced energy technology, and mimicking the ability that plants have to create fuels from sunlight.    The Consortium for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors, also known as CASL, brings together our best and brightest from industry, academia, and the labs to develop codes to model and simulate operations of the U.S. reactor fleet. These cutting-edge tools allow us to increase our return on investment from DOE's supercomputers within the Office of Science's Advanced Scientific Computing Research program--the subject of a hearing we held in the Energy Subcommittee earlier this year.    One critical application of CASL's virtual environment for reactor applications, known as VERA for short, is to enable the nuclear industry and regulators to predict the performance of reactor components for license renewals by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC). I'd like everyone to take note of the slide on the screen, which shows what is at stake--it's called The Clock is Ticking--shows what is at stake for the nation's base load electricity from nuclear power if the operating fleet is unable to secure license renewals to 60 years and 80 years of operating life, respectively, and it shows it there on either one of our slides. These NRC license renewals are an important issue for the reliability of our nation's electricity and for my district on The Texas Gulf Coast.    The South Texas Project, currently operating near my district which I used to represent, by the way, as you gentlemen know, provides reliable, zero-emissions electricity to the State of Texas, and good-paying jobs for my constituents. It's pretty clear from this graph just how important these licenses are to maintaining reliable, affordable power across the country. I know that Dr. Gehin has provided a similar figure in his prepared testimony, so I look forward to discussing this important issue today.    The research and development underway in the CASL Hub is just one example of the benefits from this collaborative research approach. The technical expertise and scientific facilities in our national labs can provide tremendous impact on the private sector through appropriate partnerships.    However, while the current DOE Hubs program pursues worthy research goals, not all collaborative research is a guaranteed success. In the first round of Hubs in the program, DOE established a Hub focused on building efficiency. But due to cost, poor performance, and a lack of clear goals, this Hub was dissolved.    Establishing a new Hub, center, or project is not the answer to every problem, and new proposals must be appropriately justified to Congress and shown to meet the research and development goals for the lead DOE office. Any authorization of new or continuing Hubs proposed by DOE must also include the ability to efficiently close down projects that are not achieving clear measures of success.    I want to thank our witnesses today for testifying on their valuable research and the DOE Energy Innovation Hub program. I look forward to a discussion about Federal Government's role in leading collaborative research and development, and how to leverage limited taxpayer dollars for the greatest economic impact and scientific achievement.    Chairman Weber. So, I'm going to recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Grayson, for an opening statement. He's chomping at the bit.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman.    Let me introduce our witnesses. Our first witness today is Dr. Harry Atwater, Director of the Joint Center for Artificial Photosynthesis, or JCAP. In addition to his position at JCAP, Dr. Atwater serves as the Howard Hughes Professor of Applied Physics and Material Science at the California Institute of Technology. He specializes in photovoltaics and solar energy as well as plasmonics and optical materials. Dr. Atwater received his bachelor's degree, master's degree, and Ph.D. in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.    Our next witness--and welcome, by the way, Dr. Atwater.    Our next witness is Dr. Jess Gehin, Director of the Consortium for Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors, or CASL. Dr. Gehin has been with the Oak Ridge National Laboratory for over 20 years. Prior to his current position, Dr. Gehin was a senior R&D staff member performing research primarily in the area of nuclear reactor physics. Dr. Gehin received his bachelor's degree in nuclear engineering from Kansas State University, and his master's degree and Ph.D. in nuclear engineering from MIT. And by the way, welcome, Dr. Gehin.    And I will now yield to the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Lipinski, to introduce our next witness.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman. Welcome, Dr. Crabtree. Did he say 16,000 citations? I don't know how you can afford that. Every time I get a citation, my insurance goes up. Yours has got to be astronomical.    Our final witness is Dr. Alex King, Director of the Critical Minerals Institute (CMI). Before joining CMI, Dr. King served as the Director of the Ames Laboratory. Dr. King received his bachelor's degree in physical metallurgy from the University of Sheffield and his Ph.D. in metallurgy and science materials from the University of Oxford. Welcome, Dr. King.    At this time I'm going to now recognize Dr. Atwater for five minutes to present his testimony. Dr. Atwater.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Atwater.    Dr. Gehin.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Doctor.    Dr. Crabtree.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Crabtree.    Dr. King.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. King. I thank the witnesses for your testimony. I now recognize myself for questions for five minutes.    Dr. Gehin, as I noted in my opening statement, CASL's support for NRC license renewals is an issue of particular importance to my district and my adjoining Matagorda County, Blake Farenthold's district. The South Texas Project Units 1 and 2 are currently under review by the NRC to operate for an additional 20 years, which means 20 more years of safe, reliable, and, I might add, zero-emission power for Texans. Can you explain to us generally how CASL's simulation capabilities uniquely allow the use of supercomputers to model the integrity of a reactor pressure vessel and other components and why this is important for license extensions for the reactor fleet to operate up to 80 years. Doctor?    Chairman Weber. Let me ask you real quick right in here because I read that in your comments. Why is it that the reactor core cannot be replaced? Is it just cost prohibitive?    Chairman Weber. Okay. That's strictly based on cost considerations?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Thank you. Go ahead.    Chairman Weber. We were talking earlier when I came out to introduce myself to you all about criticality.    Chairman Weber. How long does it take to reach criticality, for example?    Chairman Weber. So once you reach criticality, and you've got--forgive me, this is very technical--neutrons. Explain that process.    Chairman Weber. Right, and of course, I'm a layman in this, but it just seems like once you reach criticality, you know the effect on the reactor core.    Chairman Weber. Are you measuring inside and outside the vessel?    Chairman Weber. Are you able to anticipate new materials? I know we talked about graphite being used, heavy water, light water.    Chairman Weber. Are you able to extrapolate that to what those effects would be on the reactor core itself?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Forgive me, I'm way over my time, but I did have a question for Dr. Crabtree. I think you're working on the batteries. All I want to know is, can you make it where my iPhone battery doesn't run down while I'm watching the grandkids on videos?    Chairman Weber. Thank you very much, and I'll now yield to the Ranking Member.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from California. Dana, you're up.    Chairman Weber. Will the gentleman yield for just a second?    Chairman Weber. I'll give you some extra time.    In somebody's testimony, I read where the nuclear reactors we use on subs are safe because they're designed to shut down in the event of a military incident. Whose--was that yours, Dr. Gehin? Do you remember?    Chairman Weber. Okay. What kind of reactors are those? Are they light water reactors?    Chairman Weber. All right. Thank you. Reclaiming your time.    Chairman Weber. The preceding comment was an editorial statement, not necessarily reflecting the view of the management.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Lipinski.    Chairman Weber. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from Georgia is recognized.    Chairman Weber. Thank you. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized.    Chairman Weber. Would the gentleman like an additional minute?    Chairman Weber. Because I was going to take it from the gentlelady from Massachusetts.    The gentlelady from Massachusetts is recognized.    Chairman Weber. The gentlelady yields back. Ranking Member Grayson would like to ask at least one more question, so we're going to give him time to do that.    Chairman Weber. Okay. I want to thank the witnesses for their valuable testimony and the Members for their questions. The record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from the members.    This hearing is adjourned.