    Chairman BOUSTANY. Welcome to today's hearing. I will ask our witnesses to take their seats.    As chairman of the Ways and Means Human Resources Subcommittee, I am honored to welcome Chairman Conaway of the Agriculture Committee, along with Chairwoman Walorski and our colleagues from the Agriculture Nutrition Subcommittee for today's joint hearing.    In the interest of time and so we can move quickly to our witness testimony, both sides have agreed to limit members' opening statements to 3 minutes apiece.    Since we are accompanied by Chairman Conaway, we will break precedent here, and I will yield time to Chairman Conaway to make his opening statement.    You can go first, since you are set, and we will go to Chairman Ryan afterwards.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Chairman Conaway.    Now I am pleased to yield time to Chairman Ryan, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Chairman Ryan. I would like to amplify that this hearing is a very historic event. Since 1995, the Human Resources Subcommittee has held joint hearings with other committees only twice and never with our colleagues on the Agriculture Committee. It is way overdue that we approach this subject matter in this way. That is despite the wide overlap between the programs we oversee that assist millions of Americans with food stamps and other welfare benefits.    So today's hearing is long overdue and reflects the start of what I hope will be much closer cooperation ahead between our committees. What we will explore today is one of the worst side effects of current welfare program rules, the fact that getting a job or working more does not always make families better off. This poverty trap may be unintended, but for those in its grips, it is all too real.    We need to review how we got here, how real people are affected, and how we can reform the system to help people go to work and earn more instead of making them worse off when they do just that.    Consider how destructive today's anti-work signals are. We have a chart. I will put it up on the screen. This chart shows one thing we know for sure is that work, and especially full-time work, is really the only cure for poverty. Less than 3 percent of people who work full-time are poor. In contrast, people who don't work are 8 to 10 times more likely to be poor.    So promoting work is the real key to helping people avoid poverty. Benefits can and should serve as a temporary bridge between jobs or to supplement earnings when someone can find only part-time work. But unless we are willing to tolerate more poverty--and I am not--those benefits need to reinforce, not undermine the importance of work. Redesigning welfare benefits to do just that is the challenge before us.    I look forward to all the testimony and to working with Members on both sides of the aisle to find solutions to this problem.    And with that, I am happy to yield to my colleague, Mr. Doggett, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for an opening statement.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman for his statement.    I now yield time to the chairwoman of the Agriculture subcommittee, Mrs. Walorski, for the purposes of an opening statement.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentlelady.    I now yield time to the ranking member of the Agriculture subcommittee, Mr. McGovern.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman for his opening statement. Without objection, each member will have the opportunity to submit a written statement and have it included in the record at this point.    Now we will turn to our panel of witnesses. I want to remind our witnesses to limit their oral statements to 5 minutes. However, without objection, all of the written testimony will be made part of the permanent record.    This morning we will hear from Dr. Casey Mulligan, professor, Department of Economics, University of Chicago.    Next--and we are going to accommodate our next witness' schedule when she arrives, she has had a little transportation issue--we will have Chanel McCorkle of Baltimore, Maryland, accompanied by Marsha Netus, director of operations at America Works of Baltimore.    Thirdly, Erik Randolph, senior fellow, Illinois Policy Institute. Fourth, Olivia Golden, executive director, Center for Law and Social Policy. And fifth, Dr. Eugene Steuerle, senior fellow, Urban Institute.    We welcome all of you. Your testimony is going to be very helpful as we carve a path forward on this.    And so with that, Mr. Mulligan, please proceed with your testimony.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Ms. Golden.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Dr. Steuerle.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Ms. McCorkle, for sharing your story with us.    For the members, we have three votes. There are about 9\1/2\ minutes left. We are going to continue for a while longer, and then we will recess for votes when we get down a little further on the clock.    With that, Ms. Netus, you may proceed with your testimony.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Ms. Netus, because of the vote schedule, can I get you to wrap up on your oral testimony? We have your full written testimony for the record.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Ms. Netus.    I will inform members that we have just over a minute left on the vote if members do want to break out to vote. There are three votes. And when we do recess for the vote, we will come promptly back and resume the hearing.    So with that, I will begin questioning of our witnesses. We will go through a round of questions.    These programs, we have a myriad of welfare programs that have been created over a course of years. They were individually designed to help families in need. But the collective effect of this, as we have heard in testimony, can discourage people from working and make them actually financially worse off because of cliffs and the things that we have heard about.    Ms. McCorkle, your story is very compelling and very helpful to us, to give us a real-life example of what happens, because our goal is to help individuals like yourself who are trying to do the right thing, working hard day in and day out to do the right thing, taking a job, trying to get ahead, trying to improve, but we want to make sure that these programs work appropriately and don't penalize you when you try to do the right thing.    So in your opinion, how are we doing, based on your experience?    Chairman BOUSTANY. So as you were looking to go back to work, were you afraid that you might end up worse off? Did you encounter fear or were you concerned? And then once you went back to work, did you feel like, ``Well, this is not working out for me, I am worse off''? Is that the case?    Chairman BOUSTANY. Did you feel like you were in a trap?    Chairman BOUSTANY. Okay.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you. Your story is very strong. It is a very helpful story to us because it is a real-life example of what we are trying to deal with as we coordinate these programs.    Individually the intentions have been good over time to create a good safety net, but the problem is, the way these programs have interacted, I think they are not fair to individuals like yourself. And so the whole purpose of this in coordinating with the other committee is to try to figure out how we can better make these programs work for those that they are intended to help.    Dr. Steuerle, this problem, I assume you would answer yes, that this problem calls for a national answer. This is a national problem. It is Federal policy interacting with State policy. But we need certainly guidance from Congress as we clean this up.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Right. Yeah. Well, I think we are just getting started on that, and hopefully we will be able to clear up a lot of this. But then the other issue is how do you empower those closest to those in need, working with the States and people at the State level to coordinate those efforts? Because we have to do work up here, but we also have work at the State level since these are combined programs.    Chairman BOUSTANY. More of a customized casework approach perhaps, with the flexibility built in.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Yeah, Ms. Golden, quickly, because I have to run to vote here.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you.    I am going to have to recess the hearing now. We have votes. We have three votes. We will resume immediately upon concluding the last vote. So with that, the committee stands recessed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. The subcommittee will now resume proceedings. And given that I have concluded my questioning of the witnesses, I will now turn to Mrs. Walorski for questioning.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Now I yield to the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Doggett.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Now I go to Mr. McGovern.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Quickly.    Chairman BOUSTANY. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Young, you are recognized.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Next we will go to Ms. Fudge.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentlelady.    Next we will go to Mr. Davis. You are recognized.    Chairman BOUSTANY. You only have 3 minutes. Get to your questions.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Next we will go to Mr. Ashford.    Chairman BOUSTANY. The gentleman's time has expired.    We will next go to Mr. Dold. You are recognized.    Chairman BOUSTANY. The gentleman's time has expired.    Next, we will go to Ms. DelBene from Washington State.    Chairman BOUSTANY. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Meehan.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman. We will next go to Ms. Adams.    Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Chairman BOUSTANY. The gentlelady's time has expired.    We will next go to Mr. Thompson.    Chairman BOUSTANY. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Davis your are--I am sorry--Mr. Davis, you are recognized.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Please use your microphone.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Next, we will go to Mr. Crowley. You are recognized now for 3 minutes.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Next we will go to Ms. Grisham. You are recognized for 3 minutes.    Chairman BOUSTANY. You still have time.    Chairman BOUSTANY. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Ms. Noem.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Mr. Smith.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Before we close this hearing, I want to read two quotes out for the record. One is from Harvard Professor Jeff Liebman, former economic adviser to President Obama, and I quote: ``Despite the EITC and child credit, the poverty trap is still very much a reality in the U.S.,'' end quote.    And then the second quote comes from Congresswoman Gwen Moore, who during a June 2012 Human Resources Subcommittee hearing said, I quote: ``I once had a job and begged my supervisor not to give me a 50-cent-an-hour raise, lest I lose daycare,'' end quote.    The fact is, we still have poverty, the poverty trap still exists, and the problem is complicated by the fact that we have a myriad of programs that have been created over the course of years without good coordination. And so this hearing, this joint hearing is a start in trying to unravel that Gordian Knot so that we have these programs that will work best for those that they are intended to work for.    And with that, Ms. McCorkle, I think your personal story was very compelling, very helpful to us. I just want to say thank you for your courage in coming forward to present it.    I want to thank all of our witnesses for the tremendous expertise you bring to the table. And as we try to deal with this complex problem of how the program has disincentives to move into the work world, you all did a terrific job to help us shed light on these issues. I think members may have additional questions, which we will submit to you in writing, and we would appreciate your responses for the record within 2 weeks.