    Mr. McNerney. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. We are here today to hold the legislative hearing on the External Power Supply, or EPS, Improvement Act, which addresses an important issue for LED innovation, manufacturers and future investments in this exciting industry. The EPS Improvement Act would exempt electrical drivers that power solid state lighting products from the Department of Energy's energy conservation standard for external power supplies.    This targeted bill sponsored by my colleagues Renee Ellmers and Diana DeGette would amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to exclude LED drivers from standards that go into effect on February 10th of this year. Energy efficiency standards are important as they save consumers money on their energy bills and reduce greenhouse gas emissions.    It is estimated that the national appliance and equipment efficiency standards have saved, believe it or not, 5.4 quadrillion BTUs of energy in 2014 alone. The standards enacted to date will save consumers and businesses more than $1.1 trillion through 2035--I see heads nodding here--and the technology innovation spurred by these standards is critical. We need to support innovation to address climate change with energy efficiency and renewable technology.    My Grid Innovation Caucus co-chairwoman, Congresswoman Ellmers, and I believe that we must promote technologies that help us adopt to our growing energy needs and provide additional options for consumers, businesses and the economy. And we must use the energy standards in a manner that does not confuse the market. At the time the Energy Policy and Conservation Act was amended, LED drivers were an emerging technology but they still fell under the broad definition of an external power supply. LED drivers represent the next wave of lighting technology and capabilities enabling smart buildings, industry facilities and homes and reduce their costs and enhance their performance.    Investments in LED driver technology are robust and ongoing; new standards at this time could slow down additional investments. Leaving LED drivers in the EPS final rule could hinder the transition to more energy-efficient lighting in the marketplace and increase energy use and the cost for consumers.    This legislation, however, does not grant the Department of Energy the authority to prescribe energy conservation standards down the road, or it does grant--excuse me--the DOE the authority to prescribe energy conservation standards down the road so that it can implement more appropriate standards for the LED industry when the time is appropriate.    I support this EPS Improvement Act because it clarifies congressional intent by clarifying the statutory definition of external power supplies to exclude LED drivers. This measure was developed in consultation with the DOE and is supported by industry stakeholders. We should provide LED manufacturers market stability so they are able to improve technology that has already been demonstrated in its ability to increase energy efficiency in consumer and commercial applications.    I thank our witnesses for joining us today and look forward to hearing your testimony. Thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is ironic that the title ``External Power Supply'' should apply to LEDs, because when you buy an LED at the store for your home it is all internal. You don't get an external supply. Does that seem ironic to you, or am I missing something here?    Mr. McNerney. OK.    Mr. McNerney. So we are talking about the LEDs that are inside of----    Mr. McNerney. OK. Ms. Amann, are the DOE's energy conservation standards that come into effect in February inappropriately suited for regulating LED drivers?     Ms. Amann. No, I don't believe so. It was never the intention of the law, I mean, of the rule to do that. And it was just an oversight, because these products weren't available in the market at that time. And so when I say that DOE estimates there are about 345 million power supplies sold each year, those are the external power supplies like this. And that is what DOE's analysis is based on and that is what the efficiency community and manufacturers first discussed when we made a recommendation to comment on standard levels----    Mr. McNerney. Sure.    Mr. McNerney. Well, how does the rule disrupt the development of a power supply? I don't understand how an efficiency rule would disrupt the development of a better power supply.    Mr. McNerney. So the standards, I mean it is apples and oranges. They don't really apply to the same kind of technology.    Mr. McNerney. And that would really hinder the development because the investment would dry up and so on. So how does the EPS Improvement Act change that? Did I call it the right thing? How does the EPS Improvement Act change that?    Mr. McNerney. So you believe that this actually removing a standard promotes stability and confidence in the market?    Mr. McNerney. OK. All right, Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.