    Chairman Weber. Subcommittee on Energy will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of this Subcommittee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing titled ``Department of Energy Oversight: Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy.''    I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    Good afternoon, and as I have already said, welcome to today's Energy Subcommittee hearing. We are going to examine the Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, or EERE. Today, we will hear from the Department and a broad panel of expert witnesses on the value of the research, development, demonstration, and commercialization activities in EERE, and the impact DOE's clean energy programs have on the energy market and the United States economy.    EERE is the lead federal agency for clean energy research and development, with programs in transportation, renewable energy, and energy efficiency. This office is clearly a top priority for the Obama Administration, with this year's budget request coming in at $2.7 billion, which is an increase of over $800 million from enacted levels. That is a whopping 42 percent increase in one year. With our national debt at $18 trillion and rising, and mandatory spending caps guiding budgets on everything from energy to national defense, this kind of spending obviously deserves rigorous oversight from Congress. It is clear that EERE's budget is simply unaffordable. While every other federal program has had to adjust to spending caps and work within modest spending goals, EERE's budget has continued to increase. Despite a budget that has already grown by 58 percent in the last decade, and received over $16 billion, with a B, in stimulus funds, the Obama Administration continues to request more year after year. It is time to adjust EERE's budget to reality. By continuing to grow EERE spending, the Department of Energy's approach to energy research and development has also become more and more unbalanced. EERE's budget dwarfs that of the other applied offices at DOE. The $2.7 billion budget request for fiscal year 2016 is more than four times the budget request for fossil energy R&D, five times the request for nuclear energy R&D, and 16 times the request for electricity and energy reliability R&D. In fact, the proposed budget for EERE is more than double the budgets for nuclear, fossil, and electricity R&D combined.    Finally, the work prioritized by EERE is far too focused on increasing the use of today's technology, not conducting the fundamental research to lay the foundation for the next technology breakthrough. Many EERE programs are focused on reducing market barriers for existing technology or funding R&D activities already prioritized by the private sector. For example, in EERE's Vehicle Technologies program, $40 million is requested for ``cost-share projects within--with industry'' within the ``SuperTruck 2'' initiative. Funding for SuperTruck 2 is intended to improve the hauling efficiency of heavy-duty, Class 8 long-haul vehicles by 100 percent by the year 2020. But the freight industry and auto manufacturers, both billion dollar industries, already have the means and motivation to develop innovative technology to increase energy efficiency. Investing in technology to decrease costs is just good business sense, and American industry does this every day, with or without federal funds. And I might add, on the trucking freight business, I used to do some freight hauling as one of my businesses. Unless you can decrease the weight of a pound, we are in for a long wait.    Instead of duplicating work that could be done in the private sector, the Department should prioritize basic research and development with broad application to all forms of energy, and energy efficiency. Models developed in the Office of Science's ASCR program, the subject of an Energy Subcommittee hearing earlier this year, can be used to study and improve techniques in manufacturing, renewable power, and energy efficiency, enabling the private sector to develop and bring new technology into the market without American tax dollars.    I want to thank Assistant Secretary Danielson and all our witnesses for testifying to the Committee today, and I look forward to a review of EERE's programs and a discussion about the impact DOE's clean energy programs have on the economy. As some of our witnesses will point out today, subsidizing one form of energy over another through federal programs is damaging to the energy market, it increases costs for the American people, and actually is often counterproductive to new the technology development. Investment in the next generation of energy technology must be balanced, technology-neutral, and responsible. By funding basic research and development, the Department of Energy could build a foundation for the private sector to bring new innovative technologies to market, and to grow the American economy.    With that, I yield back. And, Mr. Grayson, you are recognized.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Grayson.    I now recognize the Chairman of the Full Committee, Mr. Smith.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Chairman. We appreciate you.    Let me introduce our witnesses.    Our first witness today is the Honorable David Danielson, Assistant Secretary of the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for the United States Department of Energy. Previously, he served as program director for Department of Energy's Advanced Research Projects Agency Energy, where he developed and led research and development programs. Before working at the Department of Energy, Dr. Danielson was a clean energy venture capitalist at General Catalyst Partners, and was a cofounder of the New England Clean Energy Council. Dr. Danielson received his Ph.D. in materials science and engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and his Bachelor's Degree in materials science and engineering from the University of California at Berkeley. Dr. Danielson, we are glad you are here.    Mr. Nick Loris--our second witness today is Nick Loris, a Herbert and Joyce Morgan Fellow for the Heritage Foundation. Mr. Loris specializes on energy, environmental and regulatory issues. He has been published and quoted in such publications as the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the Washington Post, Investor's Business Daily, and the Baltimore Sun. Before being named a Morgan Fellow, Mr. Loris was a policy analyst specializing in energy and environmental issues. Mr. Loris received his Masters in economics from George Mason University, and his Bachelor's Degree in economics, finance and political science from Albright College. Mr. Loris, welcome.    Our third witness is Ms. Ruth McCormick, the Director of Federal and State Affairs for the Business Council for Sustainable Energy. Ms. McCormick has over 25 years of experience in energy and environmental policy development. Prior to joining the council, Ms. McCormick represented the Western Regional Council, a coalition of businesses in the western United States. In addition, Ms. McCormick served as the legislative director for House Energy and Commerce Committee member Congressman Nielson. Ms. McCormick is a graduate of the University of Uhah--Utah. I can do this.    And Dr. Veronique, you told me it was okay, de Rugy. Am I saying that right?    Dr. de Rugy. de Rugy.    Chairman Weber. de Rugy, okay, good. A senior--is our next witness, a Senior Research Fellow for the Mercatus Center at George Mason University, with a focus on the U.S. economy, the federal budget, homeland security, and tax competition and financial privacy. In addition, Dr. de Rugy writes regular columns for Reason Magazine and the Washington Examiner, and she blogs about economics and National Review Online's The Corner. Previously, Dr. de Rugy has been a Resident Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a policy analyst at the Cato Institute, and a Research Fellow at the Atlas Economic Research Foundation. Before moving to the United States, she oversaw academic programs in France for the Institute for Humane Studies Europe. Dr. de Rugy received her MA in economics from the Paris Dauphine University, and her Ph.D. in economics from the Pantheon-Sorbonne University. Welcome, Doctor.    In order to allow time for discussion, we ask the witnesses to please limit your testimony to five minutes. And without objection, your entire written statement will be made a part of the record.    And I now recognize Dr. Danielson for five minutes to present his testimony. Doctor.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Danielson.    Mr. Loris, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Loris.    Ms. McCormick?    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Ms. McCormick.    Dr. de Rugy.    Dr. de Rugy. Good afternoon, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, Members of this Subcommittee. My name is Veronique de Rugy. I am a Senior Research Fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University where I study tax and budget issues.    So for decades now, policymakers have tried to expand the federal role in developing alternative energy technology and move the economy away from oil, gas and coal. While I agree that we shouldn't subsidize fossil fuels, we should not subsidize green energy either. I would like to highlight three reasons for that.    First, even with the best of intentions, nobody knows which particular energy sources will make the most sense down the road. This level of uncertainty is not unique to the energy industry. Every industry faces similar issues of innovation in a rapidly changing world. In most industries, the policy solution is to allow the decentralized market efforts of entrepreneurs and early adopting consumers to figure out the best route to the future.    Second, government efforts to push markets in certain directions has real cost. Some of these costs are very visible, such as the $5 billion spent since 2009 on the Weatherization Assistance Program, which was found to be incredibly wasteful by federal auditors, riddled with corruption and questionable work, all this at the expense of taxpayers. But not all these costs are visible either. For instance, government subsidies to particular technology or industries can also delay the development of superior alternatives that don't receive subsidies, and that is because when the government invests in an area, it tends to shift resources in the private sector and the capital market away from unsubsidized projects, towards subsidized project, and that independently of the merits of the project.    Third, the federal government's track record for picking winners in industries and technology is very bad. The Department of Energy has subsidized more than its share of failed projects. Also, the projects that do not fail often we find are subsidizing companies that did not need the help in the first place, and tend to be very well connected politically. The Department of Energy's 1705 Loan Program is a good example of the gap that exists between what the program's proponents claim it will achieve, and what it actually achieves. So I am going to focus on 1705, but actually, my findings pretty much apply to every other government programs that we are talking about here.    These policies were put in place under the claim that renewable energy companies do not have access to sufficient credit to support new projects. However, when you look at the data, nearly 90 percent of the loans went to companies that were backed by giant, well-connected companies like NRG Energy Company and Goldman Sachs. It is very hard to imagine that these projects and these companies would not have access to capital, absent the 1705 loan. This program is also a good example of government favoring two distinct interest groups at the expense of taxpayers. First, in this case it is a loan guarantee, the lenders who shift the risk away from them, if they pick a program that ends up defaulting. Second, interest group, the companies that borrow at very beneficial terms and rates, especially compared to their competition. But while banks and companies that receive the guarantee get the upside of the program, taxpayers bear the risk and shoulder the burden when companies such as Solyndra and Abound Solar go under and default on their loans.    So while the data on 1705 Loan Program speaks for itself, the problem is actually much bigger. Like most government interventions, these programs create serious and systemic distortions in the market. These distortions create the conditions for businesses to maximize profits by pleasing political interests, rather than by pleasing consumers. This is called cronyism and it entails enormous and most often unseen economic costs. The tragedy is that despite the evidence, lawmakers don't get rid of these programs. They are more likely to respond to pressure from vested interest than to taxpayers who are unlikely to realize how much they pay directly and indirectly for it.    To conclude, I don't pretend to know what America's energy future will look like, and while I am all in favor of green energy, we have over six decades of research on government decision-making that shows that the sensible solution is often to leave these activities outside of the purview of government. It is not a loss, but a gain for government. Not only will it prevent the type of government failures we have been talking about, it will also allow government to focus on its core competency, providing public goods, and protecting human and property rights.    Thank you.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. de Rugy.    We are going to start with the questions portion. I will recognize myself for five minutes.    Dr. Danielson, the Administration often explains EERE's large budget by describing the office in three major categories, and I think you went through them, transportation, renewable power, and energy efficiency. By the way, I own an air conditioning company, I have for 34 years, so I am--energy efficiency is something that we deal with frequently, power requirements and those types of things. But even after dividing the EERE budget into these three categories, each category exceeds the allocation for nuclear or fossil energy research and development. Now, Dr. de Rugy made the comment that no one knows going into the future with certainty what is going to be the best form of energy, and while, you know, our crystal--my crystal ball doesn't work, apparently the battery is ran down, didn't have enough energy, I have to say the nuclear is probably a good possibility. So each category exceeds the allocation for nuclear or fossil energy research and development in the fiscal year 2016 budget request, with transportation actually funded at $793 million, renewable power funded at $645 million, and energy efficiency at $1 billion in the proposal. By contrast, fossil energy R&D is $560 million, nuclear energy R&D is $482 million, and each individual account in EERE is more than either one. In fact, the proposed budget for EERE is almost two times, as I said in my opening statement, more than the budgets for nuclear, fossil and electricity R&D combined.    Do you think, and you--I mean you say that those three offices combined, as it were, you heard the figures, do you think this represents a balanced, all-of-the-above approach to energy research and development, and do you believe these EERE programs are more valuable to the American economy than research on our electric grid, fossil energy or nuclear energy R&D? And I will let you answer.    Chairman Weber. Okay, but aren't you quoting the figures for the whole office, not just the R&D portion?    Chairman Weber. Okay, but we are wanting to compare the R&D portions of that spending.    Chairman Weber. Well, let me get to my second question. Considering that the budget has grown, as I said earlier, 58 percent in the last decade, what successes would you--what reasons would you point to to tell us why the office needs to grow another 42 percent?    Chairman Weber. I don't mean to cut you off. I get that but, of course, obviously, with our deficit and the way the economy is now, then we ought to really, really be focused on as much cost-cutting as we are about to have some super expenses.    Mr. Loris, would you agree with his thoughts on the fact that the--this is an above--you know, all-of-the-above approach?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Ms. McCormick?    Chairman Weber. Turn your--there you go.    Chairman Weber. Irrespective of an $18 trillion deficit?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Dr. de Rugy, how about you, do you agree with Dr. Danielson?    Dr. de Rugy. I mean I actually think--I agree that--with Nick that it is not the role--the proper role of the federal government, and a lot of the time when we talk about the benefit of a given program, it is because we actually don't look at the net cost. We don't look at the jobs that are actually lost, the impact on competition. We don't look at, you know, we don't look at a lot of things, so these benefits are--happen as if they have happened in a vacuum.    Chairman Weber. All right. Thank you for that. I am past my time. I am going to yield to the Ranking Member, Mr. Grayson of Florida.    Chairman Weber. The gentleman yields back.    And now recognize the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Newhouse.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Newhouse. We will carry that over for next hearing.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Lipinski.    Chairman Weber. Is the gentleman requesting that question be read into the record or made a part of the record?    Chairman Weber. Yes, absolutely, without a doubt.    Chairman Weber. Okay, thank you.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Massie.    Chairman Weber. Gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Veasey, is recognized.    Chairman Weber. Well, good. Will you credit that to the gentleman from Washington's account?    Chairman Weber. Okay.    Chairman Weber. Thank you.    Chairman Weber. And the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter, is recognized.    Chairman Weber. The gentleman yields back.    And we appreciate the witnesses and their testimony. In closing today's hearing, I do want to say that I hope we draw attention to the fact that there has been a huge 42 percent increase requested by the Administration in the budget which, in today's hard economic times, is going to be very, very tough, so I hope we have served to at least outline and discuss that back and forth. Thank you for your valuable testimony. Thank you for sitting through our questions. Thank the Members for their questions. The record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from Members.    The hearing is adjourned.