    Dr. Blechman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Cooper, members of the subcommittee. This is a good opportunity.    I have a rather different view than my colleagues in this project and I will briefly summarize it.    Now, in my view, U.S. security benefits by seeking to minimize the importance and roles of nuclear weapons in the perceptions and actions of foreign leaders. For the United States, nuclear weapons serve only to deter nuclear attacks on ourselves and on our allies.    Maintaining U.S. conventional superiority is the key to U.S. security, and our nuclear weapon programs harm this by raising the prospect of false alternatives, such as being able to fight controlled nuclear wars, and by their direct effects on budgets and on the training of U.S. military personnel.    So in summary, I believe the U.S. should work diplomatically to constrain nukes as circumstances permit, adopt policies and doctrines and work politically to strengthen the nuclear taboo and adjust force posture and modernization programs to reduce expenditures.    Our security depends mainly on political leadership, on diplomacy, and on our economic instruments of power, private and public. And it also depends on our conventional superiority, which is due to the scale and longevity of our investments and advanced technologies and systems on the size of our forces and on the quality and training of our people.    We can't do everything with military force, but we can defeat any conventional threat we face currently. China and Russia are making advances, but I believe the U.S. should be able to maintain superiority if our citizens remain willing to allocate sufficient resources. And I would be happy to debate this point during the questions.    Maintaining our technological and quantitative conventional edge should be our highest priority. And this will be hampered increasingly by the bow wave of nuclear spending that we are facing in the next decade.    In my view, the primary goal of our nuclear policy should be the elimination of nuclear weapons from all nations. I recognize this is not going to be achieved until many, many political conflicts are resolved and may never be achieved, but it is certainly a goal that I think should be a vision that should be underneath our policies.    Until elimination becomes feasible, if it ever does, the U.S. should, one, stress a firm commitment to nuclear retaliation for any nuclear attack, be clear that any nuclear attack on the U.S. or our ally will result in retaliation no matter how small the yield of the attack, no matter what the target might be or whatever the range of the launcher which was used to fire the weapon, but we should also make clear that this deterrent role is the only purpose of U.S. weapons.    Deterrence, in my mind, depends not on nuclear capabilities, but on boots on the ground. If we are concerned about the possibility of Russian incursion in the Baltic states, we should and I believe we should greatly improve NATO's presence on the ground in those countries so that the Russians never come to the misperception that they can perform a fait accompli before NATO can respond to that. And there are ideas around to put the equipment, pre-deploy equipment, for U.S. armored brigades in those countries, and I strongly support those ideas as well as related things.    So the implications of this policy for U.S. nuclear forces are, one, as the current generation ages out I believe we can reduce the number of our forces unilaterally. I think we should maintain a triad, but that could be reduced to perhaps 8 to 10 submarines, to 2 Minuteman wings with only modest investments can be maintained viable until the 2040s.    I believe we should put a high emphasis, high priority on the new bomber, primarily for its conventional role, but also for a nuclear role. I think we should phase out tactical nuclear weapons as their service lives expire, because there is nothing those weapons can accomplish that could not be accomplished by a long-range strategic bomber armed with a variable-yield weapon.    And finally, I think we should divert the resources we save by making those reductions to our conventional capabilities, particularly command and control survivability, which I agree with Bridge on that, on continued R&D on defenses, missile defenses, and deploying such defenses as the technologies mature, and on cyber and EW capabilities and on advanced conventional technologies.    Thank you very much.    Dr. Blechman. I would just note that I think we are already seeing the effects of the greater burden of nuclear modernization on the budget. I noticed that in the $5 billion reduction that was necessitated by the budget agreement, there were substantial cuts in Army readiness, which is not a choice that I would make.    I think far more important than the full extent of the nuclear modernization program is to ensure that our ground forces and other conventional forces are as ready and as capable as they might be.    Dr. Blechman. Yes, thank you. Well, my arguments are several fold. One, the idea that we can fight controlled nuclear wars is based on theology. It has never happened, no one knows what would happen once a nuclear weapon is used. And the notion that we can only match a nuclear weapon with a like kind of nuclear weapon is, to me, it is not based on any empirical fact, it is ideas. And they have their ideas and I have a different idea.    For example, if there were, say, a conventional conflict in Estonia, that NATO had built up its conventional forces there, the Russians intervened nonetheless, there was a big conventional war, the Russians facing conventional defeat used a nuclear weapon, the U.S. could respond with a nuclear weapon delivered by a B-1 bomber, which perhaps previously had been deployed to Europe, with a variable yield. And there is no reason to think, in my mind, that such a response would not be just as compelling as being able to respond with a tactical weapon delivered by a fighter jet.    In fact, I would have doubts as to whether the current tactical fighters would be able to penetrate the Russian air defenses to deliver that weapon, and also that the European crews would be authorized by their governments to deliver those weapons.    So I think we are much better off depending on our strategic forces. So that was a view shared by the former Air Force Chief of Staff General Schwartz, for example.    Dr. Blechman. Yes, sir, you are correct. If the U.S. does not maintain conventional superiority, then we would have to look at alternative strategies.    However, for my sins, I have worked on defense issues in Washington for 51 years now, and I have seen threats inflated at least three times over that period. Yes, Russia is making some progress, much less than China. And yes, China is making substantial progress.    But if you look at Chinese technological capabilities or the size of their forces, it doesn't compare to what the U.S. already has publicly and what we are building for the future.    Dr. Blechman. Well, I think this is an area where our commercial, where our private sector can make the largest contribution. And we are seeing increasing competition for developing space-launch capabilities in the private sector. And this committee can encourage the Air Force and the Department of Defense to open competition for launching satellites.    There has been some limitations placed on that in the past. And things are changing a little bit, but they can be encouraged to move more quickly so that these companies have the incentives to invest their own funds and to push their technologies as fast as they can.    Dr. Blechman. Well, let me say first that I do think we need to respond strongly to the Russian violation of the INF Treaty, not by doing anything to violate the START agreement, but I think it is essential that they be held to account to treaties that they are parties do.    On the question of eliminating the tactical weapons, I don't believe that the European allies are likely to authorize their crews to be the first ones to deliver a nuclear weapon in the event the Russians use a nuclear weapon in a conflict in Eastern Europe. I think we can get ourselves in a terrible political bind in such a situation.    Now, I believe we should depend on our strategic forces, our long-range bomber, and I certainly support the new long-range bomber as a very high priority, and we can deliver the B61 bomb which has a variable yield with the long-range bomber perhaps based forward in Europe, but not necessarily, and be much more confident that, one, it would penetrate the Russian air defenses and, two, that the political decision would be made in that situation.    Dr. Blechman. I don't believe so. I think that we have more than enough weapons to deter a Russian attack on the United States or on any of our allies. I think we can go down to, I don't know what the number is, 1,200, 1,000, weapons and still have more than enough destructive capability that the Russians would be crazy to attack us or our allies.    I think deterrence depends lots more on demonstration of political will and leadership and on the conventional forces and the knowledge of the adversary that if they take a threatened action they will confront American military forces and allied military forces on the ground. That is what I think deterrence depends on.