    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here today.    As I am looking at the AUMF, it says the use of special operations forces to take military action against ISIL leadership--and again, this is a proposed AUMF--does that include capture or is it kill only?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. So, you know, my question is, we talk about capture and the use of all of our tenets of war, whether it is diplomatic, intelligence, military, economic--all those things. You know, I have some visions of how we could form multiple coalitions--our NATO -type coalition and Middle Eastern coalition. Then we work together with command and control. This is good versus evil. I think that is the message the world should hear.    And, you know, when it comes to holding, though, you know, I have some ideas about holding those we capture and how we try them and how we involve maybe the nation of incident, whether it is ISIL or the global war on terror, how we involve the nation of incident and the nation of origin. And are they going to be part of the process of those that we capture.    So my question is, if we capture, what do we do with them?    Dr. Wenstrup. Have we been capturing anyone? Have we been capturing anyone in the last couple of years? Or especially since we reengaged in Iraq?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay, so what are we doing----    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. So our special forces, for example, you say their mission is to capture or kill. And so if we capture, what are we doing with them?    Dr. Wenstrup. So, Mr. Secretary, are we capturing and then hands-off, we just turn them over? Are we involved with what may happen? The collection of intelligence is what I am after here. And so, what are we doing? And if you can't answer, maybe General Dempsey can, what our current posture is under this----    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, I appreciate that answer.    Can I ask you, if you could, Mr. Secretary, to finish this sentence for me.    And the sentence is, publicly stating that we will not use ground troops, although I may agree with the policy of using other troops, but publicly stating that we will not use ground troops is a good idea because--    If you could finish that sentence for me?    Dr. Wenstrup. I am wondering why we want in our AUMF to say what--that we will not use this entity that we have?    Why is----    Dr. Wenstrup. Even if I am not in favor of using them, why would we say that?    Dr. Wenstrup. That doesn't really explain to me why it is a good idea. But I thank you for your answer and I yield back.    The Chairman. Mrs. Walorski.