    Mr. Sherman. Much of our U.S. Government is doing an outstanding job. Some agencies aren't. I have an example that may beat the ones of our witnesses, an example where giving money to terrorists is not only easy; it is tax deductible.    In 2009, I brought to the attention of the IRS that an organization called the IFCO, which was a 501(c)(3) organization, had on its Web site, ``Give us the money and we will give it to Viva Palestinia and then Viva Palestinia will give it to Hamas.''    It took them 4 years to take it seriously. Then, in October 2013, the organization put on its Web site the IRS report as to why the organization should lose its tax-exempt status and used it as a fundraising device, saying, ``Look, the IRS doesn't like us. Give us more money. We will give it to Hamas.''    And even today, somebody who looks at the list of organizations to which they can give tax-exempt contributions, can give it to the IFCO. So I think just the fact that we make it a little easy for the terrorists, I have you beat. We make it tax-deductible.    Remittances: a lot of ordinary Americans want to send money to Somalia to their relatives. Would it make sense for the United States to green-list licensed organizations where if you give them the money, the money will go to an individual Somali relative?    Now, of course, there is always a possibility that your relative has been seduced by terrorist propaganda and gives some of the money to terrorists. But at least, if the money gets to the relative of an American, does it make sense for the United States Government to give Americans an avenue where they can feel relatively safe?    Do we have a witness who wants to answer that?    Mr. Barrett?    Mr. Sherman. Yes.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    I want to move on to another issue, ISIL and the Iraqi government. One of the best ways ISIL has financed its uppermost successful way is seizing a lot of currency. What various countries have done is they have issued new currency, replacing old bank notes with new bank notes. This is incredibly inconvenient for criminals and corrupt politicians, say in Baghdad, just as it would invalidate the bank notes stolen at the Mosul regional bank by ISIL.    First, does anyone here have a good estimate as to the value of the bank notes seized by ISIL? I have heard various reports. I don't see anybody--    Mr. Sherman. You would hope that the Iraqi government would at least know the gold and currency it had in its bank before its American armed troops turned tail and ran and left the money for ISIL. But it goes beyond that.    The government is paying salaries to bureaucrats in Mosul, and that money is freely taken by ISIL. It is my understanding--and I would like Mr. Barrett or any other witness to respond--that the Iraqi government is sending electricity into Mosul free and then ISIL gets to collect from the utility users. And I get conflicting arguments or propaganda--well, I don't want to use the word ``propaganda,'' ``spin'' from our government.    Half of the time the Iraqi government is boasting that they are undermining ISIL's support by making it impossible for ISIL to provide good governance, and the other half of the time they are saying, ``We care about the people governed by ISIL and want to make sure their lives are comfortable.''    Finally, there is the oil that the Professor spoke about, the oil wells. It is hard to--we can bomb the oil wells. We have chosen to not do that because we want to make sure that Mosul motorists are not inconvenienced.    Mr. Sherman. Professor, I know they are bombing the mobile refineries. I have asked about bombing the oil wells. We didn't hesitate to bomb factories in France in 1941 and 1942 when we were serious.    I yield back.