    Mr. Wenk. Chairman Rouzer, Members of the Subcommittee, the U.S. Chamber is taking part in today's important hearing as co-chair, alongside the NAM (National Association of Manufacturers) of the COOL Reform Coalition. Launched 1 year ago, the COOL Reform Coalition includes companies and associations from a wide variety of sectors, including agriculture, agrifood and manufacturing that are advocating for U.S. compliance with obligations it has undertaken in the WTO agreements relating to the topic of this hearing.    COOL requirements are common and are often fully compatible with WTO agreements; however, an unambiguous series of rulings by WTO panels has recognized the U.S. COOL rule for muscle cuts of meat imposes real economic costs on the meat industry by forcing segregation of cattle and hogs, and requiring costly tracking systems and record-keeping. By imposing new costs exclusively on Canadian and Mexican producers has a discriminatory trade impact. This dispute has been unfolding for years and is now entering its final stage.    Why does this matter? Canada and Mexico are by far the largest markets for U.S. exports. Trade with our neighbors has reached $1.3 trillion annually. U.S. merchandise exports to Canada and Mexico rose by 66 percent over the past 5 years, topping $550 billion last year.    As noted, the COOL Reform Coalition is seeking U.S. compliance with its obligation under the WTO agreements. Our coalition is building on years of work by a variety of organizations representing ranchers, farmers, and food and agriculture businesses impacted by the COOL rule for muscle cuts of meat. Broad industry groups such as the Chamber have joined the debate over COOL to signal our concern about the broad impact retaliation could have on a wide variety of industries, including many well removed from agriculture. The Governments of Canada and Mexico have indicated they are fully prepared to proceed with WTO authorized retaliation against U.S. exports of agricultural, agrifood, and manufactured goods as soon as this summer, pending the outcome of the final appeal.    WTO-authorized retaliation by these two vital trading partners could result in billions of dollars of losses across multiple sectors. Many U.S.-made products will be subject to the steep tariffs that would effectively bar them from Canadian and Mexican markets.    A consensus has emerged that Congressional action is required to avert retaliation, and time for Congress to do so is running out. The WTO appellate body will release its final ruling no later than May 18, at which time it will be made public. Expert opinion is unanimous. This last ruling will confirm the U.S. is violating obligations it has undertaken as the member of the WTO. Over the past several years, the avenues open to the United States to avoid retaliation have dwindled. Our coalition proposed and advocated for several approaches, which are no longer feasible. Given the period of as little as 60 days between the announcement of the final ruling in May, and retaliation by Canada and Mexico, the only way to avert costly retaliation is for Congress to approve legislation repealing the COOL rule for muscle cuts of meat. For these reasons, the Chamber strongly urges Congress to move swiftly to approve legislation repealing the COOL requirements for muscle cuts of meat due to the imminent and all but certain adverse ruling by the WTO appellate body in May. Failure to do so would cost tens of thousands of American jobs, and jeopardize mutually beneficial trade relationships with our two closest neighbors and largest export markets.    The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and members of the COOL Reform Coalition appreciate the Committee's attention to this vital matter, and look forward to working with this Committee to reach this goal.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Mr. Wenk. Yes, we do.    The Chairman. Thank you very much.    I now recognize Mr. Costa for any questions he may have.    Mr. Wenk. Well, thanks, Congressman. This is a dark cloud that is forming over U.S. exporters right now, and that is very much why this hearing today is very timely. And as I said in my testimony, we believe that the way forward right now is for Congress to move forward on legislation to repeal the COOL rule for muscle cuts of meat. And just in Washington, sir, if you look at our website, www.COOLReform.com, you will see that there are several products in your state that could be impacted by retaliatory tariffs; apples, cherries, pears, potatoes, video game consoles, to name a few. So this is a very urgent topic, sir, and it is having an impact, and it is a dark cloud that is forming over our exporters right now.    Mr. Wenk. I completely concur. The reality is that we don't have a lot of time, Congressman, we are not in the driver's seat right now. We are days away from a final WTO ruling, so that is why it is urgent that Congress acts.    Mr. Wenk. I would just----