    Mr. Bivens. Thank you.    Mr. Bivens. I thank the Members of the Committee, and particularly the Chair and the Ranking Member, for the invitation to testify today. I am the Research and Policy Director of the Economic Policy Institute, and I am also a macroeconomist by training, which means I have a pretty decent grasp on what the best research indicates are the drivers of overall trends in job creation and wage growth.    This research is clear that regulatory changes at the Federal level are not primary drivers of these trends; and this finding applies both to the long historical record, as well as to recent economic history, for example, during the recovery from the Great Recession, a recovery that officially began in mid-2009.    Over the course of this recovery, there is really little evidence that a surge in excess regulation has held back either job growth or wage growth. Perhaps the clearest evidence of this can simply be seen by looking at the profitability performance of the U.S. business sector since the recovery began. The case that some regulatory surge since 2009 has strangled businesses' ability to expand really should rest on evidence that regulations are making production less profitable. But production has not become less profitable for American business since 2009. Both pre- and post-tax profit margins have essentially matched 50-year highs during the latest recovery.    And so, there is very little evidence that lack of profitability or anything about regulations imposing excess costs on businesses could really be holding back employment growth in today's U.S. economy; and people have noted that employment growth has not really been held back. We have had 71 straight months of private sector job growth. The one really clear weakness in job growth during the current recovery is the public sector.    Federal, state, and local governments have actually shed jobs about two-and-a-half percent over the course of the recovery, in very stark contrast to any other postwar recovery. In the recoveries in the early 1980's and early 2000's, public sector jobs grew by about 11 and 5 percent, respectively. So, it is really hard to see any fingerprints of excess regulation stunting job growth over the past 7 years.    You know, this is not to suggest that no rule ever cannot be disruptive to any community. If the argument is that regulations with net benefits should be accompanied by measures to ensure that no specific set of communities bear a disproportionate burden of the gross costs, that is a very worthy conversation to have. That is unfortunately not the conversation that we generally have about regulation.    Turning to wage growth, it is clear there is a genuine problem in the American economy. The bottom 70 percent of the wage distribution has seen essentially stagnant growth in hourly pay over about the last three decades. That includes the period in the late 1990's where wages were actually pretty good, when labor markets got very tight.    But the problem with stagnant wage growth certainly did not begin in 2009. Hourly wages for the bottom 70 percent were stagnant over the economic recovery that preceded the Great Recession. And hourly pay for the typical worker has actually steadily fallen behind growth in economy-wide productivity since the late 1970's. And this wedge between economy-wide productivity growth and hourly pay for the typical worker has been driven, in large part, by regulatory retreat, not regulatory overreach.    The fallout from the Great Recession is the clearest cause of stagnant wage growth recently. This recession was caused, as Rob mentioned, largely by the failure of regulators to check access in the financial sector.    Besides the regulatory failure that contributed to the Great Recession, the stagnation of hourly pay has been driven by intentional policy decisions, lots of regulatory decisions that took away traditional leverage mechanisms for low- and moderate-wage workers. The value of the Federal minimum wage was allowed to erode for excessively long periods of time without Congress raising it. The playing field was not kept level between willing workers who wanted to form a union and employers who were trying to block such efforts.    Federal protections guaranteeing the right to overtime pay were allowed to really stagnate as the salary threshold was not updated for inflation. Lack of enforcement in wages and hours has made wage theft rampant for low-wage workers. I would say American workers really do have real wage problems, but they do not have much to do with any alleged excessive regulations passed in recent years.    And I would echo the call that the regulatory debate in turn should hinge on the pros and cons of specific regulations, and not rely on sweeping claims about some bundled, homogenous mass of regulatory changes that are allegedly driving economy-wide trends in job and wage growth.    And with that, I thank you for your attention. I am happy to answer questions.    Mr. Bivens. Yep, there definitely is. There is also jobs created by regulatory changes as well.    Mr. Bivens. And for places that do energy efficiency to meet these same regulations that are affecting energy----    Mr. Bivens. Not at the economy-wide level. There is definitely some shuffling of jobs. You do have some negative impacts in some sectors of the economy that are counterbalanced by positive impacts elsewhere. But aggregate trends--no, regulatory changes are just not a primary driver.    Mr. Bivens. If I could, really quickly. I mean, a couple people have said it now: the claim that the jobs created by regulatory changes are in D.C. There is no evidence that they show up in D.C. And in fact, if you look over the past recovery, it is the public sector that has been really weak in job creation, historically weak in job creation, while the private sector has done very well.    So, you take the environmental regulations we have talked about. The jobs created through regulatory changes--they are construction workers retrofitting buildings and weatherizing them. It is people who manufacture and install renewable capacity; some people bringing forward natural gas capacity sooner than it would otherwise. It is not jobs in D.C. They are entirely outside.