    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you, sir. Good morning. Chairmen Upton, Whitfield, Ranking Members Pallone and Rush, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify today on the reauthorization of the U.S. Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration's pipeline safety program.    PHMSA operates in a dynamic and challenging atmosphere. The demand for our work has increased as has the complexity and scope of our mission and responsibilities. The development of new energy resources, advancements in technology, and the use of hazardous materials in everyday products impact transportation safety.    Recent incidents and increased public awareness and sensitivity to safety hazards and environmental consequences have resulted in increased scrutiny of the agency and it demands that we become proactive, innovative, and forward-looking in all that we do.    Addressing the mandates in the Pipeline Safety Act of 2011 is a priority of PHMSA. The Act included 42 new congressional mandates to advance PHMSA's safety mission and we have completed 26 of those mandates to date.    Since I was appointed last summer, we have made progress in addressing four outstanding rulemakings, including publishing a final rule on pipeline damage prevention programs and proposed rulemakings on expanding the use of excess flow valves in distribution pipelines, as well as operator qualification, cost recovery, and accident notification, and a significant rule addressing safety of hazardous liquid pipelines.    We are currently and actually, I just got news this morning, that OMB has completed its review and we are planning on publishing within the next couple of weeks gas transmission, the gas transmission rule which has been outstanding.    Congress has made investments in PHMSA, providing 100 new positions for the pipeline safety program in the last year. And we have filled over 91 percent of these positions.    Moving forward, we must continue to utilize the investments Congress has provided wisely. Over the past 6 months, I have worked to better understand PHMSA's strengths, capability gaps, and areas for improvement. We have undertaken an organizational assessment that evaluated the agency's structure and processes. This assessment provided PHMSA's leadership team deeper insight into an organization where safety is a personal value for all of our talented and dedicated employees. And it also highlighted critical investment areas.    As a result, PHMSA has updated its strategic framework, recognizing the need to improve our capacity to leverage data and economic analysis, to promote continuous improvement in safety performance through the establishment of safety-management systems, both within the agency and across the industry, and by creating a division that will support consistency in mission execution. This new framework called PHMSA 2021 was directly informed by PHMSA employees and will allow us to be more predictive, consistent, and responsive as we fulfill our mission in protecting people and the environment by advancing the safe transportation of energy and other hazardous materials that are essential to the daily lives of all Americans.    PHMSA 2021 will allow us to better prioritize our work and be proactive in informing, planning, and execution. It will also allow us to be more predictive in our efforts to mitigate future safety issues and to implement data-driven, risk-based inspections, leading our regulated communities in a direction that powers our economy, cultivates innovation, and prioritizes safety.    Thank you for continuing to invest in PHMSA. I look forward to continuing to work with the Congress to reauthorize PHMSA's pipeline safety program and I would be pleased to answer any questions.    Ms. Dominguez. It is a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking.    Ms. Dominguez. That is one of the outstanding mandates.    Ms. Dominguez. Right now there are 16. If we address the gas transmission rule that addresses several different sections of the Pipeline Act of 2011. And as I said, that will be addressed in the coming weeks.    Ms. Dominguez. I was confirmed in August of last year.    Ms. Dominguez. Well, having worked at PHMSA, I can tell you that first and foremost the employees of PHMSA are incredibly dedicated to our safety mission. And the safety mission encompasses hazardous materials and pipelines. And I can tell you that that level of dedication extends across the board to every aspect of our rulemaking, our inspection process, and our enforcement regime that we undertake as an agency. Pipelines is one aspect of that. It is a mode of transportation for hazardous materials that we regulate. We take our mission very seriously and look to make sure that we are continuously working to improve that framework for safety.    Ms. Dominguez. I think we have opportunity, given the 2011 requirements to continue to enhance safety. I think in particular the two rules that we have been working on most aggressively in the last 6 months certainly that I have personally engaged on are first the hazardous liquid rule, and second, this gas transmission rule. Both of those were requirements from the 2011 act and are very significant to actually improving the safety of both gas and liquid transmission. And they expand some of the requirements that will certainly enhance safety and we believe lead to greater protections across the board for people and the environment.    Ms. Dominguez. We have had a chance to review the language that was published by the committee. I would be happy to work with the committee moving forward on how to best frame that provision, that particular provision. But obviously, there are provisions for citizens to have the right to sue, whether it is the Federal Government or private entities.    Ms. Dominguez. Yes.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Administrator Dominguez, last week we had a very informative and inspirational meeting in my office. We briefly discussed the process for hiring talent for PHMSA, the challenges that PHMSA faced when competing against the private sector, and I think that some of your insights need to be shared with the members of this subcommittee regarding some of the challenges and some of the possible remedies to help the agency attract top candidates to help you accomplish and achieve your mission.    And in your comments, would you include your thoughts about Mr. Green's proposal and whether or not this speaks towards the issue? Give us some insight into your challenges?    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you, sir. I believe you are referring to the ability for PHMSA to do direct hire. And the committee is certainly taking that up in their draft legislation. And I very much appreciate it.    The Congress has been incredibly generous in providing funds to PHMSA. Over the last year alone we were provided 122 new positions to the agency. One hundred nine of those positions went directly to the pipeline safety program. And we have been working diligently to try and fill those as quickly as possible. We are at about a 91 percent fill rate right now. But I will tell you that it is difficult to compete against the private sector in particular. Everyone is going after great talent in this country and the provision that has been provided on direct hire authority would greatly assist us regardless of what the market is in making sure that we can bring on folks in a timely way. And the federal process is such that direct hire authority would definitely assist us in making sure that we are able to access the folks with the talent and skills to work in these critical jobs.    Mr. Rush. And so let me move on to another matter. What role should Congress play in helping to address the issue of replacing the nation's aging pipeline infrastructure? As you know, at one point during the negotiations of the larger energy bill last year, this subcommittee discussed the idea of creating a grant program to help mitigate the cost of replacing these aging pipelines for low-income families. Unfortunately, that program was scrapped.    What do you believe is the proper role that Congress should play in this debate? Should the role of Congress be one of providing for national support, offering guidance, lessening minimal safety standards or something else entirely?    Ms. Dominguez. I believe that the role of the Congress is to make sure that we provide the most stringent opportunity for safety in the pipeline area. And so the TAG grants that you are referring to, the Technical Assistance Grants that the states have offered are truly valuable investments to local communities. And they have helped educate communities on safety pipeline issues. They have helped emergency responders across the board. And PHMSA, I believe, has employed some very good internal controls on how we actually use those programs we have reviewed and our processes are such that how we award them and how they are actually administered is a good way forward. So we appreciated the provisions that were provided and they have clearly done good work in communities.    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you for the question. We have, as I noted, we have been aggressively hiring and the opportunity right now, we have been able to fill about 91 percent of our positions. That said, as we bring people on board, we have a very rigorous training program that we have rehabbed and literally put in place. It is a boot camp of sorts, not only just for our new inspectors, but the states are also doing a lot of hiring as well. And the state inspectors are also participating in this training. It is being conducted at our Training and Qualifications Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. We just hired a new director over the course of the last 6 months. He comes with a great deal of experience in this field. And as inspectors are deployed, they will have some of the latest and greatest tools at their dispense to use.    Ms. Dominguez. As I noted in my opening statement, the prioritization of the 2011 mandates is something we take extremely seriously at PHMSA and completing those mandates is truly a priority. That said, there is always emerging risk that needs to be addressed. And so I appreciate the opportunity to work with the Congress to complete the mandates, but we also need to be in a position to address any emerging risk as it does appear.    Ms. Dominguez. Well, I thank you for the investment that has been made by the Congress thus far. We are going to continue to make sure that we are using those resources wisely. Part of what we are doing is making sure that we are structuring the agency for that level of success as well. And some of the investment is to actually make sure that we are creating opportunities inside the agency to be more forward looking, proactive, data-driven, and improve our economic analysis and data analysis so that our rulemaking is as strong as it possibly can be and meet the requirements.    Ms. Dominguez. I am terribly sorry, sir. Can you repeat the question, please?    Ms. Dominguez. So we take our inspection process very seriously. And one of the things that is presently part of our requirement for all inspectors is to make sure that they conduct an exit interview in a timely way. Right now, it is a 30-day window for inspectors to complete their exit interview process. Moving forward, oftentimes it does take more time to develop any sort of enforcement requirements, whether that be a notice of proposed violation or other compliance measures that might be needed. So it is a very thoughtful process taking in all the data, assessing it, making sure. But I do appreciate the need to communicate with the operator and we continue to do that.    So I will say that meeting that 30-day window of our initial findings is something that we are looking to do more consistently across the board, but it is a requirement right now within PHMSA. And then moving forward, as we develop those recommendations and any kind of violation orders or anything else, we do take those very seriously and they are a very thoughtful process.    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you for the question. The way the process works right now and what Congress has mandated is that the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, PHMSA, sets the minimum federal requirements across the board for all the states. The states are then allowed to go above and beyond those requirements and any given state can choose to do so regardless of what the requirement is.    Ms. Dominguez. Correct.    Ms. Dominguez. Our requirements look to create what we believe to be the safety measure that needs to be put in place. And again, if states choose to do more and put in place more stringent requirements they are able to do so.    Ms. Dominguez. Yes.    Ms. Dominguez. We have put forward a series of principles that I think address any additional requirements. We are looking in particular at other ways that we can enhance our enforcement capabilities.    Ms. Dominguez. The one thing that will say that is in my testimony is to look for additional opportunities to level emergency order authority, an ability that other federal agencies have and actually our hazardous material program has which is also under PHMSA's authority.    Ms. Dominguez. We do have an aging infrastructure system in this country and one of the things that we have looked to address across the board is really encouraging. We have done a call to action over the course of the last 5 years in encouraging states. About 37 states have actually addressed this by looking to incent and providing opportunities to replace aging pipes around the country. That said, there is still more work to be done and how to pay for that is a difficult proposition.    We are working directly with states and the industry to continue to encourage that replacement of pipe and as you look at different opportunities on the inspection process, regardless of the tool that you use, you need to make sure that you use the right tool to address the pipe that you are actually trying to assess so that it not only protects the integrity of the pipe, but you actually get the analysis that you are looking for.    Ms. Dominguez. We are constantly looking to invest in research and development. It is a big part of our program, R&D, to look to identify emerging technologies. The research that PHMSA has done to date is to identify 26 new technologies including sonar-related pigging capabilities. So it is a good investment.    Ms. Dominguez. I believe that PHMSA has addressed substandard steel in a variety of advisory bulletins and other things for the operators that have substandard steel to replace it.    Ms. Dominguez. Consensus standards are a very good way to actually identify opportunities to work together both with states, the Federal Government, and the operators, to develop a set of requirements that the industry can then apply, both by executive order and by congressional action. Adoption of consensus standards is a way forward in lieu of rulemaking. That said, rulemaking in and of itself provides a very strong basis for actually implementing the safety measures.    Ms. Dominguez. Well, thank you for the question. We have addressed two major rulemakings, well, four in the last 6 months. But we are looking at--we published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for hazardous liquids last October. It was a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that went out. We are working to finalize that rule right now. We collected comments. Our advisory committee met and we are working to finalize that rule. We hope to have it out this year.    As I noted, we have received confirmation that the Office of Management and Budget has completed its review of our gas transmission line as of this morning and we will be looking to publish that as a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking over the course of the next couple of weeks. That will be available publicly and then we will work to complete that rule as well.    Ms. Dominguez. On gas transmission?    Ms. Dominguez. As soon as we are able to, we will publish it, so hopefully some time, no later than the next 2 weeks.    Ms. Dominguez. Is that a question for the gas transmission rule    Ms. Dominguez. I am sorry, can you repeat the question?    Ms. Dominguez. Yes. And actually, we do publish on our Web site the status of all of the requirements that are available and we update it regularly.    Ms. Dominguez. Damage prevention is one of the leading causes of serious death and injury related to--it is one of the leading causes of pipeline incidents. And so we have invested an enormous amount of time and energy and resources to making sure that we are not only partnering with the states and the operators, but we are also working with common ground alliance to make sure that there is awareness across the board of these risks and making sure there are one-call centers available in states.    There are some states that have not adopted one-call provisions. We are working with them right now. 811, it is proven the metrics are there, that if you actually call before you dig the risk is almost eliminated of excavation damage. So there is huge value in making sure that those excavation rules are abided by and adopted.    Ms. Dominguez. So as part of our requirements, we look to make sure that the integrity of any particular pipeline is assessed and we put the onus on the operators to actually assess their own pipelines. And we set the requirements for what they need to look at, how they need to look at it, etcetera, and interpret that data. And then we go and inspect to make sure that they are actually complying with the requirements that we put forward.    The in-line inspection tools that are available are constantly advancing. And as we look to advance that technology, we will have more data that is available to actually understand the exact operation of any given pipeline, assess it, and make sure that the operator is actually doing what they need to do to improve and enhance safety.    Ms. Dominguez. We do have the authority necessary to look at the requirements for frequency of assessing any pipeline. And that is what we do. What we need to look at in particular with the Plains accident is to understand and we are looking at this as part of our final investigative report. As you know, first and foremost, thank you again for the opportunity to be in Santa Barbara with you and release our preliminary factual report----    Ms. Dominguez . Which identified a number of these issues and the facts surrounding the Plains case. That said, we are still conducting the investigation. As a result of that, if there is additional corrective actions that need to be taken, including anything having to do with an inspection capability, we will certainly look at that as part of our recommendation.    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you for the question. We review facility response plans for completeness and accuracy. If anything changes, the operator needs to send it back to us. We look at it again. We want to make sure that the operator has actually considered all the risks and resources that are available in accordance with our federal regulations. If they are not complete, we send them back to the operator and they must update them. And that is the procedure that we presently use with Facility Response Plans.    Ms. Dominguez. I would have to get back to you for the record on the mileage with regard to pipelines along a coastal area. But I will tell you that our rulemaking is such that for hazardous liquids, we look to make sure that any area that we are providing the safest requirements possible for hazardous liquids and our gas transmission rule that we are looking at right now, we are looking to expand the definition of a high-consequence area. So we will also expand that coverage as part of the gas transmission rule.    Ms. Dominguez. I believe that safety is a process of continuous----    Ms. Dominguez. Sure. I believe that safety is a process of continuous improvement. So as we have transitioned in this country to a very robust energy environment, it has been a very dynamic energy environment certainly the last decade, we are looking to make sure that all of our safety requirements are as----    Ms. Dominguez. I would say that you should have every confidence that not only is PHMSA robustly addressing our mission on pipeline safety, that we have a level of dedication to make sure that that actually takes place and that the accidents that we are looking at we are learning from and making sure that we have--whether it is Santa Barbara----    Ms. Dominguez. So in the last 6 months, we have moved forward on four and now five of the requirements from the 2011 Act. So we are moving as aggressively as we possibly can. It has been a priority for the agency to address these 2011 mandates and I can tell you that our focus is very laser-like on making sure that these requirements are met.    That said, the rulemaking process is one that is intended to be thoughtful and methodical and it takes time. So I am not using that as----    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you. And I will tell you that not only are we working diligently to complete the mandates that Congress has provided, but we are also looking to enhance our safety performance by employing safety management systems which will raise the bar not only for PHMSA, but more importantly for the industries that we regulate to make sure that we are identifying and addressing all of the emerging risk, analyzing data, and truly informing that risk model moving forward. So safety management systems are really that next level of improvement on safety. And that is something that I am personally committed to, the agency is personally committed to, and I know we are working aggressively with all involved to get there.    Ms. Dominguez. We have been working through a very diligent and thoughtful rulemaking process and we have completed two, I think, of the most significant, although they are all significant requirements in the last 6 months alone. The first one was on the hazardous liquid rule which was published in October of last year.    The one that I was addressing today which OMB has announced that they have completed their review and will be looking, we, PHMSA, will be looking to publish that over the course of the next 2 weeks is on gas transmission. It is a very comprehensive rule addressing a number of areas with regard to integrity management of gas transmission and really looking at strengthening both hazardous liquid and gas transmission rules.    Ms. Dominguez. Well, I appreciate that Congress has invested in PHMSA. We have received, as I mentioned, 109 new positions. Most of those positions have gone to the field. Those are inspectors. We are training them and getting them up to speed as quickly as possible. And we are also using the remaining funds to strengthen our capabilities. As I mentioned, one of the things that we are engaged in is organizing the agency itself to be more data driven, more innovative, more predictive. And one of the things we are doing is looking at enhancing our data and analytics capabilities which will, in turn, help us in our rulemaking by collecting data and informing our regulations in a more productive way moving forward.    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you for the question. You are correct. Even within PHMSA's own program, we are responsible for both hazardous materials and pipeline operation, pipeline safety. And emergency order authority, we have it on our hazardous materials program side. We are seeking it on the pipeline safety side.    An example of where we might use it would be--there have been in the past defective fittings for pipelines that have been found. If we were able to have emergency order authority we would be able to ask that directly that operators address those defective fittings. Pre-1970s pipe and anything that was low-grade steel that needed to be addressed, that has in the past been found to be a problem. That is the type of work that we would do, something that would need to be addressed on a national basis. That would be the circumstance for an emergency authority.    Ms. Dominguez. We have been working to actually look to see. The LNG market has really transformed in this country over the course of the last 10 years alone. As you know, the United States has gone from importing LNG to now being a major exporter. I was just down in Louisiana a few weeks ago at the Cheniere facility which is now online and exporting LNG on a global basis.    So as we move forward, we have got a very changing energy market and a very changing dynamic. And we have the authority to actually establish and enforce the safety standards for onshore LNG facilities, so while we look at other methods of transporting LNG, that is something that PHMSA is aggressively looking at right now, making sure that we are keeping pace with innovation and technology for other forms of transportation of     Ms. Dominguez. I don't have the exact language in front of me. But I believe that----    Ms. Dominguez. I will tell you that we have the authority right now to regulate the underground storage of natural gas. We do not presently have in place regulations that would address anything below the surface. So that would be something that we would work on.    Ms. Dominguez. We have been working cooperatively with the states for many years.    Ms. Dominguez. Absolutely. I think that what we need to do is work cooperatively across the board. While PHMSA sets the minimum federal standards, the states are always able to exceed those standards and should they want to put in place more additional requirements, they would be able to do so.    Ms. Dominguez. PHMSA, I will first and foremost tell you that we very much value our partnership with the states. And as you have stated, part of the money, a good portion of the monies that Congress provides us, we in turn grant to the states for their work----    Ms. Dominguez. The way that the process is done is----    Ms. Dominguez. The auditing is that so long as they provide the records, we reimburse them for the requirement----    Ms. Dominguez. I will have to go back to look and check the actual----    Ms. Dominguez. I would be happy to.    Ms. Dominguez. Again, as part of our process what we look for is confirmation of--we sent out a series of requirements for the states. They have to then provide their expenditures and then we reimburse them.    Ms. Dominguez. I think the balance that we have right now, we are always looking to enhance safety, if that was a measure. The balance that we have now between the state and federal relationship is a good balance and if there were more funds available for PHMSA to help execute its state grant program, we would be happy to consider that.    Ms. Dominguez. Again, I want to be clear. Because part of the measure here is that there is transparency in the expenditures and so while it may be 80 percent or 75 percent reimbursement, I will check and get back to you for the record. That is something that is actually reviewed very seriously as we reimburse states for their expenditures.    Ms. Dominguez. PHMSA's pipeline safety program, in order to regulate, we have a requirement that Congress provided that our benefits have to exceed our costs. So our rulemakings contain that requirement across the board.    Ms. Dominguez. Actually, we have a great deal of responsibility on the front end.    Ms. Dominguez. Sure.    Ms. Dominguez. So part of our requirements for pipeline safety include requirements around new construction for pipeline. So our requirements look at making sure that operators fully evaluate any newly constructed pipelines that go in to check on any issues that could affect a pipe's ability to operate safely once it is actually in operation. So our inspectors go out. They look at welding. They look at any kind of coating. And especially for new construction, I can tell you that we have applied about 20 to 25 percent of our resources in inspections to actually go out and look at new pipe that is being----    Ms. Dominguez. PHMSA is not directly responsible for any of the siting issues that occur, so if it is an intrastate pipeline, the state would take that. If it is an interstate gas pipeline, FERC would take that responsibility. That said, we always work in close coordination and we have been working with the State of Iowa, as you have looked to educate, talk about the safety issues around pipelines. We have tried to work very cooperatively. I think we have done some good work with the State of Iowa as you look to expand your pipeline network.    Ms. Dominguez. The actual integrity of the pipeline and its operations is something that PHMSA takes on directly.    Ms. Dominguez. The requirements for an operation of a pipeline and new construction criteria are standards that PHMSA sets.    Ms. Dominguez. Yes, we monitor the integrity of the pipeline itself. We put the onus of that operation through our integrity assessment requirements and integrity management practices that we have. We put that burden directly on the pipeline operator. The pipeline operator then has to collect data and we go about inspecting that and then if there is any anomalies or anything that we find, we take enforcement action against that.    Ms. Dominguez. We provide a lot of educational material to NARUC and a number of the public utilities commissions around the country.    Ms. Dominguez. I would have to look at the legislation and respond back to you. I am not familiar with the particular section of the proposed legislation.    Ms. Dominguez. We have a great deal of material. PHMSA has a great deal of material on our Web site that talks about all of the many aspects that we actually cover with regard to new construction of pipeline, assessment, and enforcement actions.    Ms. Dominguez. The Technical Assistance Grants that we have provided to states, I believe are valuable programs for education for emergency responders as well as the communities around the country. PHMSA indeed has very strong internal controls, to answer your question, about how these grant applications are not only reviewed, but also how they are awarded and administered. And so that would continue moving forward.    Ms. Dominguez. So as move forward on Technical Assistance Grants, we would look to make sure that indeed all of those requirements, whether it is review----    Ms. Dominguez. There is a series of requirements that each applicant has to meet before----    Ms. Dominguez. I don't have them with me, but I would be happy to provide them to you.    Ms. Dominguez. They are the same that have been in place----    Ms. Dominguez. I would be happy to look and do an assessment of the recipients of the Technical Assistance Grants to see where some of the actual recipients, what they have done with the money, but I can tell you that we do that as part of an annual process and review of our grants in general.    Ms. Dominguez. Not since I have been there, but we are coming up on a review of the programs right now, so I will certainly take a look at it.    Ms. Dominguez. I am not aware of a direct instance where a group has come into those dollars, federal dollars, but I will certainly look----    Ms. Dominguez. I think we have a very good working relationship with the states across the board. PHMSA is the federal regulator. The states often across the board have authority and through a certification process with PHMSA to conduct inspections within their respective states. We work cooperatively on that entire process. It is one where we are constantly exchanging information.    One of the things that we are looking to do in this reauthorization is make sure that the inspection data that the states are collecting is something that we can collect at a federal level as well, to make sure that the data analysis is as robust as it can be in identifying risk and that is through our information sharing system.    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you for the question, sir. We are moving that rulemaking very quickly. As you know, the Congress passed the FAST Act. It made some changes to some of the provisions. We have updated the rulemaking to reflect those changes that the Congress passed in the FAST Act and we have moved that forward through the Department, the rulemaking, and are working with our colleagues at OMB for a review of that rule right now.    Ms. Dominguez. For the oil spill response?    Ms. Dominguez. We are looking at the provisions that were outlined by the Congress and some of the requirements under the FAST Act to make sure that all of those provisions are addressed.    Ms. Dominguez. There are. There are new requirements for retrofit schedules and other things with regard to tank car top fittings and other aspects of the redesign that we have now taken into account based on the FAST Act.    Ms. Dominguez. PHMSA actually looks very directly as facility response plans for completeness and accuracy to ensure that the operators considered all of the risk and the resources in accordance with our federal regulations.    Ms. Dominguez. Yes, we do. We comment directly on them. We send them back to the operators if they are not complete and require them to address any inconsistencies or any failings that we find in the response plan. They are obligated to then update them and resubmit them for review before we approve them.    Ms. Dominguez. Yes they do. It is an iterative process.    Ms. Dominguez. It is an iterative process, so they are constantly being updated.    Ms. Dominguez. Where they are constantly being updated.    Ms. Dominguez. As I stated, we do look for both completeness and accuracy for facility response plans.    Ms. Dominguez. I believe that our requirements now meet the NTSB requirements, but I will check and make sure and respond directly to you.    Ms. Dominguez. We have worked very diligently over the course of the last couple of years to make sure that all of the facility response plans that PHMSA reviews are up to date and complete. And we have put an enormous amount of resources in that process to make sure that that has occurred. Moving forward, if there are additional areas for investment, we will be sure to circle back with you. Thank you.    Ms. Dominguez. So I appreciate your question. One of the things that we have continued to work on is exactly how we would continue to make sure that not only are we working as cooperatively as possible, I had a chance, actually, one of the first meetings that I did was go and meet with the National Association of State Pipeline Safety Representatives. These are the folks in every single state that represents the state inspection process and are our partners across the board. And that group is a very dedicated group of professionals looking to undertake pipeline safety at a very, very local level and we greatly appreciate our partnership with them.    That said, we want to make sure that everything that we look at, that we use the money that Congress has given us to make sure that if there is a state that has been in trouble, that we are using the dollars to make sure that we are investing in that state to help rehabilitate them. The last thing we want to do is look to decertify a state for their state program.    So any monies that are given to us for investment in a state would literally be used to help rehabilitate a state and make sure that we are not in a position of revoking their authority. That would be the last measure that we would look to take. Rather, we would look to invest in them and help them strengthen their program first and foremost.    Ms. Dominguez. I am not aware of an announcement that PHMSA has made with regard to decertifying states. We would, again, our first action would be to work directly with the states and look to make sure that we enhance their capability to perform their program.    Ms. Dominguez. We are in the process of looking at that right now. Part of the work that we have done with our gas transmission rule includes gathering lines. And so as we look to publish the requirements in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for our gas transmission rule, it will include gathering lines.    Ms. Dominguez. We received noticed this morning that OMB is concluding their review and we hope to publish the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for gas transmission sometime in the next 2 weeks.    Ms. Dominguez. For Maximum Allowable Operating Pressure, a good portion of that is covered in the two regulations that I mentioned earlier, hazardous liquid rule and our gas transmission rule. So the hazardous liquid rule is covered, a portion of that. But the gas transmission rule also covers how we would best address that for gas.    Ms. Dominguez. Correct.    Ms. Dominguez. We are working through those. Right now, several of these reports are tied to some of the rulemakings that we are doing. So as we publish the rules, we will be publishing some of the reports. Moving forward, we are still doing some information collection. Technology is advancing and we still have opportunity to collect some more data to inform our reports moving forward and that is what we are focused on.    Ms. Dominguez. It is. So we are still working on information collection on several of those fronts. I am happy to give you the details about exactly the specifics that you are looking at, but I think that the two remaining information collection opportunities we have under way and I can give you a report. It is also on our Web site. But I will be happy to give you a direct update on it.    Ms. Dominguez. So we have been looking very directly at LNG. It is something that, as you noted, has really changed the landscape of the United States. And one of the things that we are looking at is how we would update our regulations to make sure that we are keeping pace with the technology as it moves forward.    We are updating our regs right now to provide for certainty in the design in the construction and the operation of small scale liquefaction facilities moving forward.    Ms. Dominguez. We have a good working relationship with FERC and they are directly responsible for a number of the siting requirements, in particular, for large scale LNG facilities.    Ms. Dominguez. We work very closely with the states. The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration is directly responsible for setting the federal standards and in turn, states then adopt those standards and are able to go above and beyond our requirements. And as the states directly carry out through a certification process with PHMSA, some of the inspection requirements, we work hand-in-glove with them, not only to make sure that their state inspectors come to our training facility, can take advantage of our--and we help provide funds to make sure that they are able to come and get trained on the requirements. But then we also work very directly with them in the execution of their state programs.    Ms. Dominguez. Their state programs.    Ms. Dominguez. Correct.    Ms. Dominguez. I think that one of the issues that we need to continuously look at in this country is the issue of aging infrastructure writ large. And one of the by-products of aging infrastructure is leaks, particularly in natural gas pipelines.    So as we look to invest in replacement of old pipe, that helps reduce methane emissions, but also across the board helps with that larger goal. We always look to partner with our federal----    Ms. Dominguez. Across the board, so would be happy to continue to do that.    Ms. Dominguez. Thank you for the question. We are truly in an advisory and a support role, both to the states and to FERC during the siting process. So if there are questions about safety, we often partner with FERC or the states to make sure that if citizens have questions during public meetings, et cetera, we talk through what our requirements are for design, construction, etcetera, of new pipeline.    Ms. Dominguez. I would tell you that our requirements are fairly robust in the new construction criteria. And so regardless of terrain, there are requirements that look at the geology of any particular area and that those requirements are met as new pipe is constructed.    Ms. Dominguez. We, I believe, have been working. I had a chance to meet with the chairman of FERC, Norman Bay, and we have been working very collaboratively at a very local level to make sure that we are addressing citizens' concerns. And PHMSA's role in all of that is to again articulate what our safety mission is and how the actual operation of a pipeline would work once it is in the ground.    Ms. Dominguez. I don't have the actual definition, if it is published, ready at hand, but I will tell you that any time there is an impact on people or the environment that impacts the work that we do as a result of the operation of a pipeline. So----    Ms. Dominguez. I will be happy to clarify for the record exactly what the requirement is for reporting on an actual incident.