    Dr. Buhler. Well, thank you. Chairman Davis, Ranking Member DelBene, Congressman Moolenaar, thank you very much for the opportunity to be here today, and represent the hardworking research scientists and prevention professionals at Michigan State University.    One of the benefits of going last is I can start out by saying I want to concur with all of the comments that have been made by the previous speakers. The critical nature of what we do has always been important to this country and the world, but I believe it is more important now than it has ever been as we look at the challenges of feeding a growing world, with the challenges that we face in terms of protecting our natural resources, et cetera.    Michigan State University is very, very fortunate to have very strong support from the State of Michigan and industry partners. That support is very important because it allows us to leverage the Federal investment in our research and outreach programs. And so I really wanted to acknowledge that.    Founded in 1855, Michigan State University was the first agricultural college of its kind in the country. It was actually founded as--it was called the Michigan Agriculture College. So we have very strong roots in agriculture, and if you look at the history of the institution, it is a very interesting history of starting from a state-based regional agricultural college, and growing into a world-class university, really starting and throughout the end of World War II to the present. Michigan is also a very heavily specialty crop state. And when you look at Michigan and you look at our geography, a lot of the places where we grow crops are very unique. And so when we talk about the importance of the Federal investment and the state investment in protecting our specialty crops, it is very critical because many of these crops depend on the university for support. These crops are very important locally, but they are not major crops on a national scale. And so you look at things like tart cherries, asparagus, things like that, that grow in a very unique environment, and so if the university is not there to support these industries, there is not a lot of back-up. And it is really important that we continue to support the public-sector research and outreach to support these important commodities.    I also want to point out that a lot of the work that we do is often difficult to quantify because a lot of it is protecting productivity as opposed to really generating new outputs. And what I am particularly talking about here is pest management. We have made a great deal of investments to protect the inherent productivity of our crops, and that is something that we really need to keep in mind as we look forward because a huge part of what we do, whether it is in the animal industries or the crop industries, is protecting the productivity that we have inherent in our genetics and our environments where we grow our crops.    So Michigan State University, as I said, is really rooted in agriculture. Many of the early pioneers at our institution were involved in things like helping to develop hybrid corn, some of the early plant breeding programs. Plant breeding and genetics continues to be a core of what we do, particularly in the specialty crops. For example, our edible Dry Bean Program has been producing a new variety that has been released into the industry at a rate of at least one per year over the last 20 years. We have also been very involved in processing, particularly in the dairy industry, and we will continue to work in those areas.    An area that I want to make a little bit of a point on, and it is really critical as we move forward, is that we look at the issues that are facing us in the future, they are very complex problems. And as we look at how do we attack some of these big problems like antimicrobial resistance, which has been mentioned, some of the weather issues, and others, climate and so on, some of the water issues, we really need to draw a broader range of scientists into our agricultural fields. We really need to bring in fundamental plant science, fundamental ecology, and things like that, and build teams that can address these issues in a multidisciplinary way. This often requires different funding, and it often requires, and would be very much improved if we could provide more opportunities to work across Federal agencies, particularly NIH and NSF, to bolster some of our agricultural investments. And so we really look forward to continuing to build some of these programs because we think that it is really critical to moving forward in the future.    So I just want to wrap up by just making a point about the importance of the agricultural infrastructure and the facilities that we need simply to do our research. Agriculture, in many cases, is a little bit different than many of the other areas of science, in that we need long-term investments in things like animal herds, plant breeding programs, vineyards and orchards, to just give us the basic capacity to do our work. And that is really where, when you talk about why is agriculture different than other areas of science, I believe that is where that is rooted. We have to have these facilities available, often taking 20, 30, maybe even 50 years to build that capacity so that we can actually do our research. And so when I am asked why should agriculture have this more unique investment, that is the reason that I cite.    So thank you again for this opportunity, and we really appreciate your support, and we look forward to moving forward and addressing these important issues of our country and the world. Thank you.    Dr. Buhler. Well, I am very comfortable with the percentages as they stand because one of the things that we need to do, and we are doing much more effectively, is working across state boundaries. One of the positive impacts that we have had in recent years over some of our tough budget times has really driven us to speak more seriously about how we work across state-lines, how do we move information back and forth. So the requirement to use a sizeable portion of the money that way makes a lot of sense, and it is really on the backs of people like us to make sure that we are working with each other. As a matter of fact, the meeting that I left, and I am going back to, is our annual meeting of the directors of research at the land-grant universities, and one of the things that we do at that meeting is talk about how we can more effectively collaborate. So I believe that continuing to put an emphasis on the collaboration--you heard many examples here of how we already work with each other, we need to do more of that.    Dr. Buhler. Yes. I believe that we are quite fortunate in Michigan is that we have very good relationships with our Department of Agriculture and Rural Development. For example, the Department of Environmental Quality, as well as the Department of Natural Resources. And so we have very good interactions there. We also have many very strong commodity groups that we interact with very closely. Many of those groups have their own research funding programs that we work with collaboratively. Actually, most of those programs are actually administered through my office, and so we provide that assistance to those groups.    We also have a state-funded program called Project GREEEN, which is specifically a grassroots program that provides funding annually for mostly applied research, with support of the plant and agriculture industries of Michigan, and it is very much integral with the commodity groups. They sit on our review panels, they provide priorities every year, and it has been a very, very successful program, and it is a very, very good example of how universities and industries and state government can work together in an effective manner.    Dr. Buhler. I very much believe that it can, and I really come from the experience that I just referenced in terms of working with this Project GREEEN Program. The fact that we have the producers at the table in every stage of the process, and they are actually there in the room and understand the interaction of their priorities with strong science, and balancing all of the different priorities of all of the different industries is really critical. So I think it is really important maybe more how it is done. I am more in favor of maybe an integrated program where everybody is kind of reviewing things together so that the science and the relevancy are reviewed together, but the bottom line is I support it, particularly as it relates to programs that relate to applied research, and then moving those results into our community.    Dr. Buhler. Well, just real quickly, we are working very hard to try to get our arms around that. For me personally, we have really gotten the confusion of the technology of genetic modification with some of the discomfort, with some of the specific products that have come from that, and we have really got to figure out how we help people understand. We are talking about new ways of doing it because we don't feel that we are being effective with where we are. So we have to step back and be honest with ourselves, and relook at some of the things we are trying to do.    Dr. Buhler. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Yoho.    Dr. Buhler. I--if nobody--I guess I would say that----    Dr. Buhler. Just to add real briefly, there is a network, it is a Plant Diagnostic Network though, it is not quite as striking as some of the animal issues, but there is the Plant Diagnostic Network that does work on issues that would look at, for the example, of purposeful release of plant pathogens to destroy food production, things like that. So that actually came out after 9/11, and continues today in Michigan State as one of the regional hubs in that system.