    Mr. Perrelli. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. I am Tom Perrelli, one of the members of the Secret Service Protective Mission Panel. And the panel asked me to make brief opening remarks today.    At the outset, we want to express, echoing both the chairman and the ranking member, our appreciation for the extraordinary work and dedication of the men and women of the Secret Service. They work long hours in a mission that has no tolerance for error, and they do so without desire for fame or fortune. They deserve all of our thanks and support.    The Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security asked the panel to do a review of the Secret Service's protection of the White House following the events of September 19th, 2014. We did not focus solely on that event, but looked more broadly at concerns about the Service that had been raised by this committee and others.    From October, when we were commissioned, to the issuance of our report on December 15th, the panel talked to dozens of members of the Service from all levels, as well as more than a hundred experts from the Federal Protective Services, local law enforcement, the national laboratories, and the defense and intelligence communities. We thought it was important to hear perspectives about the Service, about the protective function, about technology from both insides and outside the Service. We also reviewed thousands of pages of documents.    Our report and recommendations were completed on December 15th. The report contains substantial sensitive information, as well as classified information and recommendations. We have had the opportunity to brief the chairman and the ranking member and many staff of this and other committees in a classified setting, and we will tread carefully on subjects related to operations, tactics, and particular threats in this setting. It is in the interest of the United States that much of the Service's work be secret because they are tasked with the singularly important job of protecting the Commander in Chief, other protectees in the White House.    But we did release an unclassified summary that lays out our conclusions and recommendations in a number of areas, including training, staffing, technology, and leadership. That summary is incorporated in our written testimony to this committee. As we described in that executive summary, the panel concluded that training had fallen below acceptable levels in no small part because personnel at the Service were stretched too far. We provide recommendations about increased training as well as increased staffing. We describe our recommendation for 200 additional uniformed division officers and 85 additional special agents as a downpayment that we make now so that the Service can train and perform at the level that all of us believe is necessary.    Many of our technology recommendations are classified, but I note our concern that the Service needs to be more engaged with Federal partners who are using or developing technologies that would assist the Service in protecting the White House.    Finally, we focused a great deal of attention, as the chairman said, on leadership. Concluding that the Service needs dynamic leadership that is unafraid to make change, that clearly articulates the Service's mission, pursues resources needed to fulfill that mission, and demonstrates to the work force that rules will be applied evenhandedly, and that the best of the best will be promoted to lead the organization into the future. More detail in our conclusions and recommendations are in our testimony, and we will be happy to answer questions. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Perrelli. We looked at the data provided by the Secret Service and tried to assess, with the current work force, based on what we can discern, what would it take to--how many additional personnel would they need to get to the training levels that we think are the bare necessity, which, as we indicated in the report, is a true fourth shift or 20 to 25 percent of training for the President's protective detail, and at least 10 percent of their time training for the uniform division.    Based on our--the information that we were able to obtain from the Service, that led to our recommendation for immediately the need for 200 additional uniformed division officers and 85 additional special agents. But I think there are a couple of things that cause the panel to believe that, once a full analysis is done by a new Director, more resources are going to be needed. One is, I think as the chairman said, there really hasn't been a true analysis of how much it takes to protect the President and other protectees in the White House. The Service's internal systems are not well-designed to do this.    Mr. Hagin and I sat with a Secret Service agent and watched them put in their time in a DOS-based system with a green blinking cursor. And those systems don't reflect the actual hours that people worked. So that once you factor in the excessive amounts of overtime that we think the agents both anecdotally told us and that we saw ourselves, once you bring--try to bring some of those overtime numbers down, we think that you will discover that more resources are needed.    As we said in our report, we think that a new Director--a critical function of a new Director is to have a zero-based budget, start from the beginning and define the mission and explain to Congress and the executive branch how much it takes to do this. We think it is going to be more money. We think it is going to be more agents and more uniform divisions, but we also think that a new Director might decide to shed or trim certain missions so that it is not all new money.    Mr. Perrelli. Thank you for the question. And I do--I do think it was of serious consideration to the panel about the historic nature of both the White House as well as the spaces around the White House. I think perhaps what is most telling is the absence of recommendations from this panel to do things like close off the park or those kinds of things that one could consider as appropriate security measures, but they would be inconsistent with the history of those spaces. So perhaps I think we answer your question by not having recommendations that would have gone the other way.    Mr. Perrelli. I think there are a couple of things, Congressman. One is, as we talked about, the Service really hasn't had the kind of work force planning model to make sensible personnel decisions about how many people are needed and control the number of hours that people are working. As I think the chart that the chairman put up earlier showed, you have--you know, rather than continuing to hire people and having more officers and more agents, what ended up happening was you just had the existing work force working longer and longer hours.    So I think we have recommended, one, a more robust work force planning model so that they can, I think, make good judgments about what is needed and how to deploy those resources. As we indicated, we do think they need more personnel, if nothing else, to ensure that the personnel that they have get adequate training. So I think those are, I think, core aspects of this. But as--you know, one of our larger recommendations is that I think the new leadership needs to take a step back and really define and then come to the executive branch and Congress with a clear plan that articulates this is what it takes to protect the White House and this is why we need the personnel that we think we need.    Mr. Perrelli. I think on the technology question, as I think the events of the September 19th indicated, there are real shortcomings, both on training and communications technology with respect to the Service's current equipment as well as their training on that equipment. That is something I think we think needs to be addressed. And all those things needs to be integrated together. Because I think you are right, Congressman, that you need to know where your personnel are if you are going to be able to respond to an incident.    Mr. Perrelli. I think we wanted to be able to provide more specific recommendations in certain areas. But as I think we laid out in the report, because the data we were working from on the special agent side, it is clear that they do not record all the hours that they work. They are working many more hours than show up in their personnel system. And on the uniform division side, the data really doesn't come from the Service's own systems, but comes from Federal pay records about overtime, which isn't necessarily--may not be the most precise way to do the kind of planning that is needed.    Mr. Perrelli. I think the panel agrees that we need the best of the best in this role. And that has been historically the culture and the belief of the Service. And I think we hope our recommendations will help them return to that point.    Mr. Perrelli. Early evening.    Mr. Perrelli. Yes.    Mr. Perrelli. As I think many on the committee know, there was a prior report that focused on September 19th done by the Deputy Secretary of DHS, which focused on the very specific issues of that night and did find that the personnel on staff tended to be junior that evening. And I think this goes back again to this staffing and planning issues as well as the forced overtime issues that--you know, ensuring that the personnel, you have the right chain of command, you have the right mix of seniority and junior personnel, as well as the right training so that people understand and know the compound is something that, if the Service implements some new--some reforms and some new systems, they will be able to ensure in the future and not have that problem on any given night.    Mr. Perrelli. So, yes, we were heartened to see that there were additional sums sought in the President's budget, and we are very supportive of getting the Service to the 85 and 200. I think others may be able to do the calculation as to whether the precise amounts sought are--match up with that. But it is our understanding that, you know, that some of the additional request is intended to try to reach those levels.    Mr. Perrelli. So our panel did not look at the elevator incident. It wasn't part of our mandate.    Mr. Perrelli. In general, they have tried to do eight classes per year. Funding has been different over different years, but eight classes per year has been more consistently the norm. And I think that showed in the early years of the chairman's chart.    Mr. Perrelli. I have to go back and look. I think that in 1909, 1910, 1911, I think they were--here is the chart. So you see special agent classes and then uniformed division classes. Eight was the norm for the special agents. And then for the uniformed division, you know, the numbers range a bit, although something between 10 and 11 would be more the norm.    Mr. Perrelli. We didn't identify a specific individual. I think our focus was--our concern was on that, that that process took a very long amount of time, only to have many of the candidates drop out. So it took a lot of resources and did not yield enough qualified candidates at the end. It has--that experience, as well as a number of other things that we found, are one reason why we think the Service needs to really professionalize its human resources function and develop hiring and retention strategies led by experts in that field.    Mr. Perrelli. So the Service has--is changing--has already changed its hiring process, and is using more, it is our understanding, accepted service authority, and has reordered aspects of its process so that it is less likely to spend a lot of time on candidates that are going to fall out of the process. But, again, we think that over the long haul, having human resources professionals in charge of that process is going to be more likely to get good outcomes.    Mr. Perrelli. Well, I think there have been many recommendations, certainly, over the years. But there are a number of things that we found in our report that, I think, have been seen over time. Certainly, questions about investment in the uniform division and the importance of giving focus to the uniform division and deciding its role. Those issues have been there. Certainly, issues related to excess overtime have been--and insufficient personnel have been identified over time. There are a number of issues that we raise in the classified aspect of our report that are ones that have been noted in the past by the Service.    Mr. Perrelli. I think that the Service itself has noted that it has not always done what it needed to do in terms of follow-through of its own recommendations. And I think--our hope is that, coming out of this report, that there will be a real opportunity to focus on these specific recommendations and real follow-through in tracking to make sure that they actually get implemented.    Mr. Perrelli. Well, I certainly think that if there is a real process to--you know, and I am sure this committee will have a role in it and other committees will have a role in it, too, to ask the Service what has it done to implement the recommendations and where is that going? And I also assume that this and future Presidents will hold them accountable as well.    Mr. Perrelli. I think from our perspective, if we see the kind of cultural change and leadership change that we have talked about that really defines the mission, we talked a little bit in the report saying that if in 5 years the budget that the Service submits to Congress looks kind of more of the same or about the same with a little bit of extra money on it, that we will not have moved the ball forward.    Mr. Perrelli. I think that is right. One of the concerns that the panel had--and again, pointing to the charts that the chairman put up--when you don't bring on new classes, that is going to show up. Because the average Secret Service Agent takes 4 to 5 to 6 years in the field getting trained before they show up on the President's detail. That gap in hiring is going to be show up and be most acute in that 4 to 5 years down the road. So you are right that an issue with hiring that shows up today may not have an immediate effect----    Mr. Perrelli . But will show up in the future.    Mr. Perrelli. We do agree with that concern. And I think that is why our proposal of, again, 200 additional Uniformed Division Officers and 85 additional special agents, we thought that that would allow the current work force to reach training levels that we thought were acceptable. It doesn't answer the question of what is the long-term right size of the organization. And, of course, there are, as occurs regularly on 4-year cycles, the Service both draws from its investigative force for Presidential campaigns, but also usually receives, seeks and receives additional appropriations every 4 years in order to plan for those campaigns because the amount of travel which is very unpredictable increases.    Mr. Perrelli. As an answer to that question, the proposal we made in terms of specific numbers was what we thought would address an immediate need. It was not intended to estimate how much the 2016 political campaign would cost or the 2020 political campaign would cost. Nor was it an attempt to set the sort of long-term size of the Service. As we said in the report, we think that a new Director needs to do a zero-based budget, needs to start from the beginning and define that, and then come again to the executive branch and to Congress and justify that. But we do think that immediate infusion of resources is needed today, recognizing, as we said before, that it is going to take some period of time for those people to be able to be deployed at the White House.    Mr. Perrelli. One of the most telling things that I think we heard from, it was remarkable how consistent this was, was with the rank and file saying to us if what comes of this report is just more money, we need more resources, that is true, but what we really need is leadership. We need a different, dynamic leadership, not specified to one particular floor, but a clear sense from the rank and file that their confidence in the organization would really improve only if they saw substantial change at the top.    Mr. Perrelli. We heard concerns about the transfer policies, concerns, frankly, at the management level, as well as from the line level. I think it didn't become a big part of our report. But I do think that from a budget and management standpoint, that is one of the issues that we think a new Director has got to look at seriously in sort of charting the future course of the organization.    Mr. Perrelli. I think there has been an increase in missions. And I think what we looked at and talked about in our report and something that gave us confidence that the 285 recommendations that we made for immediate needs was adding 85 agents to the President's protective detail would really only bring it up to where it was in 2004. Now, that is not the budget of the entire organization. And there are folks doing the investigative mission. And so the organization's budget has increased over time. But for the Uniform Division, adding 200 positions would not even bring it to its high-water mark. We thought that was important to do today. But as we said, we think, longer term, a new Director has got to take a serious look at what is the right size, what are the right missions to keep and maybe to shed. We think it is going to take more money once that plan is put together. But it is not to say that all of it is new money.    Mr. Perrelli. I don't think we can speak really about what happened precisely in another budget process. There is no question that--and again, I think we talk about this in our report--I think we found that the Service did what perhaps other agencies do, which is they look at what they have, they think about what they might be able to get through the agency, the OMB, and through Congress. And they ask for a little bit more. And they maybe ask for a little bit more in an area that they think might be one that Congress is interested in funding.    Our concern is that over time, what happened with the Service is that they weren't continuing to increase their staffing, they weren't asking, necessarily modeling and making decisions about how much they really needed. And at some point, over a number of years, what they had and what they needed really diverged in no small part because their missions continued to increase, both the protective mission and, frankly, the investigative mission.    Mr. Perrelli. Yes.    Mr. Perrelli. I don't have that figure at my fingertips. But turnover is high, you know, in no small part because Uniform Divisions have a TS/SCI clearance and a full polygraph, making them very attractive candidates for other law enforcement jobs as well. So there is no question that I think that turnover is high. And that is something that, as we talked about in our report, there is a need to make a decision, make a set of choices about what the Uniform Division needs to be. And that will drive how you think about investment in the Uniform Division or how you might change its mission. We proposed two different paths in the report, but left it to a new Director to make that call.    Mr. Perrelli. I guess I would just like to add that I think the panel's conclusion was, we identified a substantial number of issues that needed reform at the Service. For those issues, we didn't think moving them from one agency to another would address really any of the issues that we identified. And so while we understand that that was a serious debate, we thought that the focus really needed to be on solving the problems that we found.    Mr. Perrelli. And let me add on the question, one of the reasons why you find that the investigative mission supports the protective mission is because of the need for surge capacity or additional capacity when the President or other protectees travel, particularly foreign travel, as well as certainly during political campaigns, the arrival of the Pope in the United States, and those kinds of things where you need to be able to draw on a significant force. You also need a period of time, those 4 or 5 years in the field, to train and then ultimately come to Washington to be part of the protective detail. If you didn't have the investigative mission, you would have a very different looking organization, really focused solely on protection. And that, I think, is, would be a very substantial change with a variety of pros and cons. Ultimately, as a panel, we decided that we think, as Mr. Filip said, that the investigative mission does support that protective mission. But that because we believe that the protective mission is paramount, a new Director has to make some serious choices.    Mr. Perrelli. I think we think that--and this, I think, is detailed in Deputy Secretary Mayorkas' report--that training and communications issues were a substantial component of that, of allowing that individual to get as far as he did. We make a number of recommendations, both in our unclassified and classified portions of our report, that I think would address some of those issues. And we also think that increasing--changing and increasing the height of the fence would decrease the ability of somebody to get over the fence at all, much less get as far as that individual did.    Mr. Perrelli. There is no question that, and I think the Service has, if you talk to people, rank and file, across the Service, they would have said, I think many individuals would say yes, I know what I would have done. What we did find, though, is there was disagreement about that. In other words, there were certainly individuals in the Service who thought lethal force, they would have immediately deployed lethal force, others who said lethal force was not appropriate, many who said putting hands on and actually tackling the person was the right approach. And what the concern that that led to for us was that there was a lack of training, so that you would know in the instant that you needed to react what you were supposed to do.    Mr. Perrelli. I think where budget and training go together is the concern that because of--training has really disappeared because of, or at least in no small part because of, but not solely because of, the excess overtime that individuals are working. They have canceled in-service trainings, particularly for the Uniform Division, now that training is to an unacceptable level. And those folks are working very, very long hours. So there is an aspect of this I think that relates to resources. As I think we tried to make clear in the report, we do think that, long term, a new Director is going to have to define the priorities and the mission in a way that the Service hasn't to date.    I think the chairman put up a slide about funding. It has not been a question of Congress not appropriating funds, but the Service not coming to Congress and saying what it needed, as well as making some of the hard choices about other aspects of the mission.    Mr. Perrelli. I think our view is that, that the reason why training has reduced so significantly is because the work force is so overstretched. So we do think that you need more personnel at the White House, both in the Uniform Division and special agent population. And I do think that means more resources in the near term.    Mr. Perrelli. We were concerned about that. And, as we indicated, the Service needs to professionalize those aspects of the Service so that they can justify, within the administration as well as here, the needs that they have. Because we did the best that we could to identify what we thought was a reasonable number of an increase that they needed in the immediate term. So we were, and I think our word was we were hamstrung in making a more definitive----    Mr. Perrelli. We were certainly disappointed that we could not get a number of questions answered.    Mr. Perrelli. We do think they need real experts in that area and that promoting from the agent population is not probably the way to go there.    Mr. Perrelli. Certainly. So it is not so much about tracking the money that they receive is the issue, but it is a work force and staffing model to make decisions about how do deploy the resources that they have. Again, it is more in the planning side where we found and the retention, the capturing of data side that we found deficiencies. I think on this question of more resources, for us, training really drove resources. If we wanted to, you know, we were unable, I think, to do the analysis to say, if we want to bring everyone down to a 55-hour week, how would do you it? What we were able to look at was if we wanted to bring everyone up to an appropriate level of training, pursuant to the benchmarks that Ms. Gray talked about earlier, how much would it take? That analysis we were able to do. And that is the basis for the 200 additional Uniform Division and 85 additional special agents.    Mr. Perrelli. I think probably the way this is likely to happen, obviously we would like the new leadership team to make very specific choices about this, but you would bring in an additional special agent population. Those individuals would come on board. They would go out to the field and begin their sort of 4-to 5-year training period that they get before they would come to the President's detail. And then you would bring individuals in from the field to increase the levels at the White House for the special agents.    Mr. Perrelli. We looked at this question of the use of force policy, for example, which had been discussed quite a bit in the Mayorkas report. I think what we found was very different views, notwithstanding the same words on the page and the same, very different views about what force was appropriate in various circumstances. And I think we felt that both that additional training on that was needed, but also that they needed integrated training so that each individual knew what their role was, who is the person who is the last line of defense at the door, who is the person who is doing the tackling, all of those, you know, how do you work in an environment where a K-9 has been released, those kinds of things we felt, and again, I think the events of September 19th indicated, needed to be addressed.    Mr. Perrelli. Again, I refer back to the chairman's chart at the outset, that there was certainly a period of time where the Service's hiring process was not functioning as intended, whether for budgetary or other reasons. Because problems with the hiring process, they were not getting classes through. Our sense is that that has improved. They are using different hiring practices again. And we think that is improving. But as Mr. Filip indicated, we continue to believe that having--some of the mistakes that have been made in the past related to not having a professionalized human resources function, or led by professionals in that area. And we think that is an important change going forward.    Mr. Perrelli. There was a gap, a number--2 or 3 years there where they were not bringing classes through at the levels that they needed to sustain the work force.    Mr. Perrelli. I think there were budgetary issues. And then--but it was also the hiring process. It wasn't that they lacked for applicants. It was that they struggled to get them through the process in a timely way. You would have people start the process, go through the process for up to a year, and then fall out of the process either because they failed a polygraph or for other reasons.    Mr. Perrelli. And I think our concern was, again, looking at that gap that the--really looking 3 or 4 years out from now where the individuals who, in an ordinary year, would have been hired and weren't, would be starting their rotation in Washington as part of the President or the Vice President's protective detail. So I think we think a new Director needs to start planning now for that. And that also includes, as you look forward, 2020 is going to be a year with the 75th anniversary of the United Nations, a Presidential campaign. That is going to be a year where the Service is going to be quite busy. And they need to make sure that they have the personnel ready to go and trained for that period. And that takes preparation now.    Mr. Perrelli. And I think, as we talked about in our report, I think the issue that we really saw was the Service having difficulty in defining what it needed and seeking resources for that. So it wasn't so much that--it wasn't that Congress was saying, you know, we are not going to provide the President's budget. It was that, as this was working up through the process, the Service was approaching its budget by saying, ``Here is how much we have. Maybe we ask for a little bit more,'' rather than saying, ``Here is what the mission is, here is what we need to achieve it,'' and pursuing those resources.    Mr. Perrelli. Well, you know, one, these folks are working extremely long hours. And as I think we--in our leadership recommendations, we talk about the lack of confidence in the work force about disciplinary and other decisions, which I think, you know, has an impact there.    You know, if you are--you know, we met with uniform division sergeants just shortly before Thanksgiving. And for them, they didn't know whether they were working on--and they didn't know if they would be--they didn't think they would know whether they were working on Thanksgiving until Thanksgiving morning. Those kinds of things, plus long hours of forced overtime, they take a toll on the work force.    Mr. Perrelli. I think that you are likely to see, Congressman, with the change in hiring process a shift to probably drawing more from State and local law enforcement and ex-military, which I think has been more common to the Service prior to the period when we think their hiring practices really became problematic.    Mr. Perrelli. So I think when we looked at--so with respect to the agent population, we just don't think there are actually accurate records for that because what we found was agents routinely enter 8 hours and 2 hours of a law enforcement availability pay time, even when they are working 17, 18, 20 hours. So that, I think, we--we think the accurate records for that are difficult to find.    With respect----    Mr. Perrelli. Well, they are getting paid for their 8 hours and their LEA pay. You know, I think--you know, frankly, we want a high-performing culture. We don't want a group of individuals in the Secret Service punching the clock. I don't think they view it as uncompensated time because I think--but certainly they are working, you know, extraordinarily long hours, well beyond what anybody has measured.    Mr. Perrelli. So in the uniform division, they are compensated for overtime. And what we found in the uniform division side is that there were wide variations. Some people were working extraordinary amounts of overtime. I think the--the precise number I don't have right at my fingertips, but I think it is 58 hours on average, but again with wide variation.    Mr. Perrelli. And I do think that is a finding of our report, is that rather than bring on new personnel and train them up and get them ready, what happened was the need kept increasing, the personnel on board did not keep increasing, and they essentially substituted overtime for bringing on new personnel. So again, you are looking at the chairman's chart. If you see the gap in hiring and the number of classes that go through, that is made up through overtime. And we think a less tired work force would, you know--some of that obviously would be compensated--and bringing on new people, having a less tired work force, some of that would be compensated by less overtime.    Mr. Perrelli. We agree with that.    Mr. Perrelli. I would echo that. And, you know, we--one of the opportunities that we had as a panel was to talk broadly across the Federal Government in areas of technology and management. And we think there is a lot of talent that could help the Service. And we think that while, you know, certainly promoting from within for certain positions is important, we also think that there should be more people at senior levels who come from outside the Service with different backgrounds.    Mr. Perrelli. Well, I think--and it does reflect an effort by the Service to address, you know, a short-term, trying to ensure they have adequate manpower at the White House. But I think similar to the questions we talked about about overtime, that is not a cost effective and long-term strategy for dealing with these issues. That is why we recommend them bringing on more people, permanent hires, the 200 additional uniformed division, the 85 additional special agents, because we think that that is a better way to do this than more expensive ways to do that that have--they are really only for short-term.    Mr. Perrelli. I think that is right.    Mr. Perrelli. OK. I think it--and I just echo. I also think it is--you need to bring in those experts and you need to give them a seat at the leadership table.    Mr. Perrelli. We got a mix of views on that. And again, I think very, very telling that there were a number of individuals who talked to us who said, you know, that, you know, we really needed--that would be a sign of change and that we think that as an organization we would benefit from that. So we did get a mix of views on that.    There is--you know, within the agent population, I think, as we talk about in the report, there were questions about promotions and whether--was this one being fairly applied and were promotions being fairly applied? And I think that is something that a new Director has got to regain the confidence of the work force on.    On the uniform division side, over time there have been eras in the Secret Service where it was possible to move up from the uniform division up through the special agent ranks, even to the Director of the Service. What we see, at least today, is a view of the uniform division that that pathway isn't really open. And I think a new Director has got to think about opening that up again.    Mr. Perrelli. Thousands of pages of documents. Everything from, you know, prior reports, sort of of the kind--you know, in the 1990's, for example, there was the plane that went down----    Mr. Perrelli . In the White House property. So there were a series of reports that came out of that. But as well as lots of budgetary documents, certainly, you know, manuals about everything from training to how to undertake certain operational activities. So I think a pretty wide range of information. Certainly with respect to our classified report, we give details on specific classified documents as part of this report.    Mr. Perrelli. I think both.    Mr. Perrelli. I think that we got terrific response from the Service when we asked for things. And so I think we were very happy with the responsiveness, both of the documents. And, frankly, folks came to us with a lot of candor, you know, and gave us their unvarnished view.    Mr. Perrelli. I would probably have to ask our staff to talk about timeframes, because I probably wasn't as focused on them. I am not sure any of the panel members were.    Mr. Perrelli. We were brought on board at the end of October and then we worked through December 15th.    Mr. Perrelli. No. I think--as I think we indicated, I think one of the challenges was trying to get the kind of budget----    Mr. Perrelli . The kind of resource documents with respect to evaluating some of the staffing issues that we were concerned about. So, as I think we noted, trying to get that information was challenging and I think, in no small part, because I don't think they have it in a form that is--you know, would be sort of useful to use. And so I think that--you know, I would identify that as a challenge that we had.    Mr. Perrelli. Those documents, because I think--or that information. I think more of it as information than documents. We wanted to make some, you know, even more specific recommendations about the appropriate size of the Service. And because it was difficult to get information about manpower usage and about particular staffing, you know, as I think I indicated to one member, you know, we were able to assess from the bottom up what you would need to bring the training level up. But it was much more difficult to assess if you wanted to bring everybody's hours down to a reasonable level, what would that take?    Mr. Perrelli. And we weren't able to do that.