    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. In 2010, when I was the Chairman of the Coast Guard Subcommittee, I convened two hearings to examine the status of a U.S.-flag fleet. During those hearings, our Subcommittee Members bemoaned the continuing decline of the U.S.-flag oceangoing fleet, noted its dependence on preference cargoes, and the MSP program, and emphasized that if we did not take decisive action to arrest the decline, it would continue. During those hearings, we were repeating warnings and observations that had already been made in the 2000s, the 1990s, and then the 1981 GAO study.    In the intervening 5 years, the MAP-21 highway bill cut, from 75 to 50 percent, the amount of government-impelled agricultural commodities that have to be carried on U.S.-flag vessels. The drawdown from Iraq and Afghanistan has sharply reduced U.S. military cargoes, and no new policies have been implemented to stabilize the U.S.-flag fleet in foreign trade. And, guess what, the size of the U.S.-flag oceangoing fleet in foreign trade has continued to decline. When I was Subcommittee Chairman, we had just over 100 vessels in the fleet. As of last month, we have 78.    Today's hearing appears to be an exercise in repetition. However, there is no mystery surrounding the decline of our fleet that needs further study. The only question is whether we, as a nation, are simply resigned to see our oceangoing foreign trade fleet sail away, and leave our nation, and its commerce, totally dependent on foreign flag vessels. I believe that, contrary to mischaracterizations prevalent in the media, that the United States Merchant Marine is an essential component of a vast network of logistics contractors that support our U.S. military and sustain and create broader economic opportunities in communities around our nation. And I also believe that spending U.S. taxpayer dollars to buy food grown by U.S. farmers, and transport it on U.S.-flag vessels crewed by U.S. seafarers is not unlike other Buy America policies that ensure the expenditure of U.S. taxpayer dollars to support the interests of the United States taxpayers.    And with that, let me ask all of the witnesses, what is the most important thing that could be done right now to at least arrest the decline in the U.S.-flag oceangoing fleet in foreign trade?    Mr. Cummings. Okay, number two?    Mr. Cummings. What happened to four, five, six, and seven?    Mr. Cummings. Go ahead.    Mr. Shapiro.--might exceed my time.    Mr. Cummings. Does does anybody else have anything?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.