    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank this panel. It is an important issue we are trying to deal with, obesity in America. I need to get into some other areas here because I want to look at this picture globally. None of us want to have the epidemic of obesity and the problems it brings along with this.    There is a lot more that goes with this. As you know, there are a couple schools I have been monitoring over the years not in my district. One is a very famous study done with Naperville Schools outside of Chicago. They actually required physical activity, intensive, not just battle ball, throw the ball, get hit, sit down so you are not doing anything, but real cardiovascular activity, where they wear monitors. And they found that their obesity rate plummeted. And they found that kids who were involved in these activities, their reading scores went up, their math score went up dramatically. Similar studies have been done in Cambridge, Massachusetts and other places. But it does raise other issues.    So calories itself, I am concerned about, is a very passive, small number. And if you look at studies out there of cause of obesity, it includes genetics, family history, age of the person, pregnancy, sleep levels, emotional wellness, medications they are on, other health conditions, such as thyroid and adrenal gland functioning, smoking. Anybody propose we put all those things on the message boards too? Because those are going to be much more predictive. In other words, if what you do is sit in front of your TV and eat our food and that is all you do, you will get fat. I don't care what restaurant it is.    And I get concerned that we are taking out, pardon the pun, such a small slice of information here, that we are not getting Americans the information to get off your butt and move. That is what it ought to be.    Now, I like it when some restaurants actually say that, some box of cereal say that. Good for them. I think that is a powerful message for kids. But I start to look at also how these messages go through. And we are going to have some things that I am not quite sure get the whole thing out. If we are going to be comprehensive, let's be comprehensive. I mean, for example, I understand that daily chef specials are going to be exempt from this. Is that true?    Mr. Murphy. Does that, is it more, and why is it more difficult to provide nutrition information in a grocery or convenience store than in a restaurant? Could someone tell me that?    Mr. Murphy. Now, you also compete for customers against traditional restaurants too?    Mr. Murphy. Prepared food?    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. And those that have online or kiosk ordering, as part of this, are we going to have the technology to provide that kind of information on the kiosk? When you say I want the special number 1, it is going to flash--is that what we are going to be doing? Is that what you are proposing? Dr. Wootan?    Mr. Murphy. But there is individual reactions to those too. I mean, it is different if you say, if you smoke, you got a pretty high percentage risk you are going to get an illness from that. Not everybody who smokes gets cancer. But it is a high percentage. Not everybody who gets cancer smokes.    But I wonder about this, do we reach the point, we give people this false sense of security, if you only know your calories, you are going to be oK. And all those other factors I mentioned, I am actually more concerned about kids that are not moving. Because it is that formula, you have to, if you take in the same amount of calories as you burn, you don't gain weight. If you take in more than you burn, you gain weight, et cetera.    So I think we have a long way to go on this in terms of other things with health promotion. But I see my time is up, so I am going to have to yield back. Thank you.