    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you General Breedlove and Ms. Wormuth for being here. Just a follow-up on the A-10 issue, and we all know that it is more than just armor that it can devastate. Having sons that actually saw the use of A-10s on unconventional forces and the fear factor that placed upon them was huge. So I would just, once again, I happen to like the A-10s because my kids, who called upon them to protect them when danger was close, was phenomenal.    But getting past that and we've talked about Russia, I think, and a lot of this needs to be in a classified setting, I agree. But when you talk about ISIS, and particularly forget about ISIS but talk about the Islamic extremism that is rampant across this world, I start to worry that, you know, we try to isolate--you know, we have got European Command, what goes on within Europe. Then we have, you know, Africa Command, which is under-resourced, obviously. One of my sons actually did a tour down in Africa training up Ghanaian soldiers.    But when you look at the threat, and we had King Abdullah here, that really gave us, I think, a very enlightened aspect in regards to, you know, the fight is within Islam itself. And until I think we identify the fact that is where the fight is, that is problematic on strategy.    But he was saying, and I tend to agree, is that it needs to be a coordinated attack across the broad spectrum, and I don't know that we have the ability to have a coordinated fight brought to the Islamic extremists when you have them parceled out by Africa Command, European Command, and what goes on in PACOM .    Is there a way to coordinate all of that? Because I worry that we are not--and he was talking about that coordinated approach in particular.    General Breedlove. I will allow the Secretary to talk to the larger part of the question, but let me assure you that we are not doing disparate attacks. I just literally came from Kuwait, where all of the leaders, to include our new Secretary of Defense, came together to talk about just your issue, of how we stay coordinated.    That area of the world, where CENTCOM, AFRICOM, and EUCOM comes together, Rod Rodriguez and Lloyd Austin and I work this personally all the time to not allow seams. Again, witnessed by what we just did in Kuwait. I will turn the rest of the question over to the Secretary.    Mr. Nugent. And I think that was the biggest concern that we have as a committee in regards to what is the strategy. And I think that we have been somewhat reluctant in regards to the strategy. We are going to hear, you know, on AUMF and what is the real strategy going forward. And it is not just ISIS. This is a much broader issue of Islamic extremism.    And until I think the administration actually drills down and says the words, it kind of diminishes. And what you don't want to do is give credence to the caliphate or ISIL or whatever. I think that just creates a bigger problem for us when we add legitimacy to that.    And lastly, just on Ukraine, I would just say--and I agree with the chairman--it hasn't worked so far. And I understand what happens when we ratchet up and we give lethal aid to the Ukrainians. But I had a meeting last night with some Ukrainians in an off setting and they are absolutely concerned about their loved ones that are still there and what is going to happen to them. And these folks are U.S. citizens concerned about what is going to happen.    And so I would think that we have not been very successful in predicting Mr. Putin's actions, but I think our inaction is more of an appeasement than it is of showing leadership.    And I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. I don't want to try y'all's patience too long. I do have just a handful of things I would like to ask about briefly. Several people asked about NATO defense budgets, Wales summit sets a goal 2 percent. General, I know you have these conversations with your counterparts all the time in NATO.    So far do you see anybody heading up, and who is?    General Breedlove. Mr. Chairman, it is a great question and I would like to answer it in two ways. Yes, we have seen nations, including some of the Baltics that were mentioned earlier, who have made a pledge and showed a plan on how they will attain their 2 percent spending. Now they are very motivated. Other nations also are in the same boat.    We also, in truth, have seen a couple of nations whose administrations have changed. Remember this was national leaders that made this commitment and those national leaders have changed and we see a little regression in a couple.    Let me not try to pump sunshine but point out a few good things, and that is, separate from the 2 percent, also important is that their militaries step up to the mission we need to do. Defense starts at home. And as we have made these three basic changes in NATO as a function of the Readiness Action Plan, RAP, we are standing up the Very High Readiness Task Force. We needed three or four nations to be center brigades for that task force. We got six volunteer nations to step up to that in our recent defense ministerials.    As we stand up these six new units in our easternmost nations, they are NATO Force Integration Units--we jokingly call them nephews--they will be receiving an onward moving capability of NATO nations in these countries. And we have strong pledges, again, for the manning and standing up those units.    And then last but not least, the fundamental change in what we are going to expect from the Multinational Corps Northeast in Stechin, Poland, which will take on that Article 5 responsibility in the east and the north, strong manning conference and a strong pledge by the three framework nations, including us, the United States, stepping up our participation in that headquarters to bring it to capability.    So I painted a long picture, but the bottom line is we also ask them to step up with their forces, and to this point they are answering, Chairman.    The Chairman. That is helpful. Thank you. One issue that I don't believe has come up today is the threat of Islamic infiltration through the Mediterranean. So we all saw or knew of this horrible beheading of Coptic Christians on the coast of Libya. There is clearly an ISIS presence there. I read that the Italians are quite concerned about what is going to come up from the south.    Is NATO considering naval patrols of some sort to deal with this threat? Or is it a real threat, I guess?    General Breedlove. Chairman, it is a real threat and it is one of the primary concerns of our southern NATO nations. I think you heard me mention a little bit earlier that coming out of Wales and every meeting since we have had a strong recognition that we have to adapt NATO to be able to react to the north and east and the problem with a revanchist Russia, but we also have to look to the south because we have a multifaceted problem in the south. From migration flows, organized crime, terror, all the problems that are occurring in the ungoverned spaces in northern Africa are bleeding across the Mediterranean in the south.    And as a part of the tasking I was given in my other hat as the Supreme Allied Commander of Europe, we have to deliver a plan for addressing that. We will deliver that on the 31st of March. We delivered first the plan to address the north and the east, and next we will deliver our papers to look at the south threat as well. And you are right, Chairman, this is a multifaceted approach to include naval applications.    The Chairman. If I were in some of those nations, I would be concerned about how long that is taking to get a plan because these folks seem to move really quickly. I think you may have answered this, but other than budgetary considerations, your preference would be to have a permanent stationing of forces in Eastern Europe rather than a rotational one, is that correct?    General Breedlove. Chairman, yes.    The Chairman. And it would be those Eastern European countries' preference as well.    General Breedlove. Chairman, if I could back up and clarify what I just said. I am in favor of permanent stationed forces in Europe. I think that the discussion of in our easternmost nations this is a different discussion for all of the reasons that you understand. Does that answer?    The Chairman. We need to go country by country as to their preferences. That makes sense.    Ms. Wormuth, lots of discussion about arms control and tactical nukes and so forth. But isn't it true that the Russian public doctrine is evolving to include the potential use of tactical nuclear weapons against even conventional forces? So that this potential danger by these tactical nukes that were not included in New START is taking on a little bit of a different enhanced meaning?