    Ms. Hogan. Madam Chairwoman, Ranking Member Lowey, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the invitation to testify today, and thank you for the committee's continuing support for USAID's work in Central America.    I am pleased to update you on our efforts to address the root causes of migration and the crisis that we saw stemming from problems in Central America last summer.    As Administrator Lenhardt testified last week, USAID's mission is to partner to end extreme poverty and promote resilient, democratic societies. In Central America, USAID assistance has improved access to health and education, created new businesses, contributed to justice reforms, improved food security, and responded to natural disasters.    However, in recent years, social development and economic growth have been stymied by a dramatic rise in crime and violence, particularly in the Northern Triangle. This insecurity is rooted in deep-seated issues of social and economic inequality, the failure of the region's governments and private sector to expand economic opportunity for vast segments of the population, and increases in gang violence and transnational crime.    We must work together to address the underlying factors that are compelling migration. As Vice President Biden said, the cost of investing now in a secure and prosperous Central America is modest compared with the cost of letting violence and poverty fester.    To that end, we have developed an interagency whole-of-government strategy that advances three interrelated objectives: security, prosperity, and governance.    The heart of USAID's security work is youth-focused crime and violence prevention. We have supported and tested a range of community-level prevention approaches in the highest crime communities in these countries. These include partnering with civil society, governments, and the private sector to create safe community spaces, expand after-school activities, provide job and life skills training for at-risk youth, build trust between police and residents, and launch community crime-prevention committees.    Last fall, the results of an independent impact evaluation confirmed that these community-level prevention programs are working. The study showed significantly fewer robberies, murders, and extortion reported in the neighborhoods where USAID is working compared to similar communities where we are not.    With additional resources under the new strategy, we are prepared to help governments of the Northern Triangle scale up what is working, particularly in the communities from which youth are migrating.    Advancing prosperity in the region requires a concerted effort by governments and the private sector to reduce persistent poverty and create an enabling economic environment that includes women, youth, and marginalized populations. USAID is working to drive economic activity throughout the Northern Triangle with programs that prepare youth to join the formal labor force and increase their incomes.    Last year, I heard from youth involved in our workforce development programs that offer these out-of-school youth from poor and dangerous neighborhoods an alternative to gang involvement or illegal migration. The success of these programs is typical of the one I visited in Guatemala, where 75 percent of graduates obtain employment, return to school, or start a business within 1 year.    The sustainability of these programs depends upon strong governance from the Northern Triangle countries. For these reasons, USAID will continue to promote government accountability, institutional checks and balances, judicial reforms, human rights protections, and increased civil society participation in the democratic process.    In El Salvador, for example, we have had success helping the government improve tax administration and thereby increase its spending on its own security programs.    Local ownership also requires partnering with the private sector to leverage resources and spur development. USAID has 16 active public-private partnerships in Central America. In the last 5 years, these partnerships have leveraged nearly $160 million in private sector resources to complement our own investments in development. As an example, partnerships with more than 40 small and large companies in Honduras are helping us connect small-scale farmers to valuable markets.    The success of the Central America strategy requires unambiguous commitment, leadership, and ownership of the Northern Triangle governments. Fortunately, those countries are demonstrating a deepening commitment to advocate their own development goals. This political will, in combination with improved local capacity, leveraged resources, and new partnerships, will allow us to help Central American governments create a peaceful, prosperous, and integrated region and, in so doing, improve the security and prosperity of our own people.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Hogan. If I may, I would like to add to that in terms of what is different. I think we are different in the way we are approaching these problems. We are approaching them in a much more integrated fashion, as Ambassador Brownfield just alluded to.    Also, because these governments are stepping forward and committing themselves to very tough policy changes that they are going to take on and new regulations that they are going to make, we are going to tie our assistance to their ability to do just that. And so we are not going to have resources lead reforms; we are going to have resources follow reforms.    If, in fact, we see countries stall or backtrack on the commitments which they have themselves committed to, we are going to come back to you and ask your concurrence to reprogram resources to those countries that are advancing and are keeping faith with the changes that they have agreed to make.    In El Salvador, we have something called a Partnership for Growth, and, in that partnership, we have something called a scorecard. It is a very public document, and it lists very specifically what donors are going to do and what the Government of El Salvador is going to do and the private sector is going to do.    And that is the kind of model that we want to replicate as we move forward in the implementation of this program so that it is very clear, not just to governments but to the citizens of those countries, that this is what their governments have committed to, and we will hold them accountable to achieving that. And if they don't, as I say, we will look at other ways of reprogramming those resources.    Ms. Hogan. Well, I will just quickly say that, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the private sector is getting engaged. We have raised $350 million in public-private partnerships since 2013----    Ms. Hogan. Our intention----    Ms. Hogan. In the short term, we are mitigating. These programs will take time to have the full impact----    Ms. Hogan. Okay. Let me just say quickly that one of the things that we did in response to the surge is we invested in helping governments develop the reception centers to be able to take back----    Ms. Hogan . These children and families. And I actually witnessed that----    Ms. Hogan. Oh.    Ms. Hogan. Right.    Ms. Hogan. Will do.    Ms. Hogan. Certainly. I would be happy to.    In fact, we have just launched a new energy initiative with the Eastern Caribbean countries to try to help them look at ways that they can have alternative energy introduced into the grid. Of course, no island nations are safe from the impact of climate change and the frequency of increased and more turbulent storms that they get on a regular basis, so we are working with them on disaster mitigation and preparation.    We are also working with them under the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative because they, too, have seen a spike in crime and violence related to the drug trade. As it goes down in one place, it pops up higher in someplace else, and that has been the fact that we have seen in the Caribbean. And so we are working--similarly to the work that we do in CARSI, we are also doing that work in the Caribbean.    In Jamaica, as well, we have just launched a $10 million energy initiative. We know that part of the problem for the Caribbean is that they have a very, very high cost for energy compared to the rest of the world. So anything that we can do to help them conserve energy, find alternative uses, alternative sources of energy, and bring down their energy costs will help them develop their own economies and their security.    Ms. Hogan. Certainly.    Ms. Hogan. Thank you for your question.    And you are right; we can't be everywhere. However, this proposal for a new strategy will allow us to at least scale up to a level where we think we can have national-level impact, provided that the government invests its own resources. And I am happy to say that in Honduras they have created a tax, a security tax, of which they have given us up to $2 million thus far to open additional community centers, which replicates the USAID model.    So, going forward, we know what works, but to expand it to the level that is required, it is going to require increased investments from us, from governments, from private sector. And that is what we hope to achieve.    Ms. Hogan. Thank you for the question. I am happy to respond.    In fact, we are designing programs now in anticipation of increased resources both in fiscal year 2015 as well as the large increase in fiscal year 2016 that we are requesting so that we will be ready to work with governments and the private sector to absorb those resources.    You know, this kind of an increase in Latin America and in Central America specifically isn't unprecedented. We had a huge increase in resources post-peace-process in Guatemala. We had a huge increase in resources in the region post-Hurricane Mitch. This is another huge increase in resources, but it is shared amongst three countries, and it is to build out what has been predominantly a security approach to two other lines of action.    So, taken together, we think that we will be able to very ably invest those resources. So much is needed. And we are very excited about the opportunities that this request will enable both the governments and our own agency to help drive development results in a new way.