    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning.    I am new to this Committee and new to this Congress, so I am going to maybe run through to try to get myself up to speed.    One, there was discussion about credentialing, and you mentioned trying to look at best practices. To what extent does Indian Health Service and the tribes--I understand the frustrations of providers getting credentialed in a timely fashion. Do you have any sort of a uniform credentialing application trying to avoid the multiple primary source verification requirements at each step? Have you looked at a CVO, a credentialing verification organization, to try to expedite the process?    Mr. Jenkins. Not only having a similar application but having some sort of a credentialing verification organization that does that primary source verification once so it does not have to be repeated over and over.    Secondly, with regard to EMR, you know, everybody gets excited. We all have been caught up in the wave, and we agree that that is the direction of health care delivery but an incredible amount of money can get dumped into it. There is frustration because of different types of EMR systems out there. What are you doing with regard to making sure that there is an EMR system that is robust for scheduling, for e-prescribing, but most importantly, the ability to share data between the prescriber, between the hospital with the patient? Unfortunately so many of these EMRs simply do not talk to each other and do not share data.    Mr. Jenkins. Next, liability. I am very familiar with the Federal Tort Claim Act under claims for FQHCs and others. In the IHS and tribal world a claim for allegation of medical negligence, is that handled under Federal Tort Claim?    Mr. Jenkins. All right. Finally, one of my passion areas in substance abuse, and I want to drill down, is the treatment of NAS babies, neonatal abstinence syndrome, drug-exposed babies during pregnancy. What are you doing with regard to prenatal care, working with the OBs and the peds for post-delivery NAS treatment? I think there is significant savings that can be had by taking care of these newborns going through the ravages of drug withdrawal. There can be a more efficient process than being in a NICU and certain non-traditional spaces for dealing with the NAS babies. Is this issue on your radar screen, and if so, how are you handling it?    Mr. Jenkins. It is an area of interest to me, and I look forward to working with you and seeing where you are making those investments because the Chairman of our full Committee, he is looking for ways to be efficient and save money, and I appreciate the leadership of this Subcommittee, so I look forward to working with you.    I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, thank you for the courtesy call. How are you today? Good.    As a new member, I understand the complexities of all the hats you must wear, certainly projects, programs, like the National Park Service and all. I appreciate the investment, the work in West Virginia, the national parks in my district, so thank you very much. I want to focus a little bit on the OSM and follow up most specifically on Chairman Rogers' questioning. I would agree totally with the comments that he made. Let me just kind of dive in on a couple of specifics.    Number one, he referenced a study that indicated that the stream buffer zone rule would look at an effect of probably saving in the neighborhood of about 15 miles of stream. Is that an accurate number?    Mr. Jenkins. Based on the work that you all have done in the preparation of this rule, what number do you think it is?    Mr. Jenkins. Okay. So basically then you are not estimating the effects and consequences in terms of stream miles of the effects of the rules that you would put into place. I think I heard you just say that you do not know what it would be.    Mr. Jenkins. Do you not think it is important to analyze in the rulemaking process as you contemplate different policies what the effects of those are? So we may not save any stream miles. You do not know.    Mr. Jenkins. Your opening statement submitted to the committee is replete with comments about economic engines, and fair returns, and the growth of domestic energy portfolio. I come from a coal district. We have a lot of surface mines in my district. Do you anticipate the stream buffer zone rule to grow and expand surface mining activity in my State?    Mr. Jenkins. Well, the Office of Surface Mining responsible for the regulation of surface mine activities in my State, is under your jurisdiction.    Mr. Jenkins. Okay. So, again, you have been working on this rule for some time, and I think you have indicated that you are pretty close to having this rule issued.    Mr. Jenkins. And at this point you still do not know what this proposed rule's impact will have on surface mining activity in my State or anyplace else.    Mr. Jenkins. But my sense is in developing the proposed rule, the modeling should have already occurred. The modeling should be conducted in order to develop at least the proposed rule, and that if you are getting ready to issue this, I would hope that the modeling would have already occurred. But what I have heard thus far is you do not know if this is going to protect one inch of extra stream. We do not know if this is going to have one positive or negative impact on surface mining in my State or anyplace else. And to me, it just seems odd that we are the top of the 9th inning, and you are here telling us you still do not know.    Mr. Jenkins. Can you tell me how much stream----    Mr. Jenkins. Was there a briefing on the jobs impact?    Mr. Jenkins. Let me ask you this. Is there a jobs impact? I was an advocate of jobs impact reviews at the State level in West Virginia. You know, we talk about environmental impacts. We talk about fiscal notes for fiscal impacts, what is the cost of government. I am a passionate believer in a jobs impact review. There are some incredibly powerful modeling tools, like the REMI model and others. Did you do a jobs impact of the stream buffer rule proposal, and what is the result of that jobs impact?    Mr. Jenkins. Can you get those for me?    Mr. Jenkins. So we do not know about the stream beds, we do not know about the coal mining activity, and we do not know, at least here today, what the jobs impact is.    Mr. Jenkins. You talk, and, again, your comment earlier, ``our budget reflects our priorities.'' And your priorities, you have listed throughout things like climate change, and you are talking about making targeted increases to carry out that climate change agenda. And you talk about this Power+ Program and the money from the Abandoned Mine Fund.    What in this budget invests in the West Virginia communities, like Chairman Rogers' from Kentucky, that have been decimated by the loss of coal jobs? We, too, are in the 8,000-, 9,000 jobs lost because of this war on coal. And so, throughout I see you keep promoting your climate change agenda, and you say that your budget reflects your priorities. I think your priority is the climate change agenda, and that you are putting money into furthering that agenda. You talk about communities and wanting to help people and help communities. It is wiping out southern West Virginia, Madam Secretary. And the rule that you are being charged with crafting is going to have a devastating impact and exacerbate the problem. What are you going to do for us?    Mr. Jenkins. Can I ask you one quick question? Chairman Rogers, or maybe it was another member, said that Power+ cannot be implemented under the current statutory structure in that the money from the Abandoned Mine Fund can only be used for reforestation. So is it accurate to say that the President's proposal to use money for these Power+ projects cannot occur without congressional action?    Mr. Jenkins. Troubles in West Virginia, Greenbrier County, Fayette County and your EPA folks on the ground have been very helpful in the water quality testing and, you know, it kind of reminds me of what the core functions of the EPA are and those are important functions and I appreciate that kind of work. My concern is that there are a number of actions and activities of the EPA that I simply can't agree with. I am very familiar with what I believe and so many others believe is agency overreach as it comes to the Buffalo Mountain Project, and the Spruce Mine Project. It is just incredible to me that you can have a Corps-issued permit and then turn around and have the EPA retroactively veto it.    With both of these projects and so many others, the message coming out from this EPA and their actions are having, candidly, a devastating impact on my state and my people. This is real as you well know, I am sure. We have lost 9,000 jobs in West Virginia just in the last few years that have been impacted, in my opinion, in a large degree--but I don't think anybody would dispute at least some degree--by the actions and behaviors of the EPA.    And I am glad you are nodding your head.    Mr. Jenkins. Well, okay. I was hoping that the nodding meant you agree. But I am very troubled. Our production is down 20 percent in just the last few years and now you are proposing a water rule and a power plan that is going to exacerbate the unemployment, the underemployment of the people of West Virginia. And I simply can't support that. You know, as a new member of Congress, I get a justification of appropriated--this is your justification, supposedly, for what I call your war on coal.    And it is a war on coal. It is a war on the jobs of the people of West Virginia. You went on your listening tour but you didn't come to West Virginia and you were challenged yesterday by the congressman from Ohio who just simply asked, would you come to my state? You could not bring yourself to say, yes, I will come to Ohio.    So let me ask you, will you come to West Virginia?    Mr. Jenkins. And I saw how you worked with the congressman yesterday. Just simply, will you come to West Virginia to hear the voices of the people of our state of the impact on the coal and water plan and rules that you have got? Will you come to West Virginia personally?    Mr. Jenkins. The stakeholders that I care about are the hardworking men and women of West Virginia. It is incredible to me that the administrator wants to go off and meet with groups. Why don't you want to meet with the people? Meet with the people of West Virginia. Look at that coal miner in the eye.    That coal miner may not be with a stakeholder group but they have got to put food on their table each and every day and that hardworking miner needs to get government off its back. So what I am asked to do as an appropriator now is say, do I agree with your justification for your budget.    So let me ask you, number one, does your budget, if we approve it as requested, give you the third largest budget in EPA history?    Mr. Jenkins. Okay, the next question then.    Mr. Jenkins. Okay, well, great.    Mr. Jenkins. Does your budget propose a $58 million increase to fund the President's climate action plan?    Mr. Jenkins. Okay. This budget increase proposal increases your budget by almost a half a billion dollars.    Mr. Jenkins. And but it also cuts, does it not, it cuts out $54 million from the State Revolving Funds Program?    Mr. Jenkins. And your budget sets forth that you are not growing the number of FTE workers. Instead what you actually are doing, while you take pride in maybe not growing your employment, you actually are asking for funding for lawyers to carry out the regulatory and the legal challenges that you are faced with, are you not?    Mr. Jenkins. Well, so you are not asking for new money, I think it was $27 million to fund a new FTE lawyers----    Mr. Jenkins. Okay, well----    Mr. Jenkins. Less--you want more lawyers----    Mr. Jenkins. Well, I don't want to fund more lawyers to defend what I believe is overreach and improper action. Last question.    Mr. Jenkins. Yesterday I was stunned, stunned, you said ``In the data we see, job loss is not a consequence of an environmental rule.'' So you are saying the actions of your agency and environmental rules have no impact on job losses?    Mr. Jenkins. Well, let me ask you just simply----    Mr. Jenkins . I know my time is up. Let me just simply ask you because I have got the audio for it and I would play it for the speaker right now. You said, ``In the data we see, job loss is not a consequence of an environmental rule.'' And that, to me, showed an incredible lack of sensitivity and awareness and concern about the actions of this agency.    Because if you go into your rulemaking process with an attitude that nothing we do impacts jobs, then you don't care about jobs and I do. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.