    Mr. Pallone. I want to thank the chairman and our Ranking Member Eshoo for having this hearing, and welcome Managing Director Wilkins.    We are here today to take a look at the Federal Communications Commission's fiscal year 2016 budget estimates. The FCC has broad jurisdiction. It oversees industries that account for approximately \1/6\ of the economy, and growing, but it also has been operating with the same budget for the better part of a decade now, and that does not account for the damage done by the sequester. So I should note that the FCC operates with fewer than 1,700 full-time employees, and I would say that that is certainly a small but efficient agency.    This year, the FCC asked for a $48 million increase in its budget authority over last year. The vast majority of that increase would pay to move the commission's headquarters to a new home. Overall, the move would create a smaller footprint for the agency, which will save $119 million over the next 15 years. Most of the remaining increase is to upgrade the commission's aging and creaky information technology infrastructure, which Ms. Eshoo mentioned, and that is an update that will net a savings of up to $10 million over the next 5 years. This is the same computer system that famously ground to a halt under the weight of 4,000,000 Americans writing in to voice their opinions about network neutrality, and 4,000,000 is certainly an eye-popping number when it comes to comments on a single proceeding. Modern computers, however, should be able to handle that load without blinking.    Now, together, these temporary budget increases will save the government nearly $130 million in the long run. Rejecting these costs out-of-hand would be penny wise but pound foolish, and fortunately, this subcommittee is practiced at reviewing these types of budget requests.    Today's hearing is actually different than other FCC budget hearings for a couple of reasons. First, it is the start of an effort to revive an FCC reauthorization process that has been dormant for 25 years, with the struggle Republicans have been facing to fund the Department of Homeland Security, however, I doubt the public wants us to create a brand new funding cliff. Second, the timing of today's budget hearing has raised some eyebrows, coming just days after the commission adopted new network neutrality protections. And now, that might be a coincidence, and I am hopeful it is because I think we should all agree that this committee has a responsibility to conduct a genuine oversight. We must make sure the FCC's dollars go as far as possible, but we should also ask whether the commission has sufficient funding to maintain its critical services for the public, and together, it is our job to make sure that we strike the right balance.    And I guess there is nobody else, so I will yield the balance of my time.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    Mr. Wilkins, I--Ms. Eshoo started--was talking about this issue, but I wanted to follow up. I am very concerned about consumers being hit with fraudulent charges on their monthly communication bills through scams like cramming. And the FCC has made strides over the past year trying to curb this practice, but the question is if the FCC's budget continues to flat line the way it has since 2009, will it impact the FCC's ability to protect consumers from fraud?    Mr. Pallone. OK. I think you have answered in your response the other two questions I had, but let me just look at this a second. Again, you talked about the aging computer system that, I guess, will eventually slow down your ability to continue these reform efforts. I think you have answered that in terms of what happens if you don't because that is where the bulk of this additional money goes to, correct?    Mr. Pallone. And I think you talked about the staff too, that the FCC has a historically low number of full-time staff, and whether any further reduction in the number of full-time staff would impact your ability to carry out your responsibilities. I think you kind of answered that too, but if you want to add anything.    Mr. Pallone. OK. All right, thanks a lot.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.