    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you for being here today. General Dempsey, your service to our country, we appreciate so much and wish you well in the future.    And Secretary Carter, best wishes for success in your position.    I am very pleased, in a way, to see the concern being expressed about defense sequestration, because many of us have been talking about this for the last 2 years. And we have--and, in particular, General, thank you for pointing out the issue of readiness, putting our troops at risk.    And this needs to be addressed, but it should also be put in the context that actually Bob Woodward, the very respected journalist, in his books, ``The Price of Politics,'' identified that this was the President's policy. And so, I believe that I hope he makes every effort to change that policy because the consequence was revealed yesterday by Secretary James, and that is that we will have the smallest Air Force since it was created in 1947, the smallest Army since 1939, the smallest Navy since 1916.    I believe the American people are at risk and this needs to be addressed. And it should be pointed out, and I don't want to finger point, and we don't need to get to that, but the facts are clear. The House Republicans twice voted to address defense sequestration, but it was never taken up by the former U.S. Senate.    As we look at the world today, I am very concerned. General Jack Keane testified earlier this year about the spread of radical Islam across North Africa, Central Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia. And I am just so concerned that safe havens are being created, which can attack the American people. And in light of that, in fact, Boko Haram last week, Mr. Secretary, indicated that they would be a part of ISIL, Daesh . What is our policy to address this particular situation in Central Africa?    Mr. Wilson. And I--has there been any progress on releasing the kidnapped young girls in the region?    Mr. Wilson. Yes, by Boko Haram.    Mr. Wilson. It is such a clear indication of the barbarity of the people that we are facing.    I want to commend you in regard to your visit to Afghanistan. You expressed concern about a drawdown and how it should be conditions-based, and then action has been properly taken.    What are the conditions that you are looking at in regard to the drawdown?    Mr. Wilson. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Duckworth.