    Mr. Becker. Thank you, Chairman Shuster, and thank you so much----    Mr. Becker. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Becker. Oh, it does. There we go. OK. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Shuster, and it was a pleasure having you in our community last year. And I hope it was worthwhile for you as well. Ranking Member DeFazio, thank you as well, and other members of the committee.    I am Ralph Becker. I am the mayor of Salt Lake City and the president of the National League of Cities, NLC. NLC is the Nation's largest membership and advocacy organization for city officials, serving as a resource for 19,000 cities, towns, and villages across the country, and representing more than 218 million Americans.    As the mayor of Salt Lake City and president of NLC, I have seen what can be achieved when partisanship takes a back seat to policy. Last week I was honored to welcome the President to our annual Congressional Cities Conference, where he made clear his commitment to our infrastructure needs. And of course, we are grateful to have one of our own, the former mayor of Charlotte, Anthony Foxx, serving as Secretary of Transportation. So obviously, the mayor of Charlotte is a big steppingstone for folks from that great city.    The visibility of the dialogue between leaders on this committee and Secretary Foxx at the Department of Transportation is encouraging. We are hopeful that Congress and the administration can work productively together to craft a legislative solution that avoids the chaos and the crisis we would endure if the surface transportation programs are permitted to expire.    Among local officials, no Federal priority rates as consistently high as transportation infrastructure. That is because for cities, every transportation project is a partnership--with other local and regional authorities, with the State, with the Federal Government, and with the private sector. This is certainly the case for our transportation initiatives in Salt Lake City.    For example, few would have predicted a generation ago that Salt Lake City would become one of the light rail capitals of the Nation or that we would bring streetcars back to our city. But our TRAX light rail system, our Sugar House Streetcar, and our Bike Share program reflect some of the changes our Nation is experiencing in metropolitan areas all across the country.    By necessity, locals are stretching the value of every dollar to invest in small- and large-scale projects of practical design. We are making existing corridors more efficient and multimodal, and doing so in ways that increase capacity at less cost to the taxpayer. These locally driven solutions are offering more travel options to the public, helping shippers and businesses keep goods and products moving and delivering a bigger boost to investors, developers, and our economies overall.    Unfortunately, uncertainty at the Federal level is driving up the cost of financing and stalling projects, and many States are compounding the problem by limiting the authority of municipal governments to raise new revenue through taxation. Since 1978, 30 States have enacted formal limitations on taxes, budgets, or outlays on local governments.    As you know, when the Federal Highway Act was signed into law in 1956, it was federally planned and coordinated. But it responded to urgent local needs, calling for cities and towns to be better connected. Today this vision needs an update.    Technological advances and demographic shifts are challenging the assumptions on which our current system is based. Smartphones have enabled users to access transit information in real time, raising expectations for reliable and on-demand service. Electric cars are becoming more viable and less expensive. And autonomous vehicles, driverless cars, are being developed as we speak, as the chairman knows well. Our transportation systems will need to adapt to these developments.    Demand for public transit and active transportation is also rising at a rate that is way beyond current capacity. The greatest demand and energy for transportation improvements in Salt Lake City comes from transit, biking, and pedestrian improvements.    Transit agencies have reported growth in ridership in 12 of the last 15 years. Currently there are 99 transit expansion projects and 23 major system renovations underway throughout the country in addition to almost 100 other projects in the pipeline.    Young people aged 16 to 34 drove 23 percent fewer miles, on average, in 2009 than in 2001. In that same age group, only 67 percent of Americans have driver's licenses. And according to the 2009 National Travel Survey, 1 in 12 U.S. households is completely car-free.    From 2000 to 2012, the number of people who primarily bike to work has increased 60 percent nationwide. In larger urban areas, the number of bike commuters has more than doubled. Bike share systems have become commonplace, with 49 American cities, including Salt Lake City, implementing new systems, and many more in planning phases.    I know that the safe and efficient movement of commercial goods is also high on the agenda for the next authorization. Every link in the movement of goods, from ports, agricultural centers, and manufacturing plants to their destination should be strong. But our first and last miles are falling behind.    The Federal Government is devoting a significant investment to the modernization of U.S. ports to accommodate Supermax container ships and assure America's global economic leadership. Investment in the roads between our ports and highways should be made in conjunction with ports modernization. But unfortunately, these municipally owned stretches of road are among the most neglected.    None of this is to express preference for any particular mode. In Salt Lake City, for example, we need all of our modes functioning at a high performance level, and I know that is the case in all of our cities across the country.    We now have more choices than ever, but our authorized transportation system at the Federal level does not reflect this shift. And in Salt Lake City, where 55 percent of our air pollution is from mobile sources, we need all the choices we can get. So however the future of transportation unfolds, we know the committee will need to balance investment with maintenance.    Local governments own and operate 78 percent of the Nation's road miles, 43 percent of the Nation's Federal aid highways, and 50 percent of the Nation's bridge inventory. However, over the past 20 years, roughly 80 percent of all funding has consistently been reserved for the highway system. And although the remaining 20 percent is theoretically devoted to transit and other alternative transportation programs, it is not easy to steer funding that passes through State departments of transportation away from auto-oriented projects.    Congress ought to fix this imbalance. The next transportation bill should directly allocate greater funding to local governments and provide more flexibility for local decisionmakers to choose the best mix of transportation options to fit regional needs.    NLC is working in partnership with the other major local government organizations to build support for a much-needed course correction, not a radical departure from the current authorization. My written testimony includes four specific proposals supported by NLC, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National Association of Counties, the National Association of Regional Councils, the Association of Metropolitan Planning Organizations, and the National Association of Development Organizations.    Our proposal would reorient Federal transportation policy toward cities and metropolitan areas, where the changes in the transportation market are happening, and they would strengthen the partnership among all stakeholders to improve the quality of project selection, the practicality of design, and the value of every dollar spent.    On behalf of the National League of Cities, I would like to offer the ongoing assistance of the elected and appointed officials from our members and staff as you pursue the long-term, well-funded transportation reauthorization we all seek and for which we all strive. Let us know how we can help. Thank you.    Mr. Becker. Thank you. I think I would just add that if you look at, as I know we all have, the history of the Federal role around transportation in this country, it goes all the way back to the beginning. The Federal Government played the key roles in canals and then in railroads and then obviously with the Interstate Highway System and with the transit system.    And as we are moving into this new arena, I think our Federal partnership is needed more than ever for the reasons that both our national economy is so completely dependent on having a good circulation system, whether it is a local circulation system or whether it is an interstate or interconnected system or whether it is ports to other means and modes of transportation.    The Federal role has always been there, and the great challenge we have today is we have an uncertain partner. And we cannot plan and design with the long-term projects that we have based on that uncertainty.    Mr. Becker. Yes. Thank you for the question. So just last week our State legislature--we concluded our session last Thursday night--adopted a change in our gas tax to a 12-percent sales tax on gas and increased the gas tax effectively by 5 cents. In addition to that, they provided local authority to increase our sales tax so that we could provide better for our roads and other transportation needs, transit and other needs.    We are a very conservative State, as everybody knows, I am sure. But it was recognized that when we start putting more and more of our General Fund money and other money into roads--and the average is more than 50 percent in Salt Lake; it is 70 percent now, we pay for roads out of General Fund money, for example--we are really hurting every other function that we have to perform at the local level.    So we provided basically an indexing to deal with inflation. We provided for an increase. And we provided for local transportation needs, and for the changing needs around transit and active transportation. It was remarkable. We have done the same thing in Salt Lake City. A very conservative place. We increased our property taxes 2 years ago to provide mostly for our transportation infrastructure that was falling apart.    So the partnership has always been there, and it makes it extremely difficult for us to do our jobs without the Federal partnership.    Mr. Becker. We are friends.    Mr. Becker. I believe so. I have been hearing a little bit about it.    Mr. Becker. Thank you, Delegate Norton, and nice to be back in my home town. Appreciate your representation.    As a former National Park Service employee, obviously these issues are near and dear to my heart, and public lands really represent two-thirds of the land mass in the State of Utah. The current backlog just for national parks, maintenance backlog, is $6 billion, and that has been growing. It is not part of the State and local funding mechanism, and so we see this increasing deterioration affecting obviously the incredible tourism destination the national parks represent in Utah and across the country.    The recommendation that we have heard is that that funding allocation from the transportation bill be increased from $240 million to at least $365 million, with progressive increases to be able to keep up or at least start addressing this backlog in maintenance. And any of you who have traveled in national parks realize not only their beauty but that their infrastructure is deteriorating. Thank you.    Mr. Becker. Yes. Thank you. In Utah, I was in the legislature for 11 years before I became mayor, and I have been mayor for--I am in my eighth year now. The toll roads have been proposed, attempted, tried over and over again. We do have some very limited tolling.    The issue that really has prevented us, I think, from taking on tolling more is the first tolling location always says, why are you picking on us? And we have not come up with a statewide system. So while tolling represents a great way to have another user fee, in our State I think we have chosen to look at other means of financing roads and leaving the roads open.    We certainly do provide, as is true, it sounds like, in North Carolina, for someone being able to buy into greater use of the HOV lanes by paying a fee. And it is a way for us to both use those lanes more and capture some more revenues. But it has been really tough, so in our State we have gone in a different direction.    Mr. Becker. I will just comment briefly. Obviously, there are different opinions and views on the funding sources for transportation. And from a local government point of view and I think even from a State point of view, we recognize there are varying sources.    That is one that has been identified by the administration as sustainable. It is obviously up to this committee and to the Congress to decide a sustainable funding----    Mr. Becker. Appreciate it. Thank you.    Mr. Becker. Thank you so much for the question. I will just reinforce your planning point. In Utah, I believe a key for us in getting everyone on board for funding transportation long term has been a unified transportation plan that has been adopted at the State level by all the local jurisdictions, by all the MPOs, by the transit agencies, and really has given us a very clear path forward, and what the funding needs are associated with that.    At the local level, I think we are seeing some real improvements, I think, with the TAP funds, with the transportation alternative funds there. We would like to see those funds clearly dedicated, with 100 percent of those for TAP-eligible activities.    I think today we are seeing--and I know this varies from place to place--those funds getting diverted more and more, often for other needs. And as I described in the testimony and you have heard from others, the real increasing and fast-increasing demand at the community level, which represents 80 percent of the people, 90 percent of the population in this country, is around transit and active transportation first and foremost.    So having dedicated funds there, as well as the CMAQ funds and having those clearly programmed to go to the metropolitan planning organizations rather than to States, will give us much greater flexibility to address our needs locally.    So those are two areas certainly I can highlight for you that we believe both represents more the needs at the local level, which is where people are living more and more, and where our economy is driven.    Mr. Becker. I know in Utah and in Salt Lake, it has been a major focus of our attention to deal with bridges and with corrosion. We believe that it would be really almost necessary at this point to include locally owned bridges in the Federal funding formulas, and that is something that apparently, whether it is oversight or otherwise, is not reflected in the current legislation.    Mr. Becker. Well, it makes a huge difference for us because if we cannot plan and design and build, which are long-term endeavors, our transportation system to meet today's needs----    Mr. Becker. No. And it is a multiyear endeavor to go from planning to design to construction, even under the best of conditions, where the regulatory system does not lengthen that process. And today, we do not live in an economy, even in a city, in a metropolitan area the size of the Salt Lake area, which is about 1.5 million--we increasingly look towards our export businesses as a major part of our economy.    We are continually looking at how we get goods in that are coming from overseas into our arena, into our area. And so for us, it really is an international matter. I think we have seen, with the metropolitan sort of revolution that is occurring all across the country, that our metropolitan areas simply----    Mr. Becker. It clearly makes us less competitive. I will be very brief.    Mr. Becker. We have had extensive discussions in an ongoing way in the National League of Cities about funding transportation. And there are many options, as this committee knows better than anyone, in terms of how to fund them.    At the local level, we rely on the gas tax as a primary source of funding. And we recognize there are times when we have to bite the bullet if we are going to provide for a transportation infrastructure in our communities. And as tough as it is, those are decisions that we make every day or every year, certainly, when it comes to our budgets and looking at what our needs are and justifying the needs and living up to a long-term commitment we have to our communities.    So for us, whether it is the GROW AMERICA Act proposal, whether it is a gas tax, or whether it is some congestion pricing formula, whatever kinds of approaches that you would find acceptable, the important thing from our vantage point is to make a decision. The American people, we believe--certainly our communities reflect this--expect us to make those hard decisions and accept it without consequence, I can tell you, in terms of our elected and political lives.    Mr. Becker. Correct.    Mr. Becker. Thank you for that. This transformation is really remarkable that we see around communities all across the country for active transportation. And it is where there is clearly, I can tell you in our region, the most energy of people excited and willing to take it on.    My sense is that if you dedicate the TAP funds and make that clearly for those purposes so they do not get diverted, the CMAQ funds, and to the extent you can identify funds that should be used for active transportation, it goes so much further than we see for funds for roads because usually the infrastructure improvements are so much less expensive.    And we just saw, in legislation passed by our State last week, that for the first time they are actually identifying specifically active transportation funding at the State level as well.    Mr. Becker. We are tracking that very closely. There is national information I would be happy to try to get to you on that. And I can tell you locally we are tracking it very closely, and there is no question that even where we take out a lane of traffic on some of our streets and slowing the traffic down, we are actually providing for more people getting through on those streets.    Mr. Becker. Thank you for that question. And I mentioned before the TAP funds and the CMAQ funds and having those clearly dedicated so that local communities can address these changing needs. But I realize, as Mr. Cox indicated, that in many places there are varying needs.    So having more local control and discretion over funds is huge. We are recommending that a greater share of the surface transportation funds--that is, 75 percent--go to the metropolitan planning organization, where you have the State departments of transportation, the transit agencies, and all the local governments sitting at the table to decide how best to use that money within a region.    It is currently a 50/50 split, and we believe that if we devolve that, using your terminology earlier, to the local level, we are going to see a much smarter use and practical use of those funds.    Mr. Becker. Appreciate the comment. I will tell you from the local perspective, and we have talked about this probably as much as you have in your committee here, we are here to support you in making a decision that will give us a sustainable, long-term funding and transportation system that we can all rely on.    So when this Congress is able to rally itself around a source, and as has been noted, there are many different sources for funding, we will be here to support you. And we appreciate that transportation is the circulation system for our country, whether it is local, at the State level, or nationally. And we are going to be here to support you in making those decisions.    Mr. Becker. I am not sure, and I will get back to you on whether or not NLC has a specific position as it relates to a TIGER CUBS program. But I will tell you this because I believe this is very consistent with our approach.    The TIGER program has been enormously successful, not just because it is leveraging Federal dollars so much more and that it is tailored to local needs and combines multiagency perspectives and needs to reflect what community needs are as it surrounds transportation projects. And having a simpler program, which I assume is consistent with what you are proposing for smaller communities, can only increase dramatically how Federal funds get used to meet those local needs and the State needs.    We are finding, and we have been a beneficiary of a TIGER grant, and we took basically a relatively small Federal grant and we leveraged that with two cities, with our transit agency, and then with private funding to be able to build out a project. And that kind of creativity that comes through a program like that we think forces us to think better and to broaden our reach in terms of who we go to both for funding and conceiving and developing a project at the local level.    So we would encourage that kind of approach as a way to optimize, really, the Federal money and really tailor it to local needs.    Mr. Becker. Well, I will go back to some things that I talked about before. There are Federal programs under the Transportation Reauthorization Act, MAP-21, where there is a lot of discretionary money that goes to the States. And while we certainly appreciate the State need--and I can tell you in Utah we have an incredible partnership between our State department of transportation, our transit agency, and our local governments--having that discretionary money go to the State level impedes our ability to address our local needs very well.    If money can get delegated in TAP or in CMAQ funds or in the surface transportation funds to the MPO level, then we can much better address the allocation of those monies in a way, I think, that achieves practical design, that achieves Complete Streets policies, whatever the local needs are.    And so shifting that authorization a bit helps us meet what is a quickly transforming desire from our publics, and a lot of it, and always will be, around roads, at least for the foreseeable future. But much of it is increasingly in other areas. And it varies. In a place like Utah, our air quality issues drive our decisions more than they would in your district.    Mr. Becker. Thank you for that question. And I will have to get back to you on the specifics in terms of at the State level what is being done.    Mr. Becker. I have had an opportunity to go visit where some of these vehicles are being manufactured and used, and it is truly remarkable what is happening with this technology. And I know that we always try to work hard to stay up to or in front of those technology changes.    I can tell you that the safety issues that we see we think will only improve with this technology. And we are going to need to think also about how we combine that with other users of the road in a Complete Streets concept with both pedestrians and cyclists, who are increasingly taking advantage of our rights-of-way.    Mr. Becker. Some things do not change.    Mr. Becker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I see that in terms of, in our area, not just as a wave of the future but the present. We do not do anything, I can tell you, in our community and in our region around infrastructure where we do not just engage our Chamber of Commerce, where we do not engage adjacent businesses and property owners in trying to make decisions about how we fund those projects.    And increasingly, I think without question, we are going to need to look to those means to reflect the growing costs associated with infrastructure improvements, the clear benefits that come to both businesses and local areas and regionally, and I think it is being well received and supported in the private sector because they realize how important transportation projects are.    I know that for me, with every project we go forward with, my first stop is usually with the Chamber of Commerce. And without exception, they have been supportive in finding funding mechanisms that take advantage of the private sector in our funding efforts.    Mr. Becker. I thank you for that question. Let me put this in very concrete terms in Salt Lake City. We are a major corridor for railroad freight and for freight moving through. Those freight corridors have a huge impact on really segregating portions in neighborhoods in our community.    And when we try to have crossings of those railroads in particular, it is very difficult. And it has actually prevented us from moving forward, for example, with a streetcar line going into one neighborhood because there is some rule in place that prevents streetcars from crossing railroad tracks. So it keeps us from serving a neighborhood the way we should be able to.    So those kinds of issues for us to be able to address would be enormously helpful at the community level.    Mr. Becker. Well, in our case we have had great difficulty working with the railroads themselves. So providing some authority or some direction for us to be able to address the safety needs, but not just provide the complete discretion with the private railroad company saying we cannot cross their railroad in a way that we know can be done safely.    Mr. Becker. Well, it is critical for us, obviously, to be able to use a very well qualified and committed workforce to be able to provide employment in our areas. And I know even in this State legislative session that just passed that we included a preference for local hiring in future projects.    So we build that into our project at a community level. To the extent that is done at the Federal level, we think that provides benefits to the economy, and it is probably much more efficient.    Mr. Becker. Certainly. Fortunately, I can say that Salt Lake City does not--we are at about 3 percent or less unemployment right now. But being able to provide the kind of direction that keeps money in local hands always provides not only local jobs but a greater multiplier.    Mr. Becker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Representative Woodall. We put huge skin in the game, and that is true whether we look at the Federal funding or whether we look at State funding. At the local level, the vast majority of the money we spend is local.    We do rely on partners. In a place like Salt Lake City, we are the crossroads of the West, as we say. We are also the center of a region and we serve a population that goes far beyond Salt Lake City, whether that is interstate commerce or whether that is regional traffic.    And so for us, we have been biting that bullet for quite some time. But there is still such an important Federal role here because so much of what is happening is interstate commerce and is national and international in terms of its nature.    In terms of how I think, if I heard the second part of your question best, I can tell you, as someone who has spent a career working as a NEPA planner and lawyer, that what has happened with what I view as an absolutely great environmental law, the National Environmental Policy Act, is truly unfortunate.    As court cases have been lost in infrastructure projects and transportation and water, the agencies just add on another step instead of looking at how they work to reflect what the statute calls for, which is disclosure of environmental impacts, considering alternatives, involving the public in making a decision.    We have gone from processes that should be a year, a year and a half, to processes that are 5 to 7 years in many big transportation projects. We need to get back to addressing what is critically important, which is that we consider environmental impacts and we base our decisions with consideration of those environmental impacts. And we have gone afield from that. MAP-21 helped. We can go a lot further.    Mr. Becker. Thank you. We are in a $2 billion rebuild of our airport, so you will be----    Mr. Becker. Thank you. That's not an experience, as you can probably imagine, on a community level, that we--we certainly do experience, oftentimes, how do we handle the increased weights and traffics on our--and traffic on our roads, and we are continually having to upgrade our roads to try to deal with weights, and the increased weights, I do know, pose an incredible challenge for us in our community, when we see these heavier vehicles going on roads that just weren't built to that--to that standard.    Mr. Becker. Yes, thank you. So I mentioned these before, but I think what we proposed from the local and regional perspective is that a greater share of the surface transportation funds go to local governments, and specifically, it's presently 75 percent, I think, going to States. And we believe having a 50/50 share makes a lot more sense, and brings everybody to the table in making the decisions about prioritizing our transportation funds.    Mr. Becker. I can't weigh in on behalf of the National League of Cities. I will just say that I try, in my own budgeting, as I'm sure you did as--as mayor, to have a very clear line between capital and operational money, and not to use one-time monies for operational money, and I think if there's a long-term transportation funding bill that we can rely on, then that issue tends to go away. And providing the flexibility, I think, makes the most sense.    On the other hand, if the Federal priority is for capital expenditures, tell us and we will follow, obviously, your direction accordingly.    Mr. Becker. No, I will tell you, we see the exact same conditions in Salt Lake City. I can tell you on behalf of Salt Lake and my experience there, the elderly, the millennial generation is moving away from an auto-focused world, either out of necessity or out of desire, or different ways to stay connected in different ways and--we--our greatest need in our community is not, today, for road funding. Our greatest need in our community is for increased transit funding and providing for alternative modes of transportation.    And to the extent as we've described even in our proposals with TAP funding and CMAQ funding, and other funds, you can both move more of that funding to the local level, where so much of our population lives and where conditions are changing, and allow us to address those needs, which can be different in Laramie, Wyoming, than they are in Salt Lake City or Miami-Dade area. We're going to be able, I think, to negotiate among ourselves to reflect those needs, and meet what is a rapidly changing desire for more options in our transportation infrastructure.    Mr. Becker. I'd say there is a commonality. Certainly the gas tax is probably in every State, and there are probably different ways that it's allocated. In the State of Utah for example, 30 percent of the gas tax goes to counties and to cities.    Mr. Becker. It is directed in State legislation. And then there are other authorities, for example, in our State, for transit where there is a local option sales tax that at the community level the community can opt into. There is a regional--it's actually a statewide, but it operates on a regional basis, by opting in for local governments to participate in the transit program, which is regional in nature.    I will say in--with your last question, the State of Utah developed a unified transportation plan that I mentioned earlier, that brought every local jurisdiction, all of the MPOs and the State, as well as the transit agency all together through a major public involvement process and thorough vetting and came up with a unified plan for the entire State; for all parts, local transit and State transportation program that has really served as the gathering place for us to determine what our needs are for the next 30 years.    Mr. Becker. I just--the National League of Cities does call for some flexibility with the Davis-Bacon Act. On the primary question you're asking, in terms of additional cost, I do not have any information on that, I'm sorry to tell you.    Mr. Becker. No. In fact, I will tell you my experience, and we've undergone major building projects, public projects. Salt Lake City-sponsored projects. We have actually found that our costs--that the quality control that comes through assuring folks have been through apprenticeship programs and have good training and have some standards to meet, are beneficial in our community.    Mr. Becker. I'm sorry, I don't have anything to add to that.    Mr. Becker. Oh, I agree with everything that Mr. Cox has said the entire morning.    Mr. Becker. First I'll say, I think MAP-21 has really been a step in a great direction. And I will say that at the Department of Transportation, they're working very hard on streamlining. We have a long ways to go.    Mr. Becker. What I would say is, you take the Council on Environmental Quality guidelines for the National Environmental Policy Act, and make those truly the core and the basic requirement for all agencies and go back to those guidelines. We will reduce these incremental additional steps that have been added agency by agency, and still accomplish the same goals.    Mr. Becker. Yes, thank you. The easiest way, of course, to provide bike lanes is to provide the space and simply paint the lanes, and that is such an easy thing to do, and provides a basic form of safety.    When we get to protected bikeways, then obviously the costs escalate pretty dramatically, but then with that as well, the estimate is in our analysis, and in our community and we're seeing is that when you provide additional safety, then people feel much more secure getting out on the road, and we--and the numbers of people going up, we've been seeing 25-plus percent increases a year when we start putting in additional safety measures. And that obviously doesn't take nearly as much space on a road for someone who's cycling.    Similarly for transit, and I know my former colleague, who's now Speaker of the House, Greg Hughes, in testifying before our committee here noted that, as the leader of the Conservative Caucus and our State House of Representatives, he is the strongest advocate for transit, because it is the most efficient way to move people in an area. When you look at the number of people you can move in a single-occupant vehicle versus on a train or on a bus, it is a much more efficient way, and if we have a good transit system that is accessible and that is convenient, that people will use it.    Our greatest demand, as I mentioned earlier, is for the----    Mr. Becker. So my--my basic answer would be that for buses it makes sense to still use the fuel tax, because buses are using roads just like cars.    For rail, we use a separate--and we do actually for transit in the State of Utah; we use a local option sales tax. And it is by a vote of the people to support improvements to our transit service. That is required, by the way our State law works.    It may be that a different source of funding is a better source of funding for transit, recognizing what you're saying, you know, a fuel tax goes to roads. And we would welcome whatever form you come up with and we'll support you in that.