    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the chairman. And I thank the panel, especially for sticking around. It means a lot to us that you all don't put hard stops on us, and let us have some flexibility, and do this throughout the day.    I also apologize for having to run in and out during the day. We are evidently having serial motions to adjourn, Mr. Watt. You can explain to me why your side is doing that later on. It has to do with guns, I am told, believe it or not. Anyway, not my--    Mr. Mulvaney. I hear you. I want to go back to something that Mr. Green said early on in the hearing today. He mentioned the MetLife lawsuit, talked a little about the jurors, and said those folks don't have to have any particular insurance experience, do they? And of course, they don't. That is not the way our legal system works.    Then he looked at you and asked you if you agreed with that, and everybody sort of agreed the jurors don't need to have that. But that is not really the standard for the members of this group, right?    Does anybody really think that 12 good persons and true could serve in this role, or is it a good idea to have--everybody agrees we should have some expertise, right, in this?    That is why you are there, and that you couldn't do this job if we just randomly picked you off the street. So I didn't want people walking out of there thinking the standard for you folks is the same as the standard for a juror.    And I want to go into something that I believe Ms. Matz said to the chairman early on about the process you went through in your decision-making regarding MetLife. You said you were briefed extensively, which I want to talk about a little bit. You said it was done by the FSOC staffers. Let's talk about that. Was this to you individually? Was it to you and your staff? Was it to you as a group? Tell me how you were briefed on this, Ms. Matz?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. The final determination was made on June 30th. Do you remember the first time you were briefed on MetLife?    Mr. Mulvaney. Was it days in advance, weeks, months?    Mr. Mulvaney. So the staff worked on it. I get that. We do that here as well, as Mr. Watt would say. We rely on our staff. How much time did you spend on it yourself?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did you block off time during the day for reading those materials?    Mr. Mulvaney. I do the same thing. Let me ask you this then. The reason I am focusing on you is you mentioned it during your opening statement. I think you also mentioned it to Mr. Hultgren in response to some of his questions.    Given your extensive briefing on the material, and the understanding that the statute requires you to look at 11 different factors, I want to go through them very, very briefly.    For example, you mentioned in your opening testimony--or response to the chairman--that one of the things that stood out in your mind was the derivatives. But that was one of the things that stood out in your mind as to the MetLife, in making the MetLife decision, or voting for the designation. So tell me, what it was about the derivatives that you thought was important?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay, I will ask it this way, then. I disagree with that, by the way. We get that a lot. Mr. Watt didn't allow it when he was here, and I don't like it now that I am here, because you can tell us stuff. But we will skip it then. You made the same determination for Prudential, right?    Mr. Mulvaney. And you voted to designate them. And they are not in the lawsuit right now. So what was it--I take it you did the same level of preparation in making your decisions for Prudential that you did for MetLife?    Mr. Mulvaney. So what was it about the derivatives decision that Prudential had that made you inclined to vote for the designation?    Mr. Mulvaney. I get that. Tell me one thing about the derivatives position?    Mr. Mulvaney. Huge in relation to what?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, that is not my question. Huge in relation to what? The size of their assets? The size of the--    Mr. Mulvaney. Within a billion dollars, what was the size of their derivatives?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you.