    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I would first like to submit for the record my prepared marks, which I will not refer to in my remarks, for entry into the record.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you. I was a little bit late today, for I was at the Trumpo show. And there was a gigantic crowd of reporters and television and protesters over at the Republican--wherever you all meet, at one of those places. I saw Vice President Issa over there. And he was walking down the street looking very Vice Presidential. He was ready at any minute to step in.    Mr. Cohen. I thought it was Scherzer. There were so many people; I thought it was something to do with Scherzer. I mean, he had 20 strikeouts, but I found out it was Trump. Scherzer, yeah, unbelievable last night. But you think you have a problem with executive overreach now; if he becomes President, you have combover, overreach. You have got all kinds of overs and no unders.    Mr. Cohen. I have to admit I have hair envy. There's no question about it.    But if you think you've got problems with President Obama, if there's a President Trump, Congress will hardly exist because it will be huge and he'll do great things and he won't need anybody's advice or consent because he does great things and he has got great people. And, you know, we will truly be like we are today. Here we are pretending to do government, and nobody's really here. And everybody's watching the show, and we're not the show. And it's all going to be a show.    And you think, you know, an executive, a businessman, a billionaire: he's not going to care about Congress because he does it all. And if we suggest anything, that's he's overreaching his power, he'll fire us, so there will be nothing happening.    But it's a wonderful story that's about to happen on the Republican side. It will be a story that people will look at for centuries. And children in Eastern Europe are going to know they can be born there in Eastern Europe to parents who are economically deprived, and they can become a model and turn out to be First Lady of the United States. And it's going to give children in Eastern Europe something to look forward to, and it is going to incentivize them and give them hope. And it's going to be a great day for America. I can see it coming.    But as far as overreach, you're going to have overreach. It is going to make Obama look like the person that Mr. King would like to have President, somebody who is just strictly limited to the confines of Article--is it II? II, yeah--and doesn't do anything at all that infringes on Article I. So, with that, I----    Mr. Cohen. The gentleman will yield to the Vice President.    Mr. Cohen. Don't tell Mr. Corker I called you Vice President.    Mr. Cohen. I don't disagree with you. In a lot of ways, as a lifetime legislator, 24 years in the State and now 10, 9-plus here, I agree the legislature should have more power. I disagreed that President Obama has overreached on climate change, which does exist, and/or on the Iran nuclear agreement, which keeps us safer from the destruction of the planet and mankind. And Mr. Bellinger and Mr. Goldsmith, two of the legal minds in the Bush administration who I have great regard for, concur on that, that these were authorized and appropriate. But I do think there are problems that have occurred in other areas where the executive has gone further than they should in doing things that were legislative prerogatives. And I think that, if by some chance Mr. Trump is the President, gone, it's over.    Mr. Cohen. Would this be kind of like passing a bill that is like putting an alarm on the government that will go off and let us know when somebody is trying to break the rules, and an alarm goes off and warns us?    Mr. Cohen. Auto shutdown.    Mr. Cohen. I yield back.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    President Trump would wink and not blink.    Mr. Kontorovich, I really enjoyed your presentation. The substance was good, but the delivery, the accent, and the style reminded me of my dear late friend Christopher Hitchens. He would not have a yarmulke on, although he did have some Jewish heritage, but he didn't necessarily believe in all of that stuff. But you sound like Christopher Hitchens.    Tell me how would you frame a statute that you think would solve the problem that you think exists? Because we've already got a Constitution that says X, Y, Z, and we have got Supreme Court opinions. So what's a statute going to do?    Mr. Cohen. Broader, clearer. Doesn't broader--I thought you said simple and concise, more or less.    Mr. Cohen. I can't remember; which President was that?    Mr. Cohen. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.    Mr. Cohen. I don't know how massive it was. Certain people thought--other people thought Oliver North should have been given a Congressional Medal of Honor. There was a split of opinion on the whole deal.    Mr. Cohen. Yes, sir.    Mr. Groves, do you have differing opinions on how legislation would be framed?    Mr. Cohen. Do you really think if we did that, that a President Trump would give a hoot?    Mr. Cohen. My time has expired. But I'm just curious who you supported.    Mr. Cohen. Lying Ted. As distinguished from short this one and whatever that one is.    Mr. Cohen. I was just being facetious with the term.