    Mr. Latta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Administrator, thanks very much for being here today.    The recently proposed rulemaking addresses hazardous liquid pipeline shows some incremental progress to address safety. However, there are overdue regulations and I think you said that of the 42 you have addressed 26 and we have 16 to go. But when you are looking at some of these overdue regulations relating to leak detection and emergency shutoff valves, integrity management of natural gas pipelines, public education and awareness efforts, and accident and incident notification, do you know when we can expect some of these rules to be published?    Mr. Latta. OK, so that timeline you say is going to be in the next, what, 3 weeks on the last one you said?    Mr. Latta. Right.    Mr. Latta. So just in the meantime though will PHMSA also commit to sharing a time line or the schedule for that completion then? So you are going to have that out? Is that correct?    Mr. Latta. I beg your pardon?    Mr. Latta. That you will commit to sharing that time line, if it is 3 weeks for the one, but for the others, will you commit to a timeline in getting that out?    Mr. Latta. Thank you. And what, if anything, has PHMSA done since creating the 811 Dial Before You Dig program to incorporate new technologies or best practices to improve communication between the stakeholders for receipt of an excavation notification until the successful completion of the excavation as recommended by PHMSA's nine elements of effective damage prevention programs?    Mr. Latta. Thank you. And finally, with my last minute here, how do pipeline operators use the in-line inspection or so-called smart pig technology to find problems in their pipelines?     And then also, how accurate is the smart pig technology of finding cracks and other potential issues with the pipeline?    Mr. Latta. Thank you. And Mr. Chairman, it looks like my time has expired. I yield back.    Mr. Latta. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. And thanks very much to the panel for being here today.    Mr. Santa, if I could start with a few questions for you. Can you comment on how your members use the 811 Dial Before You Dig program and do you believe that it would be helpful to incorporate new technologies or best practices to improve the communication between the stakeholders from receipt of excavation notification until successful completion of the excavation?    Mr. Latta. Let me follow up with that. How can the Federal Government help advance the adoption of developing those technologies? Are there technologies out there that we should be doing, the Federal Government should be helping to advance?    Mr. Latta. Thank you. Mr. Black, how do pipeline operators use in-line inspection, the so-called smart pig technology to find problems in their pipelines?    Mr. Latta. So you are saying that the technology we have today has really increased the ability to find those cracks that are out there in the pipeline?    Mr. Latta. Let me ask this also. In the draft bill that we have here today, there is a provision for the use of the smart pigs not less than once every 12 months for certain deep water pipelines. Is that a reasonable interval for that?    Mr. Latta. OK. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.