    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. The subcommittee will come to order.    After recognizing myself and Mr. Deutch, the ranking member, for 5 minutes each for our opening statements, I will then recognize other members seeking recognition for 1 minute. We will then hear from our witnesses. And you will notice an empty seat, but she is coming right over, getting through security.    Without objection, the witnesses' prepared statements will be made a part of the record. Members may have 5 days to insert statements and questions for the record subject to the length limitation in the rules.    And the Chair now recognizes herself for 5 minutes.    This is the third hearing of our subcommittee that we have had on Egypt in a little over a year, demonstrating the importance of and our subcommittee's commitment to Egypt's role in a volatile region, as well as the concern of our members that they have on current U.S. policy toward our ally.    The political, economic, and security challenges that Egypt is facing right now, they are numerous, they are interdependent. It is extremely difficult, for example, for President Sisi to make necessary structural reforms to Egypt's economy without potentially undermining the fragile political support he is leaning on to bring much-needed stability to the country.    Conversely, if these economic reforms are not made soon, we may see a return of the unrest that we saw on Egyptian streets not too long ago. And it is in this context that Egypt is facing growing security threats from an expanding ISIS and its Sinai Province affiliate, from al-Qaeda-linked groups, from militias, from extremists in Libya, and from particularly violent factions of the Muslim Brotherhood. Sinai Province has formed terrorist cells that are targeting both Egyptian and Israeli military personnel and civilians, and has already killed hundreds of Egyptian soldiers is continuing to target the peacekeeping operations or the MFO, Multinational Force of Observers in the Sinai, prompting the Pentagon to reposition U.S. troops and reconsider its presence there.    There is more and more evidence that ISIS is attempting to link its operations in the Sinai and eastern Egypt to its presence in the Western Desert that sits along the extremely porous border with Libya. And there are growing reports of increased activity in southern Egypt and the Nile Valley, including in greater Cairo, which has seen IEDs and shootings like the one that claimed the lives of eight Egyptian policemen last month.    While Egypt has been trying to keep up with these threats, it is increasingly clear that Egypt must also adopt a counterinsurgency approach that will allow it to get a handle on the problem before it gets worse.    While the security situation remains a high priority, I am extremely concerned by the government's attitude toward human rights, its crackdowns on civil society, its quashing of dissent. I was disappointed to see that the government froze the assets of yet another NGO just yesterday as part of an ongoing case which began in 2011 and targeted U.S. NGOs like IRI, whose president joins us here today.    Forty-three NGO workers in this case were unjustly convicted in 2013, as we all remember, and I continue to call on President Sisi to do everything in his power, including working with the Egyptian Parliament and with the judicial system to find a way to pardon these workers as soon as possible. The government needs to find a way to open up civil society and allow Egyptians to participate and thrive in public life or risk exacerbating the very problems it is trying to avoid.    In Egypt, the economy is perhaps the biggest challenge of all. Infusions of cash from the Gulf States, especially from Saudi Arabia, as well as loans from the World Bank, the IMF, and others, have managed to keep the economy afloat for the time being. But these investments aren't likely to stimulate growth in the long term, and the government has to make difficult structural reforms like reducing the bloated public payroll and passing the long-promised value-added tax. Unemployment, especially among youth, remains high, and around 60 percent of the population is poor and living on subsidies.    One bright spot on the economy horizon has been the Egyptian-American Enterprise Fund, which Congress authorized in 2012 and has been successfully investing in Egypt's private sector to create jobs and support sustainable development.    The Enterprise Fund, as with all the aid that Congress has appropriated, is an example of how much the United States wants to help Egypt as both an ally and a strong supporter of peace in that troubled region. But the Egyptian Government also needs to help us help them, and that includes allowing our Economic Support Funds, or ESF monies, to be programmed. As of March 31, there is a backlog of approximately $900 million in ESF for Egypt because the government has held up permits for our implementing partners on everything from democracy and governance to education and health care.    That is why I was happy to sign a letter this month, alongside Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, and the co-chairs of the Tunisia Caucus, asking the Secretary of State to reprogram up to $20 million of this money for Tunisia. This is not meant to be a slight against Egypt, but it makes little sense to continue letting these funds sit in the pipeline when they can be spent somewhere else. Someplace like Tunisia, which is in desperate need of the funds and is willing to let us help.    Egypt is an important strategic ally that is struggling on a number of fronts, and as we discuss the challenges and opportunities for U.S. policy here today, I continue to believe that the best way to help is through encouragement and assistance as a friend.    And with that, I am pleased to yield to the ranking member, Mr. Deutch of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Well said. Thank you so much, Mr. Deutch.    I will now recognize members for statements that they would like to make.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Chairman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Ranking Member Deutch, for holding this important hearing.    Over the last decade, Egypt has been faced with political and social instability. Egypt has been and will continue to be a valued ally in an unstable region in support of American interests and worldwide interests in the global war on terrorism. I am grateful my son Julian served with the Army National Guard in Egypt with Operation Bright Star, an indication of U.S.-Egyptian cooperation. And he was impressed by the talented citizens of Egypt.    I believe that we need to continue our military and economic support while we closely monitor whether the money that is being provided is wisely spent. Egypt continues to face a growing threat from Islamic terrorists, most recently, the Egypt Air flight that was destroyed in the eastern Mediterranean Sea to the Metrojet flight that exploded over the Sinai on October 31, killing 209 Russian tourists.    Egypt exists within a very dangerous neighborhood, and it is very critical that we maintain our support, also maintaining our moral responsibilities, promoting IRI as a very positive     I look forward to hearing from our witnesses regarding how the United States can help ensure that Egypt is back on track to be a success for prosperity for its citizens.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, and congratulations on your son's military service. It is a long tradition there. Good for you, Joe.    Mr. Connolly of Virginia.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Connolly. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher. We are pleased to recognize you for any opening statement you might make.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Ms. Frankel of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Ms. Frankel.    And, Dr. Yoho of Florida?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Okay. Thank you so much to our witnesses. First, we are pleased to welcome back a great friend of our subcommittee, Ambassador Mark Green, a former colleague of ours. He is the president of the International Republican Institute. He is a former U.S. Ambassador to Tanzania and served as a Member of Congress representing Wisconsin's Eighth District from '97 to 2007. It is always a delight to see you, Mr. Ambassador. I love following you on Twitter.    Next, we welcome Mr.--I am going to try my best--Mokhtar Awad, who is a research fellow in the Program on Extremism at George Washington University's Center for Cyber and Homeland Security. Prior to this, Mr. Awad worked as a Research Associate at the Center for American Progress. We welcome you to our subcommittee, Mr. Awad.    And lastly, we welcome Ms. Amy Hawthorne, who is the deputy director for research at the Project on Middle East Democracy. Prior to this, Ms. Hawthorne served as a resident senior fellow with the Atlantic Council's Middle East Program where she focused on U.S. policy toward Egypt. We welcome you also, Ms. Hawthorne.    We are pleased to have all of you here today. As I had said, your statements will be made a part of the record, and we will now hear your synthesized version starting with our friend Mark.    Ambassador Green. Thank you, Madam Chair, Ranking Member Deutch, and members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify. And I also want to thank you for the tremendous support that you have shown, that all of you have shown relating to Egypt's indefensible NGO foreign funding trial.    As you know and as has been alluded to, Egypt wrongfully and outrageously convicted 43 innocent staff from IRI, NDI, Freedom House, and others. And I am grateful that you continue to make pardons for these victims your highest priority in discussions with the top Egyptian officials.    One year ago, Madam Chair, I testified on Tunisia's democratic tradition. I offered optimism about the progress it was making and suggested that it deserved additional support. I wish I could be similarly optimistic here today, but sadly, I believe that Egypt is moving on an uncertain and dangerous trajectory.    There is no doubt, as many of you have said, that Egypt remains a very important ally and strategic partner for America's interests in that part of the world, but there is also little doubt, however, that the problems that are in Egypt continue to get worse. Polarization and the threat of extremism are on the rise. President Sisi's counterterrorism campaign is making precious little headway in my opinion while risking even greater alienation of the local population. Instead of forging an effective effort to root out extremists and extremism, I worry that the government's primary response seems to be an even greater crackdown on dissent.    There has been an increase in extrajudicial forced disappearances, over 1,800 reported cases in 2015 alone. Mass trials and collective convictions based on vague charges of harming national interests have become the norm.    Madam Chair, it is my strong belief in IRI's long experience that counterterrorism and military operations alone will never be a sufficient response to genuine real extremist threats that they face. Egypt needs to enlist the help of its civil society, not crush it. It should avoid measures like its 2013 anti-protest law that curtails citizens' ability to participate peacefully in public meetings or its 2015 counterterrorism law that punishes journalists who stray from official government narratives. President Sisi has defended the crackdown on civil society calling it fourth generation warfare, the notion that media and civil society groups that aren't lockstep with the government are somehow waging war against the Egypt State.    Madam Chair, history warns us of the dangers when conspiracy theory becomes official policy. Just ask those 43 wrongly convicted NGO workers who are still unable to travel freely in some parts of the world, and the Egyptian staff who have been cut off from their families over these years. Now, the Egyptian Government appears to be doubling down on its approach. As was mentioned, it has reopened and apparently widened the NGO case with as many as 47 Egyptian and international organizations now being threatened with criminal prosecution.    But despite this bleak picture, IRI and other international organizations still hope that Egypt will one day reclaim its strong civil society and citizen-responsive government traditions. At IRI we continue to work with peaceful democratic Egyptians through programs taking place offshore in third country locations. We still hope to assist civil society and political party reformers to improve governance and to combat the alienation and anger that extremism depends upon. We are proud that, despite the many obvious challenges, a recent independent evaluation of our Egypt programs found promising results and reason for continued engagement.    Madam Chair, I respectfully offer the following recommendations for the subcommittee to consider: First, since Egyptian obstinacy has apparently created a backlog of U.S.-Egypt assistance funds to the tune of $700 million or more, I would urge the U.S. to redirect much of that backlog to places where significant democratic strides are being made, places like Tunisia.    Second, the funds that are going to Egypt I believe a significant portion of that should be used to engage democratic actors and build their skills for a future democratic breakthrough.    And then finally, U.S. administration officials, Members of Congress, and staff at every level should continue to raise the foreign funding case at every opportunity. We should make it clear that reopening the case and expanding it is unconditionally unacceptable. And of course, continue to insist that the only solution to the 2013 verdict is full pardons by President Sisi.    Madam Chair, a recent Economist article suggested that if Egypt does well, it can lift the region, whereas its collapse would represent a threat to the entire Middle East and Europe. I would add the United States to that list as well.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Very good. Thank you, Ambassador Green.    Mr. Awad.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Mr. Awad, thank you so much.    Ms. Hawthorne.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Please do. Thank you so much.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much. Excellent testimony from all three. I will start the question-and-answer period.    Ambassador Green, I completely agree that if the Egyptian Government keeps stifling dissent and does not allow for more citizen participation, it will likely end up destabilizing the country even further.    You mentioned that your legal team had looked into the Egyptian government's authority to issue pardons to the 43 NGO staff, and that you had concluded that it is completely within its power to do so. And when I have raised this issue with Egyptian officials, I have been told that the biggest obstacle is the judiciary's ongoing review and then reform of the penal code, which would then need to be passed by the Parliament. What is your understanding of the judiciary's role in this process, and how can we help Egypt to move these pardons forward and to start seeing civil society as an ally in its development and not as a problem?    Ambassador Green. Thank you, Madam Chair, for that question. First off, as you alluded to, our best legal information is that they can move immediately to issue pardons. I would note, as some of you have pointed out, they do not seem to have a barrier in reopening the case in adding defendants. It is only pardoning the convicted that they seem to hesitate over. And again, we simply don't see legal barriers to it. There are more political obstacles that they keep raising.    Madam Chair, I think the best answer to the question that you posed about how to move this forward is really, quite frankly, to continue doing what you have been doing and others on the committee have been doing and that is raise this every single time. Egypt is an important ally, and as an important ally, we need to speak frankly and make it very clear to them at every single possible opportunity that this matters to us. Their treatment of American citizens, as well as citizens of their own country, but particularly American citizens is something that matters to us and we will not let stand, so I think making that case over and over again.    And then finally just on the logical point, as some of you have said, they are making it hard for us to help them. We wish to see, all of us, Egypt succeed. We need Egypt to succeed, and the lessons of our experience as a nation, as well as organizations like NDI and IRI, is that for security to be sustainable, it must involve citizens and civil society.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, sir.    Mr. Awad, you testified that, relative to the Sinai, the Egyptian security forces have so far been able to frustrate ISIS and other violent groups in the Nile Valley. What elements does Egypt need to include in its counterinsurgency strategy if it is to stop ISIS from expanding further? And what do you see as ISIS' strategy in Egypt as it attempts to link its operations with those in Libya?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much. Thank you.    Mr. Deutch is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Ambassador Green, thank you very much for your service, and I am really so pleased about your presidency of IRI, the International Republican Institute. I wish more American people knew about IRI, also the National Democratic Institute. It is a great example of working together, both parties, promoting democracy around the world.    And I had the opportunity 26 years ago--it was life-changing to me--to be an election observer as a State Senator in Bulgaria June 10, 1990. I will never forget it. It was extraordinary to see the country come to life after fascism, Nazism, communism. And then it gave me the opportunity to invite--and I had a Member of Parliament Stefan Stoyonov and Ambassador Elena Poptodorova come and observe our election. So it was eye-opening.    And then I had the opportunity, due to IRI, to visit in Bratislava, Slovakia; to Novosibirsk, Siberia. What a difference you make. And I had the great opportunity to have Ambassador Peter Burian as an election observer from Slovakia in South Carolina of all things where he unjustly accused me of arranging for half of the voters to have Slovak heritage. It was just a coincidence as we were at the polling locations. But what a difference IRI makes. So thank you.    In your written testimony, you stated that President Sisi's concerted counterterrorism campaign in the Sinai shows few signs of progress in eliminating the very real extremist threat that is sadly on the rise. Based on this observation, could you explain the impact of the really bizarre reports that the U.S. may be withdrawing from the Sinai, and what would that do to the prospect of destroying ISIL/Daesh on the Sinai Peninsula?    Ambassador Green. Thank you, Congressman. Thank you for the kind words. And as you know, IRI and NDI are joined at the hip. We are sister organizations working closely together.    I am not sure I am qualified to give you a thorough assessment on the security front, but I would say that we do believe the U.S. must stay engaged with Egypt. It is a crucial partner of ours in the region, so I would certainly not suggest withdrawal in any way, shape, or form.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Well, to me it is very clear. We either stop ISIL/Daesh overseas or we will see them again here, as Congressman Rohrabacher has so eloquently pointed out.    Mr. Awad, how would you characterize the impact of U.S. military assistance to Egypt? Has it been used effectively?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Wilson.    And now we will go to Mr. Trott, right? Yes.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Oh, terrific.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, excellent questions. And good luck with the prayer today.    Mr. Connolly of Virginia is recognized.