    Ms. Escobari. Chairman Duncan and Ranking Member Sires, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today and for speaking out on the Government of Nicaragua's efforts to restrict democracy.    I am grateful for the committee's support for the work of USAID and for your leadership in our engagement in Central America. I have actually just come back from the Northern Triangle and I saw firsthand how our support is making a difference. This is a historic opportunity to help these countries in their effort to improve the lives of their citizens and the political will for reform is definitely there.    Despite significant challenges, citizens are demanding accountability and local institutions are responding from CICIG in Guatemala to the show of independence in the Attorney General offices of each of these three countries, they are making significant strides in accountability and transparency.    These gains are in stark contrast to the situation in Nicaragua, where the Ortega administration continues to close democratic space and consolidate power. Nicaragua is the second poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere. The country has yet to reach the levels of income per capita it had in 1978. Criminal activities and violence are on the rise on the country's Caribbean coast, which is also the area with the worst poverty indicators, where 40 percent of boys and girls do not attend school. This is not a country that can afford a government that refuses to be held accountable and respond to those most in need of assistance.    We must continue to support the people of Nicaragua in their efforts to participate in the democratic process. And two-thirds of USAID's bilateral assistance focuses on this priority. We are supporting over 60 civil society organizations to help them be effective in advocating for citizens' rights. We are also helping nurture the next generation of civic leaders. We work with a network of over 2,000 young people who have participated in our leadership programs. They are leading local initiatives that matter to them, from bringing drinkable water to their communities to advocating for human rights but they are also increasingly making up the ranks of leadership in public and private organizations. These efforts are allowing them to exercise their political muscle and see results.    As a result of USAID efforts, citizens are also holding municipal governments accountable, exercising democratic principles at a local level. Citizens have submitted nearly 200 proposals to extend services for youth, women, and the disabled in nine municipalities and nearly half of these proposals, worth over $1.6 million, have been incorporated in municipal budgets.    We are also strengthening independent media, as they face restrictive regulations and dwindling resources as advertisers pay a political cost for their support. USAID works with over 20 organizations in press, radio, and television to strengthen their operations and help them be more effective.    While democracy and governance remain USAID's priorities in Nicaragua, we also support citizen security and education in the autonomous Caribbean coast, where the worst poverty indicators exist. USAID education programs help improve early grade reading, which is an important determinant in keeping kids in school. Our vocational programs with the private sector are helping youth become employable with skills in carpentry, plumbing, car repairs, and ultimately become productive members of their society. The autonomous Caribbean region is home to the most isolated and vulnerable populations in Nicaragua and helping these populations prosper is also crucial to a thriving and healthy democracy.    USAID will continue to evaluate and adjust our programs in Nicaragua so that they remain effective and, looking forward, will continue to elevate Nicaragua's most prominent civil society organizations and connect them with organizations around the globe who are facing similar challenges. It is imperative that the U.S. Government continue to engage and stand by the people of Nicaragua. We are a lifeline that helps them advocate for their rights and freedoms in an increasingly challenging environment.    We share a commitment to democratic governance with our regional neighbors. As stated in the Inter-American Democratic Charter, the peoples of the Americas have a right to democracy and their governments have an obligation to promote and defend it.    I want to thank this committee again for your leadership and support and I look forward to your continued counsel and welcome your questions.    Ms. Escobari. So, I would just agree with your comment that we agree that the Nicaraguan Government should be focusing more on its poor, particularly the Caribbean Coast, which is an isolated area with the most vulnerable populations and we have seen violence and poverty increase in those areas.    Ms. Escobari. Well, thank you, Congressman for your question.    And it is true, we are also very troubled about the lack of electoral observers in this election. Through USAID, we are working to continue to push for accountability. We are even running up to the election. We are working with youth organizations that are able to monitor fraudulent election practices and misuse of funds. During the election, we are also going to have volunteers who are going to try to be in polling stations and report on----    Ms. Escobari. No, absolutely, this is not the ideal situation. And we very much regret the setbacks in a fair electoral procedure.    And we are mentioning here the things that we are trying to do just not to stay quiet and to continue to try to push for accountability and at least make sure that there are observers and they are able to share with the Nicaraguans and outside, if things continue to proceed as they----    Ms. Escobari. Thank you very much Madam Chairman.    At USAID, we totally share your concerns and your focus on democratic programming. And it actually makes up the priority of our bilateral funding to Nicaragua. If you ask me, I think the last years have witnessed more democracy and governance setbacks than gains and it has become a more challenging environment to work in.    That said, we continue to support over 60 civil society organizations, local organizations, both through international partners and through directly with many of them and we are trying to strengthen them. For many of them, we are their only lifeline, as many other donors have left.    We have also started working with younger people and organizations that advocate for democratic principles at a local level. And we are also working with independent media, which we believe is a very important force that needs to remain open and is facing increasing challenges in this environment.    Ms. Escobari. Thank you, Congressman. For our case, the majority of our programming is trying to strengthen the few and usually harassed organizations that are trying to defend democratic institutions and citizens.    Ms. Escobari. No, you are absolutely right that there has not been progress. There has been backsliding but we believe that we should still be there to stand with those organizations to continue to maintain some openness and to have these organizations that can speak for the citizens as that closes.