    Mr. Werkheiser. Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I am Bill Werkheiser, Deputy Director of the United States Geological Survey.    The United States Geological Survey has served the Nation for 137 years, providing unbiased science for use by decisionmakers covering a wide range of policy issues. Our reputation for scientific integrity is essential to everything we do.    That is why I am here today, to address a serious breach of scientific integrity at USGS. This is not a proud day for our agency's 8,670 employees. In my 30 years of Federal service at USGS, this is my lowest moment.    In 2014, USGS identified a potential incident of scientific misconduct at the Inorganic Geochemistry Lab in Lakewood, Colorado. A scientist had been making improper adjustments to data from a machine used to measure heavy metals in coal and water samples. All work in the affected section of the laboratory was stopped and an internal investigation was initiated. USGS also promptly reported the possibility of scientific misconduct to the Office of the Inspector General.    Our investigations into the incident confirm that this data manipulation constituted scientific misconduct. This closely resembled a similar incident at the Inorganic Section that had occurred from 1996 to 2008. The investigation also identified additional management and personnel problems, including indications of a hostile work environment.    I suspect your questions are the same as mine--Why didn't we know this sooner? How could it have happened in the first place? How did it go on for so long without being detected?    Following the recommendations of the investigation, the USGS closed the Inorganic Section of the Energy Geochemistry Laboratory effective March 1, 2016. All the employees implicated in the scientific integrity incidents are no longer employed by the USGS. We posted public notice of this incident, contacted customers of the inorganic lab, and carefully reviewed work products that could have made use of manipulated data from the lab.    All failure of scientific integrity is a serious matter. Misconduct and mismanagement will not be tolerated at USGS. My job is to ensure a situation like this is never able to occur again. We are undertaking significant steps to enhance data quality assurance and quality control procedures.    First, I have asked the National Academy of Sciences to assess all the bureau's laboratory programs, data quality assurance, and quality control procedures. Second, I established a strategic lab committee to ensure that all of our laboratory assets are managed to best support the science mission of the USGS. Third, the energy program is developing a comprehensive and rigorous quality management system to replace current procedures. This will include periodic external review and international benchmarking. Fourth, we have hired a permanent quality management system manager who reports directly to headquarters to avoid any potential conflict of interest, as well as two laboratory quality assurance specialists that will oversee data quality in USGS energy science centers. Taken together, these steps will ensure that any future data quality problems are identified quickly and dealt with immediately.    In our 137-year history, the USGS has built a strong reputation on providing quality scientific information critical to the Nation. For example, our science has helped protect communities in the path of lava flows and prevented a catastrophic rupture along the Alaska pipeline. Most recently, we released an assessment that identified 20 billion barrels of technically recoverable oil resources in west Texas.    We do, and have done, important work in service of this Nation, but none of that excuses or explains this incident. I am committed to upholding the long-standing USGS reputation for scientific quality and integrity. We will continue to address the issues which led to misconduct at this USGS lab and will make all changes necessary to prevent it from happening again.    Throughout these incidents, we have tried to be accountable and transparent to the committee and the public. We have worked with your staff to provide briefings, documents, and other relevant information as quickly as possible, and to prioritize the delivery of the most critical documents to assist in your oversight.    To date, we have provided 270 documents, consisting of more than 4,000 pages responsive to 27 of your 30 specific requests. We anticipate supplying the remaining outstanding documents as soon as possible.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today. I am here to answer any questions you might have.    Mr. Werkheiser. I share your concern. I was appalled and devastated when I learned of this incident. Like you, when I was in school, I learned of the USGS through an article that said the USGS was the best at what it does in the world. That made me want to become part of USGS, so I was deeply, deeply appalled when I learned about this incident.    While I cannot look into the mind of the analysts involved, what I can say is that with this instrument, when the raw information comes off of it, it often needs to be adjusted to comply with standards that are run.    Mr. Werkheiser. The issue is that those adjustments were well outside of established standards. And while I cannot look into the mind of the person or the analyst----    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes, they were asked why. Their explanation was that they felt those manipulations were justified when, in fact, they were not. We looked at it to see if there is a pattern of that manipulation. Was it consistently high, higher than the value should have been? Was it consistently lower than the value could have been? Were they trying to drive some agenda to falsify that data?    There was no consistent bias in that information. Sometimes it was high, sometimes it was low. In fact, the way the samples are submitted, there is no way for them to know what those samples are going to be used for. The project is not identified.    So, I cannot explain exactly why, except from what they tell us. It was in an effort, in their minds, to provide more accurate information, which is absolutely not the case.    Mr. Werkheiser. This is damaging to our reputation. There is absolutely no doubt about that. All I can do is to ensure that we rebuild and regain that reputation. The four steps I outlined before: bringing in the National Academy of Sciences, a very prestigious organization, to evaluate our protocols to help us into the future; the establishment of our strategic laboratory committee to look at all our assets, every lab we have; and the implementation of a QMS, quality management system, that will eventually encompass all of our laboratories across the USGS will help to rebuild that reputation.    Mr. Werkheiser. The quality management system is underway.    Mr. Werkheiser. Thank you for the question. I also was deeply disturbed to learn of the hostile work environment at play here. I am appalled at that environment. So, the main question of ``How can we be assured that this does not happen elsewhere in the Agency? '' is one of great importance to me.    I will point to two things where I say I am confident that is not a culture within USGS. The two things I will point to are: if we look at our sexual harassment claims, they are the lowest in the Department of the Interior; and when you look at our Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey results, we consistently score higher--and these results are used to evaluate work employee engagement, employee satisfaction--those results are consistently higher than the Department and consistently higher than the government overall.    However, those are just statistics. Even one instance of hostile environment or sexual harassment is one too many. Our job is: ``How do we ensure that we have a workplace where people feel safe and are comfortable bringing issues of this nature forward and not be afraid of any type of retaliation or retribution? ''    In doing that, we take it very seriously, and we are undertaking a number of things that are happening. First, is that all the executives within USGS have attended training on workplace environment, workplace culture. That training will be cascaded through the organization until every employee has received that training and is made aware.    The other thing we have done is, in looking at this case in particular, it is clear that the employee did not feel comfortable coming forward. So, we need to have advocates for employees who represent their interest, and that they can go to confidentially and not be concerned about any retribution or any type of stigma attached to coming forward. We are working with the Department of the Interior to make our employees have access to an ombudsperson, at least one, maybe several, to ensure that confidentiality and that advocacy.    The other thing I will say is that our Director takes this issue very seriously. She has issued several memos and communications with employees on the issue. She has developed a work group to look at, in particular, workplace issues and reaching out to organizations such as the American Geosciences Institute and the American Geophysical Institute--or Union--to look at the processes and the lessons learned, the best practices from those very large institutions and bringing those into USGS.    Mr. Werkheiser. We have worked with our Office of Diversity and Equal Opportunity. That is where those claims are looked at and investigated. And we have had that looked at by the EEOC; and, I guess several years ago now, they determined that our systems were not totally adequate to ensure just what you had asked, that confidentiality and that ability to look and investigate an issue fully without any type of stigma attached to it. We are revising our policies in our office. We are working with the Department to do that.    Mr. Werkheiser. Using the instrument that he first started on in 2010, or I believe it was 2009, yes. New instrumentation was procured in 2012, and evidence indicates that he was not qualified to operate that instrument.    Mr. Werkheiser. Most of his career, he was working in a different lab doing different things. And he was transferred to the Inorganic Geochemistry Lab, I believe, in 2009 or 2010, where he took over those new duties. So, it was clearly a management failure at several levels.    And, again, through these procedures and through this quality management system implementation, we intend to make sure that does not happen again; or, if it does happen, that we catch it quickly and take appropriate action.    Mr. Werkheiser. I have thought about it often, long and hard. The responsibility for ensuring that our employees are doing their jobs and are accountable to their jobs resides in all levels of management, from first-line supervisor up to the Director of the United States Geological Survey. Failures along the way are inexcusable, and I need to do a better job of holding my supervisors accountable, and that will trickle down through the organization.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes, we have a number of labs throughout the country. And, in fact, one of the labs in Denver that you just mentioned is our National Water Quality Lab. Whereas the lab in question, the Inorganic Geochemistry Lab, processed about 575 samples a year, the National Water Quality Lab processes about 35,000 to 40,000 samples a year. So, the throughput is much larger and employs a much larger staff.    The quality controls at that Denver lab, the National Water Quality Lab, are stringent. It is a best practice. It is recognized. It is reviewed often by external agencies. And there are other labs. Most of the labs across USGS that have that type of volume and that type of stature have similar quality management systems in place.    We have other labs that are research labs. Those are staffed by one or two people. They do work for their project. They may be developing methods that do not exist at this time, looking at very unique types of constituents. Those quality management systems are not as robust because they do not exist, but our new effort to implement here in this quality management system will eventually encompass all those labs.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes. As I said, I am confident that this was an isolated example. We have other quality assurance measures in place. For example, many of the projects that use this lab have their own quality assurance procedures in place, and they actually caught a number of the issues and did not use that information because they have those quality assurance procedures.    Mr. Werkheiser. Not at this time. That is what is being implemented now.    Mr. Werkheiser. We have had quality management systems. They were not effective, as we mentioned in the opening statement. There have been a number of reviews, in particular, in this lab. After the 2008 incident, there was an internal review by a team from outside the lab. There was an external review in 2012 that had 29 recommendations that were implemented. But it was the responsibility of the local management to implement those recommendations, and they were slow to do that.    Those previous efforts were not successful, so we need to ensure that this future effort is successful. We believe that the robust system that we are putting in place, even though it will take some time to put in place, is the way to go. It is the right way to do it, and we have tried other ways that have not been effective.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes. We are continuing to investigate the original information. Part of the issue and part of the reason that makes this so bad is that standard procedures for keeping records were not kept. So, the raw data that came off was not necessarily archived.    However, we have gone back and we have retrieved a significant amount of that information from other sources, and we are evaluating what that manipulation exactly looked like, how severe was it, can we re-create what the values should have been. We did not have that information when we first started the investigation. We have some of that now. So, we are hoping to go back and learn from that.    We were also making an effort to go back and, as you say, take a look at the stakeholders that may have used products from this lab. Most of those were internal, and we feel confident that none of the data used from this, at least this latest incident, made it into the public domain, that the projects that had those analyses run were able to capture it. It was definitely inefficient and cost money, but they were able to use other means to reach their conclusions, multiple lines of evidence.    Mr. Werkheiser. I should have been clear. It was this latest incident from 2010, 2009 to 2014. We cannot evaluate the previous 1996 to 2008. That information does not exist. However, we have talked to scientists who used that information, who had projects back in that time frame and we are evaluating the potential impacts from that.    The other thing we are doing is we are looking at those 33 projects that used the information from the latest incident and are trying to backtrack that to look at all stakeholders, so that even if the data did not make it into the public domain, there may have been informal communications with others, and we are trying to backtrack that also.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes. It will take several months to do that investigation, but certainly as soon as we have it, we would be happy to come and talk to you about it.    Mr. Werkheiser. In October of 2014, a stop work order was issued, and that chemist was involved in trying to re-create the work he had done. Personnel actions were initiated, and I believe it was June 2016 when the separation took place.    Mr. Werkheiser. I would be happy----    Mr. Werkheiser. Trying to re-create the information that was in question.    Mr. Werkheiser. Trying to justify his actions to the investigative bodies, the various bodies that went through that lab.    Mr. Werkheiser. Well, to look at exactly the questions you had asked: Why did this happen, how did it happen.    Mr. Werkheiser. Our personnel processes are complex.    Mr. Werkheiser. They certainly questioned him.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes. Several times.    Mr. Werkheiser. The length of service is exactly what it says. You work for 30 years and you get recognized for that. I don't think it was a slap on the wrist.    Mr. Werkheiser. There are various penalties, including suspension without pay up to separation from the Agency.    Mr. Werkheiser. The action was initiated, yes.    Mr. Werkheiser. No. I mean, it was initiated, not right away but----    Mr. Werkheiser. The investigation, as I said, is complex, takes time.    Mr. Werkheiser. Again, I would be happy to provide that information.    Mr. Werkheiser. I cannot answer.    Mr. Werkheiser. That information has left the USGS, is at the Department being reviewed at this time. Part of the reason it took so long to produce is that we had to retrieve that information from OPM. When the information came, much of that information was non-responsive to the specific request. So, we went through it and brought out the specific information requested. That is now at the Department being reviewed and will be here as soon as it is----    Mr. Werkheiser. It is at the Department, and we have, as I am sure you are aware, we have----    Mr. Werkheiser. Approximately 2 weeks.    Mr. Werkheiser. In any laboratory situation, upgrades of equipment are a common business practice, and we need to stay on the forefront of technology. When new equipment comes out, oftentimes, I know in my experience in the Water Quality Laboratory, when the new generation of equipment comes out, they process more samples in a shorter amount of time and are more efficient in the processing of that information. Plus, they provide information that is more accurate and more reliable.    So, the purchase of equipment is a standard business practice that occurs throughout our labs. In this case, the critical failure was in not training this individual, not ensuring that this individual had the appropriate training and background to operate the equipment appropriately. That is a management failure. And that, again, is something that we recognize and that we will move forward to correct as part of some of the tasks we are undertaking to improve the quality of our laboratories.    Mr. Werkheiser. It did, much longer than could be achieved in private laboratories. So, in addition to the scientific misconduct and integrity issues, the decision to close the lab also included those operational issues, such as turnaround time, and efficiency and value to the taxpayer.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes, it clearly was a management failure. As managers and as supervisors, we owe it to the taxpayer and to this country to hold ourselves and our employees accountable. That did not happen in this case.    Mr. Werkheiser. Again, I would be happy to provide that in private. Our advice is that because this is being broadcast, that we should not, because of privacy concerns----    Mr. Werkheiser. What I can say is those employees are no longer with the United States Geological Survey. I would be happy to provide that information to you privately. My advice has been not to provide that publicly because of the public nature of this hearing.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes.    Mr. Werkheiser. Well, the overall investigation is not. Those employees are no longer with the United States Geological Survey, but there is still an active component going on.    Mr. Werkheiser. To learn exactly what happened, what the nature of the issues were, how severe it was. It is not a formal investigation, but we are still investigating the issue.    Mr. Werkheiser. I----    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes. We----    Mr. Werkheiser. We can certainly provide that to the committee, yes.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes. When the second incident was discovered, the lab management acted immediately to notify the energy resources program at headquarters, and initiated an internal investigation from our Office of Science, Quality, and Integrity. That investigation eventually led to notification to the Office of Inspector General. It was self-reported. And the science center management generated all those requests.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes.    Mr. Werkheiser. Right. The QA/QC person was not in the management chain. They are not a supervisor. The management chain took it very seriously and reported it.    Mr. Werkheiser. That is our job. Our job is to create that environment.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes. In this case, I don't believe enough was done to create that environment.    Mr. Werkheiser. I would certainly agree.    Mr. Werkheiser. The analyst in question has been consistent in his responses that he viewed that he was doing an appropriate adjustment to the data, even though it is clear that it was not. So, I don't think any further questioning of that person is going to yield anything different than that.    The investigation of, ``Was there a pattern, is there a consistency as to how that manipulation happened, the extent of what it was''--many of the reasons for it are still under investigation. Since we have been able to identify some of that through notebooks and those type of things, with that information we are trying to re-create what exactly happened.    Mr. Werkheiser. Yes.    Mr. Werkheiser. We have been trying to assemble that information. Actually, I do not have that information, but I would like to follow up on the $108 million figure.    That represents the total funding for those projects that used the lab. The actual value of those samples that were analyzed is much less than that. The projects and the results they make, they use many lines of evidence, they use outside labs, they use a number of--it represents the entire effort to produce a report or an assessment. The value of the impacted from the laboratory is probably a tenth of that.    Mr. Werkheiser. In the----    Mr. Werkheiser. In the second incident, it is 22 projects. We actually do not have the information for the first incident.    Mr. Werkheiser. Not for the first one. Those records just do not exist back that far. We have partial records, but dating back to 1996, that was prior to an automated laboratory information management system that was put in place in 2010.    Mr. Werkheiser. I do understand that on the financial side. We will try to re-create as much of that as we can.    Mr. Werkheiser. Well, certainly on the research side, I think we know that the----Do we know how many projects? We do not know.    Mr. Werkheiser. I will go back and try to.    Mr. Werkheiser. I cannot address that with any certainty, that is true.