    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And let me thank all of the witnesses who are here today.    You know, we have talked, I guess, a lot about access and affordability, and for me that is key. Without affordability, access doesn't mean very much.    I am one of those first-generation--or I was--first-generation, low-income students. I was able to survive and be successful at the Ohio State University, get my Ph.D. there, because of the North Carolina A&T, an HBCU that prepared me, gave me the skills that I needed that I didn't have when I left high school from New Jersey.    But I want to ask Dr. Cooper about Parent PLUS loans. This program underwent some changes in 2011 that resulted in students who were previously eligible and they were being denied as a result of the changes.    It affected a lot of students, a number of them in North Carolina, their ability to pay tuition. Dramatic effects on HBCUs.    When the problem first surfaced in 2012, 400,000 students nationwide were impacted; 28,000 HBCU students negatively impacted.    So do you believe that the recent changes to this program are enough to fix the problem created by the 2011 changes? And if not, what do you believe we need to do to address this problem?    Ms. Adams. Yes. Thank you very much.    I have spent 40 years teaching at Bennett College in Greensboro, so from another perspective, I certainly understand the plight of these students, and just a few days ago launched the bipartisan HBCU Caucus with my colleague, Bradley Byrne, so we are going to be working hopefully across the aisle and educating folks, because I think that is important.    So, Dr. Cooper, I want to ask you, in terms of the demographics and the students who attend HBCUs. And we know that they are different students, and perhaps if the same demographic of students at HBCUs were at other schools in the--we would have higher graduation rates.    So how would we then measure the success of HBCUs while taking into account that they enroll a significant percentage of low-income, first-generation students?    Ms. Adams. One quick comment on Pell Grants and the need for access to these funds year-round, if you could comment on that?    Ms. Adams. Pell Grants. We don't have them in the summer anymore. What is your thought about it?    Ms. Adams. Thank you very much. I am out of time.    Thank you, Madam.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you.    Mr. Polis, you are recognized for 5 minutes.