    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Madam Chair, Ranking Member McGovern. And thank you all for your testimony.    North Carolina is currently approved by USDA to receive a waiver from work requirements for able-bodied adults in the areas of the state that continue to experience high levels of unemployment for Fiscal Year 2016. The waiver allows able-bodied adults to receive SNAP benefits for more than 3 months during a 3 year period if they cannot find a job during an economic crisis.    Recently, the North Carolina General Assembly passed House Bill 318, and it prohibits the state from ever applying for a waiver for SNAP work requirements for able-bodied adults during an economic crisis, and that any waivers currently requested shall not extend past March of 2016.    The bill, in my opinion, is mean-spirited. It punishes people in high unemployment areas. And in my district, we have a 13.8 percent unemployment, and, of course, this limits the state's ability to meet the needs of the unemployed. As has been said here, SNAP is not a work program, it is a nutrition program, to help those who are struggling to put food on the table.    Last month, I sent a letter to our Governor asking that he veto this bill. And we are still waiting, but I continue to call on our Governor to do this, which he must do by the end of this week to keep the bill from becoming law.    Dr. Haskins, if there are not enough jobs to go around for every able-bodied adult without dependents in North Carolina, what is the value of increasing work requirements for SNAP recipients?    Ms. Adams. Right.    Dr. Haskins.--unemployment rates like you are talking about.    Ms. Adams. Thank you, sir. I think there are lots of things that prohibit that. I mean transportation, gaps, in terms of skills gaps and the jobs that are available.    Dr. Ochoa, how might SNAP be of particular benefit to young children who also experience the stress of living in poverty?    Ms. Adams. Thank you. How might the investment in SNAP save money and healthcare costs in the long-run, just as other vaccines do?    Ms. Adams. Thank you.    And, Madam Chair, I yield back.    The Chairwoman. The chair recognizes Mr. Yoho, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you both for being here. Next year, up to one million people in the U.S. will lose SNAP benefits, and they will lose food assistance because time limit waivers will expire for able-bodied adults who work less than 20 hours a week, and do not have dependents. In my home State of North Carolina, the Governor recently signed a bill that would prohibit the state from asking for waivers, even during economic downturns. Instead of helping these people find jobs, North Carolina has decided to just cut off their benefits. The North Carolina unemployment rate is about the 11th highest in the nation, and in my district it is about 13.8 percent. So a lot of people who want to work can't find a job. And I am not opposed to encouraging people to look for work, but sometimes the jobs just aren't there, and people have significant barriers, as we have heard, to obtaining and keeping a job.    Based on the conversations you have had during the hearings that you held throughout the country, what do you think will be the true impact of allowing these benefits to expire?    Ms. Adams. Yes, please.    Ms. Adams. Okay. We notice also in our state we have a skills gap as well, so the jobs that are available, people are not qualified to take them. Of course, then education becomes an issue there. But wouldn't the increase in hunger lead to greater stress and more difficulty in job seeking?    Ms. Adams. Okay. Dr. Chilton?    Ms. Adams. Thank you. How would fully funding the Child Care Development block grant support working families with children?    Ms. Adams. Right, yes.    Ms. Adams. Thank you very much. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate both of you being here today. We are all coming face to face with this difficulty of trying to capture the essence of what we are talking about in 30 second sound bites. Did you have a question?