    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, you certainly laid out well the potential threats of a cyberattack against our critical electrical grid. We know there is constant probing, some of it being done by nation-states, not just terrorist groups, nation-states hostile to the U.S. And we need to be certain that we are as prepared, well prepared, as we can be. The Ukraine attack was perhaps a harbinger of things to come.    The--I do believe, though, that the all-hazards approach can also cover the cyberattack area. The issue of probably most immediate concern to those of us who live in the Northwestern United States is the threat of Cascadia subduction zone quake in the magnitude of 9 or 9-plus, which will inevitably knock out our grid. So, you know, there are going to be exercises conducted, two exercises this year, with the cooperation of the Department of Homeland Security and all the local and State authorities in the region to simulate what would be possible in the face of that sort of a disaster.    Many of the problems that could occur will be the same. You know, the loss of transformers is particularly of concern, and I am going to be probing that issue with some of the witnesses today. There is a question whether the Federal Government should be perhaps stockpiling these transformers, since now they are basically custom orders. They take 6 to 18 months.    What if we lose a dozen large critical transformers because of an earthquake, tsunami, or a cyberattack? You know, it seems to me kind of a no-brainer that we should, either through Government sources or through cooperation with the industry, be creating a critical infrastructure component stockpile here in the United States to deal with any and all of these sorts of potential attacks. And a coordinated, physical attack and cyberattack could, of course, be the most devastating, outside of a massive earthquake/tsunami. And again, many of the same issues arise.    And then one that doesn't get talked about very much any more but we held a series of hearings on it years ago in the Committee on Natural Resources--then called the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs--when we had jurisdiction over nuclear power is the potential for a bomb in place. That is, a nuclear plant. If you destroy the backup system--take over the plant, destroy the backup system and the incoming power, you can create a meltdown. And how good is the security at our nuclear plants these days? I know this hearing isn't going to get to that topic, I am not certain it is even within our jurisdiction, but it is of concern to me, and I just wanted to raise that issue, too.    So, like aviation, you know, electricity, the grid, the--and nuclear plants are of interest to terrorist groups and hostile nation-states, so we have got to be prepared. So I am pleased you are holding this hearing today.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I regret I had to step out to go to a hearing upstairs. We should--the committee should look at not scheduling hearings in different subcommittees at the same time.    Administrator Fugate, I think you made a number of excellent points. And when you talked about being a ham radio operator, obviously that is a potential backup. But I was recently in Japan and one of their greatest regrets is that they didn't have enough deep ocean sensors, and they underestimated the size of the tsunami. And they did manage to get out a warning with that original estimate before the electrical grid went down in those areas, and they had no further capability of broadcasting and warning people. And therefore, many people sheltered in places that actually were below the crest of the tsunami and died.    So they have now moved to a cell phone-based system, and required resilient cell towers to be built. Are we looking at anything like that here, in the U.S.?    Mr. DeFazio. And when--phones manufactured after what date were required to have that, do you know?    Mr. DeFazio. OK.    Mr. DeFazio. That is great. Yes, I have actually been on an airplane here where we were held on the ground because of thunderstorms, and everybody's cell phone started buzzing as they had, like, a tornado alert or something. I can't remember what it was.    Mr. DeFazio. So that is great progress. To the Honorable Ms. Hoffman, just on the issue I raised earlier, you know, the transformer issue, it does seem really critical and they are very expensive, they are cumbersome, hard to move. But, I mean, where are you at in evaluating the potential or possibility of having some, you know, backup or replacement transformers in a strategic reserve?    Is it--you are analyzing that, or where are you at in that process?    Mr. DeFazio. So what was the timeline that was established for the----    Mr. DeFazio. OK, great. Are you aware whether or not the regional power administration, the Bonneville Power Administration, is, you know--I mean are you working with them? Because they obviously have most of the--are interlinked in some places with private, but for the most part provide for the, you know power transmission and--high-voltage power transmission. And half of that--well, part of it is DC. So we actually have two different sets of transformers.    Mr. DeFazio. OK, thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.