    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for continuing the focus on this critical subject for our country.    I want to start with you, Dr. Volkow. We talked about how the opioid addiction facing the country is, in large part, due to chronic pain. And you mentioned that 100 million people suffer from chronic pain. I've heard up to one in three Americans actually possibly suffer from chronic pain.    And one of the goals of this hearing is to try to focus on evidence-based treatment and new treatments in trying to find out what it is that is working. And, obviously, one treatment doesn't work for everyone, as we've heard.    But I learned about, in the course of examining this, that there are some technologies that are new, not completely new, but one being--I was told about spinal cord stimulation, which targets nerves with electrical impulses rather than drugs, and that clinical studies have shown it to be safe: 4,000 patients have received this stimulator. And so it obviously is a device, a technology that can actually stop that stimulation and can help hopefully end that addiction, but yet NIH hasn't included that in its draft pain strategy. It didn't mention technologies like SCS.    Can you talk at all about why it wouldn't be promoting this FDA-approved type of technology? And are there other technologies we ought to be talking about other than medication for chronic pain?    Mrs. Brooks. How would you recommend we increase, then, patient access and educate more physicians about this type of technology?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you very much.    I'd like to ask you, Mr. Botticelli, my State, State of Indiana, recently passed a law allowing physicians to prescribe the naloxone to parents and to others and friends, giving them greater access to the reversal heroin drug.    Would you speak as to what's known about the impact of the naloxone programs and whether you have concerns about whether the naloxone might encourage actually more risk-taking? Because I met with law enforcement who said they had given naloxone, had saved their lives and, a couple weeks later, saved their life again with the naloxone. And so I am somewhat concerned--and I absolutely want to save lives, and we must. And we know there aren't enough treatments. This is obviously a huge problem.    But might that encourage an addict, if they knew their mom, dad, or friend had the save right there? Can you talk to us about these naloxone programs?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. I completely agree, and I certainly hope the results in Indiana prove out to be the same as in your State.    And I yield back. Thank you.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. Actually, I realize Mr. Botticelli mentioned it in his opening, and I wanted to have an unrelated follow-up if I might, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Brooks. You mentioned--and we are having a crisis in Indiana in Scott County, a community of 4,300 people, an outbreak of HIV due to needle exchange. And I would simply like--and I hope that many of you have been following what has been happening and the number of citizens in Indiana who now have contracted HIV because of their, in all likelihood, heroin addiction, right.    Mrs. Brooks. Or prescription drug addiction and possibly heroin addiction as well.    I am very curious, since I have this incredible panel of experts here, what you might say to our State and to the health professionals, our public health professionals who are dealing with this crisis, to our State and local government officials, what advice and thoughts do you have for our State? And I truly, if we could, this is a crisis in our State that I think could be in any State in the country.    Mr. Botticelli.    Mrs. Brooks. And then anyone else who might comment, please.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. And I'm sure Dr. Adams appreciates that.    Mrs. Brooks. Dr. Volkow----    Mrs. Brooks. Or, I'm sorry, and Administrator Hyde. Maybe Dr. Volkow and then Administrator Hyde.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allowing me to give that voice.    Mrs. Brooks. Indiana.