    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank you for continuing this investigation. I think they doth protest too much. And the gyrations that are going on, trying to indicate that we are premature, my gracious, if this is premature, I'd hate to see what delayed is.    This is our responsibility, Mr. Chairman--and thank you--to do oversight, to continue to push to get to the answers. 32,000, they may all be duplicates, but we should have had those. We should have 80,000. We have the responsibility and the right to have those. And I appreciate the work that's being done here.    I mean, we're still talking about citizens who have been attacked by their government. Their IRS intimidated. Even to this day, it's still going on. These are people we can't forget.    ``If you say the targeting issues have been resolved, how come we still haven't received a determination one way or the other?'', asked Rick Harbaugh, leader of the Albuquerque Tea Party, which has been waiting 5 years for its tax exemption. ``We are still being targeted.'' That's in their mind. And so it's good work we're doing here.    In May 2013, the DOJ announced that it would be conducting an independent investigation of the IRS targeting in conjunction with the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, you folks. At the 2013 press conference where Holder made the announcement, he said, ``Those were, I think as everyone can agree, if not criminal, they were certainly outrageous and unacceptable. But we're examining the facts to see if there were criminal violations.'' Good.    But a DOJ official involved in the investigation, who is doing this at Eric Holder's behest, was Barbara Bosserman, who contributed the maximum amount to President Obama's campaign.    The DOJ leaked last year that it did not anticipate any criminal charges being filed. And, earlier this year, February 13, to be exact, our Attorney General, Eric Holder, said, ``I'm satisfied with the progress that the Criminal Division has done. The Civil Rights Division, as well. I expect that we will have some final recommendations coming up relatively soon.''    Well, if that's the case, then it is important that we do these studies, these questioning right now.    Let me ask Mr. George and Mr. Camus, is TIGTA still participating in the DOJ's investigation of the targeting of conservative nonprofit groups?    Mr. Walberg. Is this investigation nearing completion?    Mr. Walberg. Are you aware if any criminal charges are going to be filed?    Mr. Walberg. Considered to be filed?    Mr. Walberg. Are you aware that, in January, Eric Holder Stated that the DOJ's investigation was nearing completion and that DOJ would be making recommendations to IRS?    Mr. Walberg. Do you know what these recommendations will be?    Mr. Walberg. I think we are getting a trend here.    Another reason for this hearing--to find who's on first, who's on second, what's progressing, what we have to expect, what we need to be looking for.    Isn't it your job and not the job of DOJ to make recommendations to the IRS?    Mr. Walberg. Your job to do that.    Mr. Walberg. So the purposes for which you are undertaking this investigation, you are doing it with diligence.    You may have a question, Mr. George, about one document. We've got 32,000 documents that we're concerned about here.    But more than that, again, I go back to the fact that we are concerned about citizens, private citizens, taxpaying citizens, citizens who have First Amendment liberties, citizens who have the right to know that their government will not go after them in untoward ways simply because of their beliefs, their values, who they join and involve themselves with.    And I thank you for the good work you're doing. I wish that we could receive the information that we requested so we could work alongside in a parallel process to get to the bottom of what ought to be the American ideal, and that's freedom and opportunity.    Mr. George, you have a Statement?    Mr. Walberg. Thank you.    I yield back.