    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The 113th Congress is considered to have been one of the most do-nothing Congresses in history. The biggest symbol of the Republican failure to govern was the unnecessary and irresponsible shutdown that lasted from October 1 through October 16. Federal employees were furloughed for a combined total of 6.6 million days. $2 billion was spent on payroll to these furloughed employees for work that they were prevented from doing. The recovering economy took a hit, and millions of Americans were denied access to programs and services that they rely on.    Perhaps it is fitting, then, that the 113th Congress ended with the so-called Cromnibus, a spending bill that promised to yet again put us on the path toward a government shutdown.    We are only 2 months into the 114th Congress, but it already seems like the Republican majority in the House and Senate is trying to outdo itself. For the past 6 weeks, rather than proceed with the DHS funding bill that Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate agreed to last year, Republican leaders in the House and Senate have insisted that funding be contingent on a series of poison pill immigration riders demanded by the most extreme Members and supported by all but a few.    Since the Cromnibus was first hatched, many Republicans have argued that the President acted unconstitutionally on November 20, when he and the Secretary of Homeland Security announced a series of measures designed to bring a measure of sense to our broken immigration system. We have been told that these measures cannot be permitted to take effect.    Last week, of course, a Federal judge issued a preliminary injunction halting two of those measures, the Deferred Action for Parental Accountability Program and the expansion of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. These efforts are designed to offer temporary protection from deportation to certain parents of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents, and to DREAMers with long ties to our country. The Department of Justice this week requested a stay of the injunction and noticed an appeal.    The matter is firmly in the hands of the Federal courts, the branch of the Government that the Constitution entrusts to settle disputes arising under the Constitution and the laws of the United States.    Some people, including some Republicans in the House and Senate, have speculated that a court injunction would convince Republican leadership to stop holding the spending bill hostage. What we have seen over the past 2 weeks, however, is that many Republicans are even more determined to take us over a cliff and once more shut down the Government.    Several points are worth noting. First, we continue to hear Republicans minimize the impact of a shutdown on national security by arguing that 85 percent of DHS employees were deemed essential during the last Government shutdown. I just can't understand how we in Congress would take comfort at the idea of forcing Border Patrol agents to secure our borders, Coast Guard personnel to patrol the seas, and ICE officers and agents to conduct law enforcement investigations and secure detention facilities, without receiving their paycheck. It is unconscionable, really.    Further, it is bizarre that we will de-fund of the E-Verify program, stop the immigration enforcement efforts, but at the same time, because they are fee-supported, the processing of immigration petitions will be unimpeded. So the effort stops immigration enforcement, but it does nothing to actually stop the processing of immigration petitions.    Second, since we know the court has already temporarily halted implementation of DAPA, expanded DACA, it is important to remember what other initiatives congressional Republicans are trying to block as part of DHS funding. They voted overwhelmingly to eliminate the DACA program itself, stripping protection for more than 600,000 DREAM Act kids and subjecting them once more to deportation. They voted to prevent DHS from implementing a new enforcement strategy along our southern border and creating three new law enforcement task forces. They voted to block DHS and DOD from working together to ensure that U.S. citizens who wish to enlist in the military would be able to do so notwithstanding immigration status of close relatives. They voted to stop DHS from taking important steps to capitalize on the talents of entrepreneurs, to help companies attract and retain highly skilled immigrants, and to promote citizenship.    Just yesterday, USCIS issued a final rule extending work authorization to the spouses of certain H-1B visa holders who are beneficiaries of approved employment-based immigrant visa petitions. If the appropriations bill passed by the House were to have become law, USCIS would have been prevented from finalizing that rule.    Republicans don't talk about the fact that they are refusing to fund DHS unless they block each of these efforts, but that is what they voted to do.    Turning to today's hearing, I note that although the title of this hearing, as has been mentioned, presumes that the President's executive actions are unconstitutional, no court, including the Texas District Court that issued the preliminary injunction, has found that these actions are unconstitutional.    In fact, a challenge to the original DACA program brought by the State of Mississippi was thrown out of court for lack of standing. And a challenge to the Administration's recent executive actions blocked by Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio was also dismissed for lack of standing.    Of course, I am disappointed by the court's ruling, and I know millions of American families across the country are also greatly disappointed. Still, I expect that both programs will be upheld as fully within the President's legal authority by appellate courts.    I say this because there is ample legal and historical precedent supporting the President's action. The Supreme Court has long recognized the Administration's authority to exercise prosecutorial discretion when enforcing our immigration laws and has specifically recognized that granting deferred action is a legitimate exercise of that authority. Congress directed the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish national enforcement priorities and policies, and empowered the Secretary to perform acts that he deems necessary for carrying out his authority under the Immigration and Nationality Act.    Every year, Congress gives the Administration only enough money to apprehend, detain, and remove a fraction of the people in this country who are removable, and additionally directs the department to prioritize the removal of people with criminal convictions based on the severity of the offense. Although the Texas court ruling seems to turn on the fact that DACA recipients may apply for work authorization and Social Security cards, it fails to acknowledge that the legal authority for granting work authorization and Social Security cards is entirely distinct from the authority to grant deferred action and, in fact, is statutory. All of those authorities long predated DACA, and Congress has never taken action to limit that discretion.    This is arguably the fourth hearing, Mr. Chairman, that we have held on the legal authority of the President's actions on immigration. The last two hearings----    Ms. Lofgren. I will then conclude by saying that the courts will ultimately decide whether the Administration's programs can take effect. It is our responsibility to reform the law, and it would be irresponsible of us to shut the Government down. We should allow the courts to do their jobs, and we should do our own.    I would yield back.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Before asking any questions, I would ask unanimous consent to enter into the record five statements from the following organizations, explaining the legal authority for the President's actions, from the Constitutional Accountability Center, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, American Immigration Council,** National Council of La Raza, and the National Council of Asian Pacific Americans.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    **Note: The submitted material from the American Immigration Council is not reprinted in this record but is on file with the Committee, and can also be accessed at: http://docs.house.gov/meetings/JU/JU00/20150225/103010/HHRG-114-JU00-20150225-SD003.pdf.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you.    Professor Legomsky, I just want to say publicly that I have been in Congress for 20 years. I have read a lot of testimony in many hearings over the years. Your testimony is the singular best, most concise, logical testimony I have ever read in my 20 years in Congress, and I thank you very much for your service in that way.    I would like to ask you just a few questions. Professor Foley, in her testimony, indicates that the undocumented immigrants who are covered by DACA and DAPA are ``no longer deportable,'' and that, according to the Office of Legal Counsel, ``Illegal immigrants who fall outside these three priorities are not to be deported at all.''    Do you agree with that? And if not, why not?    Ms. Lofgren. In the Reno case, Justice Scalia had a key holding that Congress had made immune from judicial review any action or decision to ``commence proceedings, adjudicate cases, or execute removal orders,'' and went on to say that, ``t each stage, the Executive has discretion to abandon the endeavor, and at the time IIRIRA was enacted the INS had been engaging in a regular practice (which has become known as deferred action) of exercising that discretion for humanitarian reasons or simply for its own convenience.''    Professor Foley, in her written testimony, I think tries to diminish the significance of that case, and to distinguish that, says that the court merely acknowledges that Congress did not want Federal courts to get tied up in adjudicating discrimination lawsuits.    Do you agree with that? And if not, why not?    Ms. Lofgren. There has been a lot of discussion about how DAPA and DACA grant additional benefits, but it is my understanding that it simply defers action. And pursuant to Section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act, which provides that employment may be authorized either by the Act or by the Attorney General, and 8 CFR 274a.12 provides that an alien who has been granted deferred action, an Act of administrative convenience to the Government, may apply for authorization, if there is an economic necessity, which must be proven.    Is it your position that it is only the statutory basis that is being exercised following a grant of deferred action? Or does the executive action give some kind of benefit directly?    Ms. Lofgren. Now, we appropriate money every year that allows for the removal of roughly 7 percent of those who are in the country in an undocumented status. I mean, the affidavits submitted to the judge in Texas by the head of ICE and the head of the Border Patrol indicate that having a piece of paper to note the priority would be helpful to them, because the cost for removal is not at the stop. It is the detention, the court processes. There are a lot of costs that go into that. And knowing that this person was not the priority at the beginning would be helpful to the agency before costs are incurred.    Do you think that without having these priorities, we are going to end up having to say that the nanny who is caught on the street is as high of a priority as a drug dealer or gang member?    Ms. Lofgren. My time is expired, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Ms. Lofgren. Will the gentleman yield?    Ms. Lofgren. While that is being done, can I ask unanimous consent to put in the record the declarations of Donald Neufeld; the ICE Director, Sarah Saldana; and the CBP Commissioner, Mr. Kerlikowske?***---------------------------------------------------------------------------    ***Note: These submissions are available in the Appendix.---------------------------------------------------------------------------