    Mr. Poe. I thank the gentlelady.    I have a lot of questions and I think you can answer many of them with just a yes or no. They are not gotcha questions. But unless I ask you to explain the answer, don't explain the answer, if you would.    The 10-year agreement or however many years it is going to be. Is the deal that the sanctions will be lifted--all of the penalties, I should say--after the agreement is over with whenever that is? With Iran, are the penalties coming to an end?    Mr. Poe. Okay. The purpose of this agreement is to prevent Iran from getting nuclear weapons. Would you agree that Israel is probably concerned, being a neighbor, about Iran getting nuclear weapons?    Mr. Poe. And the United States are both concerned about--the United States as well?    Mr. Poe. The ICBM issue--that is not even being discussed as a part of this agreement, is it?    Mr. Poe. And the Supreme Leader has said they want to get rid of Israel first and then take on us--calls us the Great Satan. And one way to get to us is the ICBMs, correct?    Mr. Poe. ICBMs aren't needed to eliminate Israel. They have got other missiles that can already go and reach Israel. Is that correct?    Mr. Poe. We are not talking about trying to prevent the ICBMs. All we are trying to do, if I understand the State Department's position, is to keep them from getting technology.    Mr. Poe. Is that correct? We are trying to get them----    Mr. Poe. Okay.    Mr. Poe. That is what I just asked you. It is a yes or no. We are trying to prevent them from getting technology. But isn't it true that Iran is pursuing the development of ICBMs in their country?    Mr. Poe. So it is true. So they are building the missiles. We are not trying to stop them, except we just don't want them to get the technology from the North Koreans or the Chinese or Russians.    Mr. Poe. Reclaiming my time. They are developing intercontinental ballistic missiles. Is that correct?    Mr. Poe. And we are not dealing with that issue, I don't think, at all.    Mr. Poe. Excuse me, sir. Excuse me.    Mr. Poe. We are trying to prevent them from getting nuclear weapons, which I think at the end of the day if this agreement is signed and delivered they will get them eventually and then they may have the capability to send them to us.    I think this is a long-term threat to the world and especially the United States and Israel and peace-loving countries. Iran gets nuclear capability. Assume this. Would you agree that Saudi Arabia will get it next? Turkey will get it? Egypt will get it? And who else knows in the Middle East to balance the power over the Middle East?    Mr. Poe. Just a couple of more questions.    The 2015 Worldwide Threat Assessment put out by the Director of National Intelligence, you said that this report focused on ISIS.    If it is a worldwide assessment--worldwide--wouldn't you think that it would mention Hezbollah? You think it might? Should?    Mr. Poe. But it is not mentioned as a worldwide threat in this report. That confuses me. If the Federal Government comes out with a report and it reports on everything, and it is a worldwide threat assessment of terrorism, we leave off of the state sponsor of terrorism--Iran--and we leave off their puppet, who is causing mischief all over the world--Hezbollah--that seems a little bit confusing to me.    So would you recommend that maybe the intelligence agency go back and have an addendum to this worldwide report and add these other two organizations?    Mr. Poe. So you think they ought to add to the report that Hezbollah and Iran are terrorism threats to the world?