    The Committee met, pursuant to call, at 11:00 a.m., in Room 2360, Rayburn House Office Building. Hon. Steve Chabot presiding.    Present: Representatives Chabot, Luetkemeyer, Hanna, Rice, Brat, Radewagen, Knight, Hardy, Velazquez, Payne, Meng, Lawrence, Adams, and Moulton.    Chairman CHABOT. Good morning. Thank you all for being here. Special thanks to our witnesses who have taken the time away from their undoubtedly busy schedules to be with us here this morning. We really do appreciate that.    Earlier this year, our Committee heard from a gentleman named Scott, who owns a small mattress factory in Franklin, Ohio. Scott wants to pay his taxes. He probably wishes he could pay less but more than anything he wishes the process could be simpler. He wants a flatter and fairer code that is more predictable.    Scott is emblematic, I think, of many small businesses all across this country. There are millions of Americans out there just like Scott who feel the weight of the tax code every day. I speak to them every time I am back in my area, back in Ohio, and I hear the same concerns again and again. More Americans are frustrated with the process of paying their taxes, more so than even actually writing the check to the government. I am sure there are exceptions, but it is far too complicated. It is unacceptable and we must do better.    Making the tax code simpler is particularly important for America's small business owners, as they are disproportionately affected by the tax code's complexity. This is a finding that unfortunately has not changed with time. Studies conducted for the Office of Advocacy at the SBA over the past 10 years found that small firms pay 67 percent more to comply with the tax code than large firms do. A recent update to those advocacy studies found that firms with less than 50 employees pay on average over $1,500 per employee in tax compliance costs, whereas, firms with more than 100 pay $647.    It is because of statistics like that in 2013 this Committee asked the Government Accountability Office to examine the dynamics of small firms and their tax compliance burden. The GAO will be testifying today to outline their findings, and I would like to point out that right at the end of the report, the GAO outlines 25 separate recommendations that they have made to the IRS over the past few years that could, and probably would in my estimation, help reduce tax payer compliance burdens. The IRS has implemented none of them, and that is a problem.    To be fair, I am not only blaming the IRS for this problem. Congress has been guilty as well. The tax code has grown to nearly 74,000 pages. The IRS did not do that; Congress did. This Committee is and will continue listening to the American people and urging Washington to make the tax code simpler and less stressful.    As I stated earlier, we have the GAO here today to discuss their illuminating report in greater detail, and we will also hear from tax experts who will suggest ways to reduce the strain on small firms through comprehensive tax reform that reduces the complexity faced by small business.    I am looking forward to the testimony of everyone here today, and I again want to thank each one of you. And I would also mention, originally there may have been a case where we were going to have two panels, but I have found over the years when we do that, oftentimes members have a certain amount of time that they can be here and they have other Committees and obligations and will listen to one panel and then not the other, and this is really a much better way to hear from all of you. And so that is why we changed that around, so if it was any inconvenience to anybody, we apologize.    And I would now like to yield to the ranking member, Ms. Velazquez, for her opening statement.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    And if Committee members have opening statements prepared, we would ask that they submit them for the record.    And I will take just a moment to--before I introduce the panel, to kind of explain our rules. You get five minutes to testify. There is a lighting system. A green light will be on for four minutes. The yellow light will let you know you have got a minute to wrap up, and then the red light will come on and we ask you to stay within that as much as possible, and impose those same rules on ourselves, so we get five minutes to ask questions.    And I will now introduce our panel. We will begin with our first witness, Chris Mihm, the managing director for Strategic Issues at the United States Government Accountability Office. He leads GAO's work on government oversight and transformation issues such as performance management and collaboration, federal budgeting, regulatory policy, and federal tax policy and administration. He is a fellow and former board chair of the National Academy of Public Administration and an adjunct lecturer in Public Administration at the University of Maryland Graduate School of Policy, and we welcome you here this morning.    Our next witness will be Don Williamson, professor in the Department of Accounting and Taxation at American University. He also serves as the executive director of the University's Kogod Tax Center, a research institute focusing on the interests of small business. He has also served as an adjunct professor at American University's Washington College of Law. Professor Washington published over 50 articles in professional and academic journals and was recognized as the Bureau of National Affairs' Outstanding Author for 2007. Welcome this morning.    Our next witness will be Troy Lewis, who is vice president and chief enterprise risk management officer at Heritage Bank in St. George, Utah. He is also the manager of Lewis and Associates, a small accounting firm in Draper, Utah. Additionally, he serves as adjunct faculty in the taxation department at Brigham Young University. He is also chair of the Tax Committee at the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, whom he is testifying on behalf of today. We welcome you as well.    Our next witness will be Les Vitale, managing director and partner at McGladrey and Pullen in Boston, Massachusetts. Mr. Vitale brings over 30 years of professional experience to his clients and his broad base of knowledge includes specialties in the traditional accounting, auditing, tax, and assurance services. He has authored technical articles and developed policy and procedural manuals for the firm in the areas of quality control, staff training and evaluation, recruiting, and technology.    We thank you all for being here, and I would now like to yield to Ms. Velazquez to introduce our final witness.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    We will begin with Mr. Mihm. You are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. We appreciate that.    Mr. Williamson, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Lewis, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Vitale, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Mr. Mankowski, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. I think it was excellent testimony by all the witnesses here this morning, so we thank you for that. And we will go ahead and open up the questions, and I will yield myself five minutes to begin.    I will start with you, Mr. Mihm, if I can. In your report, you identified around 25 past GAO recommendations that if implemented could help reduce compliance burden on small businesses. How seriously do you feel that the IRS has taken the GAO's recommendations thus far?    Chairman CHABOT. Have they implemented any of them?    Chairman CHABOT. The courtesy disconnect as it was referred to, if you have been waiting on there for two hours, their courtesy is to basically hang up on you?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Chairman CHABOT. Mr. Williamson, I will turn to you next.    Now, you are a professor and you also have a tax preparation service yourself. What is the biggest one or two complaints that you hear from the small businesses that you do their taxes for?    Chairman CHABOT. And you indicated that you feel strongly that going to a simplified cash method of accounting----    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Mr. Lewis, you said something which I agree with very much, and if you want to expand upon it briefly, you said that the time spent by your average small business person in compliance with the tax code is time that they are not spending on what their basic business is and having a successful business so they can perhaps expand and create more jobs for more people. Is that accurate, and did you want to comment on that?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    I will be real brief in my last question, Mr. Vitale.    Do you think it has reached the point where it is almost impossible for a small company nowadays to do their own taxes?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Mr. Mankowski, I apologize. I ran out of time, but I am sure you will get more questions.    So I now yield to the ranking member for questions.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    The gentlelady's time has expired.    The gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, who is Vice Chairman of this Committee, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The chair will strike that last remark from the record. Just kidding.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired, but if you wanted to comment.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    The gentlelady from North Carolina, Ms. Adams, who is the ranking member in the Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations Subcommittee, is recognized for five minutes.    Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Hanna, who is chair of the Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Okay. Thank you very much. The gentleman yields back.    The gentlelady from American Samoa, Ms. Radewagen, who is the Subcommittee chairman on Health and Technology is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentlelady yields back.    I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Rice, who is chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time has expired.    The gentleman from Nevada, Mr. Hardy, who is chair of the Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time has expired.    We are going to move into a second round, and we are going to start off with Ranking Member, Ms. Velazquez, for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    In my five minutes, I would like to do something a little bit different. We have had some great answers to some, I think, very good questions as well. But rather than ask specific questions, I would just like to, you know, we are making a record here. If there is just one point that you would like to leave with the Committee, something you would like us to implement, or act upon, or consider, you know, I would be happy to hear. And since I did not get to you, Mr. Mankowski, maybe I will begin with you and we will just go down the line. But you have got about a minute each. You do not have to take it all up but I would ask you not to probably go any further than that.    You are recognized.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    And maybe I will just--one quick thing in response. If perhaps they should not use at least some of the resources for targeting groups who have a certain political persuasion and wasting resources on that, and then having to have their people come and testify and defend themselves and records are lost and all the rest, too. But I hear what you are saying and tend to agree with it.    Mr. Vitale?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    I have only got two minutes left. Mr. Lewis?    Chairman CHABOT. You have got 45 seconds.    Chairman CHABOT. And the third one real quickly?    Chairman CHABOT. Very good. Thank you.    Mr. Williamson?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    And you have got my last 50 seconds.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. My time is expired.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Hanna is recognized.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Rice, is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman yields back.    And we want to thank our distinguished panel for being here this morning and now this afternoon. We appreciate it. I think the GAO report has certainly confirmed that small firms are having a tough time dealing with the tax code and we need to simplify it and reform it. I would like to say we are close to that. However, I like to be truthful, and I do not think we are close to that, although we are working on it. But you all have given us, I think, some very good ideas. And particularly as it would affect small business folks, so thank you for that.    And I would ask unanimous consent that members have five legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record. And if there is no further business to come before the Committee, we are adjourned. Thank you.