    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think it was really two topics for this morning's hearing. One is the basic details of the AUMF with regards to Syria and Iraq and ISIL, and it is a very, very difficult thing to do because Congress wants to strike the balance.    We do not want to give the President a blank check and take away any of our authority. On the other hand, we don't want to restrict the executive branch in a way that hampers his ability to carry out the mission. That, from a language standpoint, can be virtually impossible.    And I think the chairman mentioned some of the areas of tension there--the timeline. I think the timeline is fine, because, as the chairman mentioned, Congress can come back and reauthorize. It sort of makes sure that we stay as part of the process, that we don't let our constitutional authority slip.    The tougher questions are, you know, how do we define military engagement without simply giving the President the right to do whatever whenever. And I will get more into this in the strategy session, but I, for one, think that it would be a mistake strategically to excessively rely on U.S. military force to try and solve this problem.    So I am looking for ways to limit that, to make sure that we don't have an executive that thinks that the military is the solution to this problem, because we should all keep in mind, whatever President Obama's personal position on this is, this AUMF would carry over to another President, which we can't be sure of. So I think those limitations are important, but difficult to articulate, which brings me to the real issue here today, which I think is the broader strategy.    What is the broader strategy? I think it can be fairly simply defined in the sense that we need to get to the point where the Muslim world rejects this type of violent extremism.    And I think one of the things that makes the strategy so difficult is it is a moving target. Back in, you know, 9/11 it was all about Al Qaeda and Al Qaeda senior leadership in Afghanistan, but the ideology is so much broader than that, as everybody here knows. It crops up in all manner of different places, from al-Shabaab to Boko Haram to Ansar al-Sharia.    It is an ideology that is becoming far too deeply rooted in that part of the world. How do we stop it?    Well, the short answer is we don't stop it, because the most dependable part of the message that Al Qaeda has is to basically say that they are defending the Muslim world against Western aggression. The last thing in the world we want is either, you know, a whole bunch of U.S. troops to show up to try to fix the problem, or just as bad, you know, a whole bunch of U.S. policymakers going over there and telling Muslim countries and Muslim governments how they should conduct themselves. They are not going to be responsive to that.    This is a problem that has to be solved internally by these countries. And the real strategic challenge for us here is, how can we help without making the problem worse?    It is a very delicate balance, and I would be very interested in hearing from the three of you on how we can engage in that, because this is an ideological struggle. This isn't about defeating AQAP or defeating Al Qaeda senior leadership, or even primarily about defeating ISIL. It is about stopping this just horrific ideology that has spread to too many parts of the Muslim world.    How do we stop it? How do we get that to be turned around? Because the truth is the overwhelming majority of the Muslim world rejects this ideology and rejects this strategy.    And yet, it marches on. How do we work with that to change that?    And then the final key piece of this is--that makes it very difficult to develop a strategy, is we keep tripping over another aspect of conflict in that world, and that is the Shia-Sunni divide.    You know, we may well be in there fighting ISIL, but if ISIL is fighting Shia, as they were in Iraq, and the main reason they were so successful in Iraq is because the Sunni Iraqis looked at Baghdad and said, ``That is not my government. That is a government that is sectarian, that is protecting Shia, that is doing nothing for us.'' So they basically sided with ISIL not so much because they loved ISIL's ideology, but because they found it preferable to Shia rule.    If somehow, some way, Saudi Arabia and Iran could find a way to peacefully coexist tomorrow, a huge chunk of this problem would go away. Now, that is obviously easier said than done, but it is part of the equation is figuring out this--the Shia-Sunni split.    So I think part of the reason people are confounded sometimes on the strategy level is because this is a moving target with lots of complicated pieces. It defies a two-sentence strategy.    And in fact, I don't think we would be well served by coming up with that two-sentence strategy. It is a dynamic problem. We have to be flexible in terms of how we respond to it.    But one piece of it is, with the U.S. engaged militarily against ISIL, as I think it should be, Congress should play its role. We should authorize that use of military force within whatever parameters we as a body decide.    With that, I yield back, and I look forward to the testimony and the questions.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    I ask unanimous consent that a letter that Mr. Smith and I received from retired General James Mattis, former CENTCOM commander, on the AUMF be made part of the record.    The Chairman. Without objection, so ordered.    And without objection, each of your written statements will be made part of our record, as well.    Let me welcome our witnesses. We are very fortunate today to have retired General Jack Keane, former Vice Chief of staff for the U.S. Army; Robert M. Chesney, Associate Dean for academic affairs and Charles I. Francis professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law, an outstanding institution, I would add; Benjamin Wittes, senior fellow of government studies at Brookings Institution.    And, as many of you all know, Mr. Chesney and Mr. Wittes are both associated also with the Lawfare Blog, which is widely read on these constitutional national security issues.    So thank you all for being here.    General Keane, the floor is yours.    General Keane. Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Minority Smith, members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to testify today on the President's request for authorization of the use of military force. I am honored to be here again and to share the panel with my distinguished colleagues.    I have been testifying here for 15 years before this committee, and I just want to tell you once again how much I appreciate the support that you provide to our Armed Forces through all these years and what you are doing currently. I have always appreciated your serious and thoughtful approach to the Nation's business regardless of who has been the majority in this committee.    Please reference the map that I provided at the end of my testimony when I discuss the enemy and its geography. It was prepared by the Institute for the Study of War where I am the chairman. This was a part of a recent intelligence summary and is useful to understand how ISIS looks at the world.    My remarks will be brief, highlighting the essential observations only, permitting the focus to be your questions.    In principle I agree with a President who desires to use military force beyond a short-term contingency, requests an AUMF from the Congress. The current AUMFs, 2001 and 2002, which are obviously still in use, are, in their design, good documents in that it is clear why military force is being authorized and provides latitude for the President to determine how to use that force.    Indeed, an argument can be made that the President's current AUMF request is unnecessary in that the previous AUMF provides sufficient authorization for the use of force against ISIS. Nonetheless, I do believe it is better public policy for a new AUMF based on the reality that ISIS is a different threat in terms of its scale, mode of operation, location, and near-term intent.    As to the President's current AUMF request, I would like to make a few observations.    The strategy: Strategy is how the military force is used. This is the President's lane, along with his senior military commanders.    As much as I and some Members of Congress are critical of the administration for not having a comprehensive strategy to defeat radical Islam nor an adequate strategy to defeat ISIS, the AUMF is not the appropriate document for that expression. A President needs maximum flexibility to adapt to the enemy and the battlefield environment, which at times may demand a change in strategy.    The enemy: The enemy is ISIS, and the proposed AUMF describes it as ``ISIS and associates.''    ISIS has claimed contractual agreements and a written plan approved by ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi to form satellites in Libya, Egyptian Sinai, Afghanistan, and also Algeria, Saudi Arabia, and Yemen. Some of these affiliations are likely aspirational, to be sure, but ISIS is exporting military capability to make affiliates in Sinai and Libya stronger. All that said, defeating ISIS does not mean that U.S. forces are needed to defeat ISIS satellites.    The geography: Core ISIS is principally located in Iraq and Syria, but it covets territory in a broader region, including Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Israel, and lands that are part of historic caliphates, like the Caucasus. As such, there should be no geographical limitation in the AUMF.    The time constraint: It makes no sense to me to tell our allies and the enemy that we are uncertain of this commitment of force by our unwillingness to extend it beyond 3 years. Congress has the authority to provide continuous assessments through its oversight committees, which is far more appropriate than a 3-year sunset.    The ground force constraint: ISIS cannot be defeated in Iraq and Syria without a decisive ground force victory. There is no ground force in Syria, and no one knows if the Iraq ground force can defeat ISIS.    Why put limits on the use of a ground force when it is widely recognized as the only means to defeat ISIS? Indeed, it may be necessary for a coalition ground force, with the United States likely in the lead, to ultimately defeat ISIS. The ground force constraint should be removed from the AUMF if the true goal is to defeat ISIS.    In conclusion, the proposed AUMF is not an acceptable document. The time and ground force constraint must be removed. This President as well as our next President deserves latitude in the use of military force.    Additionally, how to use the military force, or strategy, is not an appropriate topic for this document, as I previously stated. But it is essential for the Congress to provide oversight and, in so doing, understand the feasibility of the strategy actually working.    I believe it is a matter of conscience to only support an AUMF if there is confidence that the strategy our troops execute will indeed succeed in defeating ISIS.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Professor Chesney.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to focus on the broader strategy question, because I think that is really, I mean, that bleeds into the controversy over the AUMF is the disagreement over strategy, you know, how limited should it be, how open should it be? This is a moving enemy, as has been noted by many.    The 2001 AUMF morphed in a variety of different directions, primarily because the enemy morphed. And the enemy here is the broader ideology.    And I am wondering if any of you could shed some light on the sort of damned-if-we-do, damned-if-we-don't situation of--this is a military issue. You know, I have heard people say, you know, ``There is going to be no military solution to this problem.''    And I know what they mean. I also know that they are wrong.    What they mean is that the broader, you are not going to win the ideology, you are not going to kill your way to victory. I mean, many generals have said it, General McChrystal most notably.    But there is a clear military element to it. We have got to stop the various groups from gaining ground, from launching terrorist attacks, and killing people. And the military is going to be part of it. But at the same time, the more we engage, the more that helps recruitment.    What can we do to begin to help turn around this ideological problem? Now, I know that the answer to that is to have strong, moderate Muslim voices that reject this ideology and offer a reasonable alternative, but I am not exactly holding my breath waiting for that to happen because they have struggled.    So what can we do in the U.S. to help the broader ideological struggle? Because otherwise we are just going to be--you know, it started in Afghanistan and Pakistan and Yemen, it is Libya, it is Somalia, it is Nigeria, it is, you know, Mali. I mean, it is going to be everywhere and it is going to pop up.    You know, people have been criticized, the whole whack-a-mole strategy. Sometimes there are moles that need to be whacked, and I have got no problem with that, particularly if they are getting ready to whack you first.    But that doesn't get to that broader ideological struggle of how we get the Muslim world to comprehensively reject this ideology, or more to the point, what we can do to help with that. Even the own--my own phrasing of that question was wrong--how we can force them to change their mind.    They are not going to like that, because historically the Muslim world is not fond of the West. They have got some decent reasons for that and some not-so-decent reasons for that. But the bottom line is, they are not going to listen to us coming in and telling them what to do.    But what role can we play in winning that broader ideological struggle? Otherwise, you know, 20 years from now, you know, a new Armed Services Committee is going to be talking about some other country, I won't name one because I don't want to, you know, predict the future in that way, but it is going to just keep evolving and moving and moving and moving as long as this ideology is not defeated and it is broadly acceptable.    So what can we do to nudge it towards, well, if not disappearing, at least reducing?    General Keane. Well, I will take a run at it.    You know, I have felt since 9/11 we have never had a comprehensive strategy to defeat radical Islam. I always felt the Bush administration made a strategic error in wanting us all to go back and watch the New York Yankees. I am a hometown New Yorker, I apologize, not for the New York Yankees.    But the fact is we have never, ever dealt with the broader issue. And the reality is, yes, you are absolutely right, we have ISIS in front of us just like we had core Al Qaeda in Pakistan initially and Afghanistan, and there will be somebody else after that if we don't come to grips with the larger issue itself, and that, I mean, I think is a comprehensive strategy to deal with radical Islam and----    Mr. Smith. Got that. What I am asking for is that comprehensive strategy----    General Keane. Yes, and I am talking about it. So if you look at a map and you see that radical Islam has morphed into a global jihad, it goes from Western Africa to Northeastern Africa all through the Middle East into the--into Afghanistan, Pakistan, Southern Asia, and Southeast Asia in varying different degrees of depth and violence.    But the one thing that they all have in common is a commitment to an ideology, the central point that you are making. Most of these movements are about overthrowing the host country government because of the grievances that they have, but they use jihad to achieve those ends.    So when I look at it--and this is Fordham University Jesuit training, which you are familiar with, sir, and just take a logical approach here. If you have got a global problem on your hands, what I think this is, we should have a global response to that problem.    This isn't about just the United States. There is no way that we can deal with this problem without enlisting a global response to it.    I think what we can do here is, what we have historically done, is provide leadership. Not telling people how, but setting the framework and the stage to move forward in global--in a global alliance to deal with this.    And that is understanding the ideology. That is working against it.    You know, I believe strongly that we are making a serious strategic mistake in not dealing with radical Islam and letting the moderate; when you understand what is the struggle, the struggle is inside Islam, dealing with these--with the radicals who take a very literal interpretation of the Quran and the Prophet's writings, some of it going back to medieval times, as we know, and they are battling against the moderates and the traditionalists, which is the overwhelming majority.    When we refuse to deal with this, the name of it, which I have less problem with, but more problem with explaining it, and really laying out what this is, we permit the moderates and traditionalists not to have to explain it themselves. They are the theologians here.    We are actually dealing with people whose ideology is steeped in theology. We need those clerics who are opposed to that radical theology to explain why this is wrong, and it doesn't get done.    And that is a serious mistake, and we are tolerating that mistake. We should not let them off the hook in dealing this. I think that is what al-Sisi was trying to do as a national leader is to reach into them and to get their attention and say, ``This is our problem, but it is more your problem.''    Mr. Smith. I am sorry. That is a great answer. We have got a lot of other people to get into--to have the opportunity to ask questions.    I am sorry, gentlemen. If you have an answer to that, if you could submit it for the record that would be great. I want to let some other folks ask some questions.    Thank you, General Keane.    The Chairman. And I just have to reflect that at least as far back as 2007 and 2008, when Mr. Smith chaired the what we now have Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee and I was a ranking member, he was on this issue, how do we battle this ideology, which I share the frustration of both of you. We really haven't been able to do that yet.    Mr. Jones.