    Mr. Pizarchik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We have provided documents and made them available beginning last summer when we published the proposed rule. In October, we have also extended an invitation for the States to reengage on the preparation of the EIS, and we have had at least 15 meetings with various States on comments that they have provided during the comment period to get more clarification on that. Assistant Secretary Schneider has visited Alaska and is planning on visiting North Dakota as well.    The letter that I sent out yesterday is another step in our process to reengage the States. The States were involved in the beginning of the process. They provided many substantive comments. Their comments were very helpful in fashioning the final EIS, and we again extended the offer to meet with them.    We did it in October. We did it again yesterday. We will continue to attempt to engage with the States and to work with them to get their input.    Mr. Pizarchik. We have already extended that invitation back in October, and again, the one I sent out yesterday is to the 16 States that have requested. But we are willing to meet with any of those States because of that special relationship that we have between my Agency and the States as the primary regulators.    We will meet with them. If they want to meet before then, fine. But we are attempting to get their input and to reengage them in it. Right now, I have made the offer, and yesterday I spoke with Greg Conrad, the Executive Director of the Interstate Mining Compact Commission, and he indicated to me that he would be talking with his members to see what their response would be.    We have made the offer. We made the offer in October. We made the offer again, and they will have to accept for us to have a meaningful exchange. You know, I can only keep offering, but I can't have a meaningful exchange if they choose not to meet with me.    Mr. Pizarchik. Thank you, Congressman Jenkins.    Yes, we have been tracking that. There has been interest in it. And we have spent approximately $6.5 million for contract support on preparing the rule with the draft environmental impact statement and the regulatory impact analysis, and then we also have spent $4.1 million for our staff time working on documents, attending public hearings, responding to comments, meeting with the States, et cetera.    Mr. Pizarchik. Actually, I think it is about $10.6 million.    Mr. Pizarchik. Congressman Jenkins, we had a number of requests that came in from the States. And I believe, if I remember correctly, a number of them asked for us to provide a list first, and then they would decide which ones they wanted copies of.    We have gone beyond that by uploading things to the regulations.gov site so they have access to it. We had heard some concerns that perhaps some of the Web sites or links that were referenced in the published documents were not working. We have taken steps to make sure they have access available to all of those.    I am not sure that the States would have appreciated having huge volumes of written materials submitted to them. We are giving them the opportunity, pursuant to a request, to look at what it is they want, and we are working with them to try to give them access in a reasonable manner so that they have the opportunity to look at these.    Mr. Pizarchik. We have it already provided and up on the Web site or on the plate where every document that is not subject to copyright is available for them.    Mr. Pizarchik. I believe if you are talking about the report itself that was prepared by the contractor, I think that would be owned by the Government.    Mr. Pizarchik. I am not a copyright expert on that. I will defer to your judgment on that. But my understanding is that is not what we are talking about. Some of the report that we prepared references a variety of studies and reports. Some of those documents were subject to copyright.    Mr. Pizarchik. Mr. Chairman, all I can say is in discussing this with our lawyers, my understanding is if we were to take copyrighted material and make copies of it and distribute it to folks, that we would be violating copyright laws.    Mr. Pizarchik. And I don't think anybody wants us to do that. I know I certainly don't want to be doing that.    Mr. Pizarchik. Thank you for that question. We received your State's request I believe yesterday and responded to it. And at this point, we have the invitation out to the States to meet. We are waiting for them to respond.    I am still waiting for the States like your State and other States to respond to the invitation I sent in October to reengage. None of them have responded to that. And at this point, you know, we are making our effort to do that, and I apologize for making an assumption on what maybe the States were thinking.    We have made all the documents or are making all the documents available that are not subject to copyright so they have access to those and they have the opportunity to look at those documents themselves and to evaluate which ones they want to review.    Mr. Pizarchik. Mr. Congressman, in regards to meeting with folks from your State, we had the invitation back in October. We met with them. My Deputy Director and Assistant Secretary met with them. I believe it was in February.    Mr. Pizarchik. Congressman, many of those documents have been available to the States since July.    Mr. Pizarchik. Not all, and they will be.    Mr. Pizarchik. And we are doing that. We have--they are being uploaded. They might even already be done today. I haven't checked this morning with the staff on that, but those ones that are being uploaded----    Mr. Pizarchik. Congressman Jenkins, as I understand your request, basically, you are asking us to reopen the comment period, and unfortunately, no, we are not going to reopen the comment period. The comment period was open back last summer. We extended it. We had the documents available for the States.    Beginning earlier this year, we got some of the requests in. So we are making all those documents available, and the links may not have worked on that. We will meet with the States. We will obtain their input. But we are not going to reopen the comment period, and we are going to get this rule done.    Mr. Pizarchik. Our hope is to have it done this summer.    Mr. Pizarchik. I do not. I have learned many times in this process that it is not possible for me to predict when a rule will be proposed or finalized on that. There are too many steps in the process outside of my control.    Mr. Pizarchik. Mr. Congressman, I would have to disagree with your assessment. The Stream Protection Rule is only proposed. It has not caused any bankruptcies. It has not caused any job losses. It is not in effect yet. We are still working on consideration of the comments that we have received on the proposed rule, and we will be making changes as appropriate in response to the comments that have come in on that.    Mr. Pizarchik. I believe that if they have gone out of business, there are other forces that are at play. There are market forces, cheap shale gas. Cheap, plentiful shale gas is taking market share away from coal. You have the economic downturn around the world. You have the Chinese economy slowing down. Their imports are dropping on that. They have been overproducing coal.    This rule has not had any impacts on the industry. This rule isn't even final yet. So from the standpoint of any impacts or job losses on that, that is not here.    And then with the analysis that we have completed that was peer reviewed by outside experts, our calculations are that what was proposed, at most, would be about a wash. It would be about 270-some jobs that would be lost over a 21-year period, with about 250 or 260 new jobs created over that same 21-year period.    This rule does not have and will not have significant adverse impacts on employment.    Mr. Pizarchik. No.    Mr. Pizarchik. What I have said is that based on the assessments that have been performed.    Mr. Pizarchik. We hired outside experts to perform that analysis because we believe that it would be more credible with the public and everybody else if those assessments were performed by outside experts.    Mr. Pizarchik. Those assessments are in the draft regulatory impact analysis, et cetera. And from the standpoint that was proposed and the whole purpose of the rulemaking and the proposed process is to get comments on that, that will be factored into it. We will see what changes are appropriate to be made based on public input.    Mr. Pizarchik. I do not disavow them.    Mr. Pizarchik. The way the States can adjust to that is they have an option under the rules. They can either gather the baseline data to determine what types of resources are in the streams out there prior to mining, do the monitoring, et cetera, and then ensure that the streams are restored after the mining.    A mining company has the option to choose whether they want to mine through the stream or the States can give literal interpretation to their existing rules and not allow the streams to be eliminated through mining or being buried. And if they do that, that is a less effort on their part. They won't have to gather as much baseline data. They won't have to get into some of the other new standards that are designed to protect streams.    And let us face it, the law has always had a provision in it that prohibits permits from being issued where it is not possible to restore the land to its original conditions and productivity. And land without water or land with polluted water does not meet those requirements.    What we are proposing is to gather the appropriate information so that we know what is in these streams before mining, the water quality, the critters that are living in it, and so we can measure whether the mining reclamation is successful or not. And in some areas I am sure that mining will be able to be restored, and other areas I am sure that they cannot get a permit and should never have gotten a permit to do that mining because it does not comply with the Federal legal requirements.    Mr. Pizarchik. The stream biology is a good indicator of what is happening in the stream. If the critters can live in the stream prior to mining and during mining and after the mining, then we have been successful in the mining reclamation. If the critters living in the stream were there before mining, but during mining they get wiped out, and after mining, they are wiped out, then obviously there was a failure to comply with the regulatory and the statutory legal requirements governing coal mining reclamation.    Mr. Pizarchik. One of the primary purposes of the rule and the standards is to establish what kind of water is out there to begin with. And our law has always prohibited causing material damage to the hydrologic balance outside the permit area. That is a mouthful. But we have never defined that.    We are proposing to define that based on the existing conditions that are out there and to gather the baseline data to prevent those water resources from being polluted, and protect people's health. We know that in some areas selenium can be mobilized by mining. It bioacculumates. It causes reproductive problems in the aquatic community, and it can cause health problems at too high levels in people. And if people are drinking that water or eating those fish that have high levels of selenium, it can have adverse impacts.    There are also any number of studies that purport to show that there are adverse health effects near where there is extensive coal mining going on. We need to get answers to these questions in order to make sure that the people there are not being accidentally poisoned or to assure people that there is no danger. Whichever the case is, we have to get to the bottom of that.    But protecting the water, taking the measures and requiring identification of what is there and to prevent the mining from causing pollution that causes those kind of water problems is the first step. And we feel that if you protect the most sensitive critters that are living in those streams, that you are going to be protecting the water so that the people who live in those communities are protected as well.    Mr. Pizarchik. Congressman Jenkins, that is a very good point to make. The Surface Mining Act drew the line at August 3, 1977, when it became effective.    Mr. Pizarchik. Yes.    Mr. Pizarchik. I am going to follow the law, and the way the Surface Mining Act is written, there are two distinct categories. There is Title 5, which deals with active mining. That is all mining that has occurred since August 3, 1977, and AML money, this $90 million, cannot be used on those types of sites.    The law only allows us to use it for sites that were mined and abandoned prior to August 3, 1977. So that is where the nexus is, and that is the standard. You know, we have to carry out the law, and that is how it is provided.    Mr. Pizarchik. We are working on that. And as one of the follow-ups, we are drafting guidance to help with that, and we are putting together some meetings with the State AML folks, with EDA and ARC and the State economic development folks, to get everybody together to help identify those projects so they can move forward more quickly.    The process that we use for funding the grants is the expedited grant process, and we continue to do that. We will do it in a manner that will allow those projects to go as quickly forward as possible in light of the various other legal requirements that come into play. But, yes.    Mr. Pizarchik. Mr. Chairman, we will go back and I will ask the lawyer to take a look at it. But my understanding from the previous analysis that was performed where the addition was made is that it is pre-1977.    Mr. Pizarchik. Thank you for sharing that. If I may, on your comment about the science, about needing to have a good basis. Secretary Huffman from West Virginia several months ago had asked for help on assessing some of the science that is out there, as whether or not health problems are being caused by coal mining in West Virginia.    And we have reached out to the National Academy of Sciences, and we are working with them to try to bring them onboard to bring in the appropriate experts to look at the science that has been done and evaluate that for the purposes of making a determination is that good science or not?