    Dr. Dorsey. Yes.    Dr. Dorsey. Absolutely.    Dr. Dorsey. Why not?    Dr. Dorsey. Well, I think implied in the social cost is social benefit to some degree. I mean, we do not include it because that is the way it is framed, but the reality is that we have to look out into the future about these damages.    Dr. Dorsey. I think that is absolutely the case, Congresswoman Capps. The reality is, like I said, some in the fossil fuel sector have an incentive to basically augment the discount rate as Dr. Dayaratna was proposing and essentially reduce the actual cost.    Dr. Dorsey. The real huge cost, and many of which we are not actually accounting for, there is a great number of omitted costs that are not actually taken into account in this valuation. It is, indeed, as you say, a tool.    Dr. Dorsey. Absolutely. I would challenge this idea that there are adverse effects on the economy. The reality is that when we get carbon pollution out of the atmosphere not only does it help to abate unfolding climate crisis and climate change. It also addresses things like you just pointed out in terms of pollution, asthma, and so forth, and a great number of health concerns.    I think really to put it in a nutshell, there are no jobs on a dead planet, and so we have really got to think about what are going to be the steps to move us to quickly reducing carbon pollution in the atmosphere that benefit not just the economy, but society, the polity, as well as the environment.    Dr. Dorsey. Absolutely. A great number of companies in your district as well as in many other Members' in this committee districts are proposing actually quite more stringent steps in reducing emissions, their own company emissions, and because the reality is that doing so is good for their bottom line.    Dr. Dorsey. A very high discount rate would indeed do that. I mean, there is an argument that it should be negative and thus driving up the social cost of carbon, and such a high rate would actually accelerate the efforts to take carbon pollution out of the atmosphere.    Dr. Dorsey. Thank you.    Dr. Dorsey. Absolutely not, no.    Dr. Dorsey. Well, as I said at the outset in my testimony, the typical method was to use benefit-cost, and cost-benefit analysis to do so, to attempt to do so.    Dr. Dorsey. No, absolutely not. They would still be there. If we opted not to value the cost of carbon----    Dr. Dorsey. Absolutely not, no.    Dr. Dorsey. Well, absolutely. I mean, you take, for example, in Alaska where a great number of communities are already in the process of relocating. The low end of some of those community relocation estimates put them in the two hundreds of millions of dollars, sort of the middle range, half a billion dollars to relocate communities that are suffering the effects of essentially rising sea level on the North Slope of Alaska.    We pay a great number of costs in terms of the health effects from carbon pollution. We do, indeed, pay these costs whether or not we decide to make the calculation or not.    Dr. Dorsey. Right. It is a framework for acknowledging those costs.    Dr. Dorsey. That is right.    Dr. Dorsey. Well, I guess I would add since the conversation has moved this way a little bit, that I just re-emphasize the point that this is not a new sort of approach. It is one that is rooted in the peer review literature, and more importantly, it is not a static measure. It is one that we can re-evaluate and come back to and adjust going forward as we learn more about the severity of the unfolding climate crisis.    And my colleague and I believe that the discount rate that is being used is somewhat high and it needs to be lower to reflect a much larger social cost of carbon.    Dr. Dorsey. Well, absolutely, but the tendency is not that it is going to go in the opposite direction. It is likely to get worse really with that issue, and we can adjust as it gets worse as well.    Dr. Dorsey. Not being a medical doctor, I think that, indeed, I would concur that the challenge is difficult. They certainly need more and more resources. We know in a great number of places, particularly take the tri-state area--Connecticut, New York and New Jersey--in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. Tremendous additional resources could have been used in that area.    We know the same thing in the Gulf after Hurricane Katrina. We are looking at the 10th anniversary of that. So I would say that we need to provide more resources to first responders certainly.    Dr. Dorsey. Yes.    Dr. Dorsey. Yes.    Dr. Dorsey. Not exactly.    Dr. Dorsey. Well, I mean it does not necessarily follow. Technology is not a static thing, and you certainly must be aware of this based on the questioning here.    So it just so happens that we have found some technologies that have been around actually a while that do not need us to rely on fossil fuels and do not need us to rely on increasing emissions, and so there is an opportunity we have to deploy those technologies. Those are technologies in the renewable space in terms of wind energy, in terms of solar energy, and they----    Dr. Dorsey. Well, on the wind side we certainly were using them, indeed, and actually the evolution of wind, it comes before the Industrial Revolution and has picked up in a certain way where now we have the ability to do not just terrestrial wind but a tremendous amount of power generation from offshore wind.    Dr. Dorsey. Indeed, and so we can cut our reliance on fossil fuel.