    Mr. King. Good morning. The Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence will come to order.    The subcommittee is meeting today to get testimony from three very distinguished experts regarding terror financing.    I would like to welcome the Ranking Member, Mr. Higgins, and express my appreciation for the witnesses who are here today. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    In 2005, the 9/11 Commission gave the U.S. Government an A- in combating terrorist financing. As the United States built additional safeguards into the financial system to identify and disrupt the flow of funds to terrorists, we have scored some significant victories. Despite our successes, however, we cannot become complacent. Terrorist organizations have evolved, adopting new strategies and tactics, leveraging social media and encryption technology to recruit the next generation of jihadis and to plot attacks.    Recent terror attacks and plotting have demonstrated terrorist organizations can have global impact at very little costs. While the cost of financing the 9/11 attack was estimated between $400,000 and a half-a-million dollars, AQAP's 2010 cargo bomb plot reportedly cost only $4,200. The January Paris attacks cost only $10,000, and the 2015 Charlie Hebdo attackers allegedly sold counterfeit sneakers and clothing to fund their activity.    As we have hardened our defenses, our enemies have adapted as well, seeking to wear down our resolve with smaller-scale, more frequent plots conducted by U.S. and European citizens who have fought on the battlefields of the Middle East and Asia or have become radicalized to take action at home.    While ISIS' ability to hold territory in Iraq and Syria has provided it with access to resources that have allowed to finance the terror campaign internally, the success of coalition airstrikes targeting ISIS' oil production has forced the group to seek revenue through other activities, including human trafficking, taxing the local population, and robbing antiquities from world-renowned cultural and historical sites.    ISIS facilitators have also encouraged recruits to resort to petty crime to fund travel to Syria and home-grown violent extremism. The alleged head of the Brussels ring that conducted the Paris attacks, doled out cash and presents to wayward youths he recruited as thieves and prospective fighters. They were then trained to target train stations and tourists, stealing luggage, even shoplifting for their cause.    I am eager to hear from today's witnesses how terrorist groups and State sponsors of terrorism have been turning to criminal activities to develop new source of funds, evade detection, and acquire logistical expertise moving and laundering funds, as well as how supporters may be changing tactics to evade current laws and detect illicit funds moving to designated terror groups.    Hezbollah facilitators have been shown to be particularly savvy in circumventing U.S. laws on terrorist financing. The Lebanese Canadian Bank case where bank officers engaged in laundering money from Colombian drug cartels and mixing it with proceeds from used cars bought in the United States, illustrates the sophistication and motivation of Hezbollah to finance its terrorist operations, and the close ties between terrorists and criminal networks. These organizations are highly innovative and motivated, and our Government must remain nimble in the laws and authorities it provides to our intelligence and law enforcement agencies to meet this challenge.    When examined over time, several fundamental lessons emerge. First, a wide range of terrorist organizations have sought to draw upon the wealth and resources of the United States to finance their organizations and activities. Second, just as there is no one type of terrorist, there is no one type of terrorist financier or facilitator. Third, terrorist financiers and facilitators are creative and will seek to exploit vulnerabilities in our society and financial system to further their unlawful aims.    I would like to welcome our expert panel. Your input is critical to the subcommittee's understanding of the current trends in terror financing and how the U.S. Government can build stronger partnerships with the public and private sector to identify funds being diverted to terrorist organizations and disrupt and dismantle the criminal and money-laundering rings.    Mr. King. Now I am privileged to recognize the distinguished Ranking Member from upstate New York, almost Canada, Mr. Higgins.    Mr. King. I thank the Ranking Member.    I would advise other Members of the committee that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Mr. King. We are pleased to have a distinguished panel of witnesses before us today on this vital topic. Our first witness will be Dr. Louise Shelley. She's the founder and director of the Terrorism, Transnational Crime and Corruption Center at George Mason University. She is an internationally-recognized expert on the relationship among terrorism, organized crime, and corruption. She is a published author on these vital topics and has received numerous awards and fellowships. She received her undergraduate cum laude from Cornell University, and an MA in criminology from the University of Pennsylvania and holds a Ph.D. in sociology from the University of Pennsylvania.    Dr. Shelley, you are recognized. Thank you for being here today. We really appreciate it.    Mr. King. Thank you very much, Dr. Shelley.    Our next witness is Dr. Jonathan Schanzer. He is the vice president for research at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies. He has been a leading scholar on terror finance and other counterterrorism issues for decades, serving multiple think tanks as an analyst at the Department of Treasury. He earned his Ph.D. from King's College in London and has published a number of books on terrorism and Middle East-based terror groups.    Dr. Schanzer, you are recognized. Thank you. Thank you for being here today.    Mr. King. Thank you, Doctor, very much for your testimony.    Our next witness is Deborah Lehr. She is the chairman of the Antiquities Coalition, an organization which she launched to work with governments across the Middle East to fight against antiquities trafficking and its use in financing terrorism. She is also CEO and founding partner of Basilinna--did I pronounce that correctly? Okay.--a strategic consulting firm focused on China and the Middle East. She serves as a senior fellow at the Paulson Institute, a not-for-profit chaired by former Treasury Secretary, Hank Paulson.    Ms. Lehr also serves on a number of prestigious board and advisory councils, including National Geographic and the board of the Archeological Institute of America.    Ms. Lehr, thank you for being here today, and we look forward to your testimony. You are recognized.    Mr. King. Thank you, Doctor.    Dr. Schanzer, you mentioned in your written testimony that the Treasury Department has not made a domestic designation of a charity for supporting terrorism for 2009. Now, does that mean that illegal fundraising has stopped, or has there been a shift in U.S. policy? Any comment you can make on that, I appreciate it.    Mr. King. Thank you. You also mentioned in connection between the U.S.-based BDS movement and the PLO. Anything you can add to that?    Mr. King. Thank you.    I recognize the Ranking Member.    Mr. King. Absolutely. Without objection.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    * The information follows has been retained in committee files and is available at http://taskforce.theantiquitiescoalition.org/.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. King. Okay. The gentleman from New York, the Chairman of the Transportation Security Subcommittee, Mr. Katko.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Katko.    The gentleman from as Massachusetts, Mr. Keating.    Mr. King. Without objection. The gentleman from Massachusetts always get what he wants anyway so----    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Hurd, the Chairman of the Information Technology Subcommittee, House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.    Mr. Hurd.    Mr. King. Surely.    Mr. King. Thank you.    Mr. Hurd.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Hurd. The gentleman yields back.    Ranking Member, do you have any further questions?    Mr. King. All right. Thank you.    So I want to thank the witnesses for your testimony today. It has been extremely valuable. I want to thank the Members for their questions. The Members of this subcommittee may have some additional questions to the witnesses, and I would ask you to respond to those in writing, if you would. We appreciate it.    So pursuant to Committee Rule VII(e), the hearing record will be held open for 10 days.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.