    Ms. Humphries. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member.    The National Wild Turkey Federation applauds the Committee's focus on active forest management. We have 230,000 members across the country, and active chapters in each and every state of this country.    With the successful restoration of the wild turkey across its range, we have refocused our efforts and are working on Save the Habitat, Save the Hunt initiative. This initiative is really geared at making sure that we are doing active forest management, and helping to improve that upland habitat that is so important for wild turkeys, as well as of other host of species, and also saving our hunting heritage that is so important.    Wildlife managers and our wildlife biologists consider active management the best solution to meet habitat requirements of the largest variety of species, and create young forest habitat that provide for food, nesting habitat, and hiding places for wildlife. Throughout the United States, we are losing the diversity at a landscape level scale, threatening habitat for species like the Golden Wing Warbler, the New England Cottontail, the Gopher Tortoise, the Red-cockaded Woodpecker, and many, many other species. We have a number of examples, but I will give you just three of them as we talk today. On the Oconee National Forest in Piedmont National Wildlife Refuge in Georgia, we and the U.S. Forest Service have actively managed over 21,000 acres of loblolly pine habitat to increase pine savannah and young forest habitat for endangered Red-cockaded Woodpecker. It has resulted in a 27 percent increase in potential breeding pairs on that, as well as population increases for the Southern Flying Squirrel, the Bobwhite Quail, the wild turkey, and a variety of migratory songbirds. The management of healthy forests is made economically viable by the harvest and sale of forest products, including timber, and timber sales offset the cost of reforestation, invasive species control, prescribed fire, and timber stand improvements.    Federal lands play a really vital role in maintaining healthy forests, in that they are resilient to the threats at this landscape level. Federal timber management keeps the mills open, it brings stability to the supply and demand market, and it provides local jobs, and we need those. Active management of our Federal forests reduces devastating wildfires, it reduces insect and forest diseases before those diseases can spread to adjacent state lands and private forestlands, and increases forest health and diversity.    We really appreciate the authorities that have been granted in recent years by the Agriculture Committee to address forest health. The 2014 Farm Bill, as has been mentioned, has granted permanent authorization of stewardship contracting and Good Neighbor Authority. It has also established insect and disease area designations to the existing Wyden Amendment and Cooperative Forest Landscape Restoration Programs. These authorities can lead to healthier forests if they are implemented properly. The National Wild Turkey Federation has been the leader in stewardship contracting program, and we have partnered with the U.S. Forest Service on 81 forest stewardship projects in the last decade.    A couple of these examples: In New Mexico, we worked on the Cibola National Forest, and it was part of the Blue Waters Stewardship Agreement. The National Wild Turkey Federation and our partners, including the Mount Taylor Machine Sawmill, have provided matching funds to the project which has expanded a number of treated acres by over 20 percent in that particular area. The work makes the forest healthier, it supports a small community of Milan, New Mexico.    In another example, we also worked with Land Between the Lakes National Recreation Area in Kentucky and Tennessee. Following a damaging ice storm, we restored access to over 170,000 acres by facilitating multiple logging contracts to open the roads and clean up debris, and our stewardship efforts continue to work on almost 6,000 acres each and every year there.    Despite all this, we need to move forward and have more progress made on active management. So I offer the following suggestions. First, we need to help the agencies expand collaborative efforts in the early stages of the process, and that means talking about the benefits of active management needed to carry out those in order to get the desired future condition. It needs to start at the beginning, not at the end, as was mentioned. We need to work at the landscape level to achieve broad benefits, and that means working across ownership patterns. Not only the various Federal agencies, but also the state agencies and local. We need to solve the fire-funding program, which has been brought up numerous times today. The situation currently is just unacceptable. We need to encourage Federal agencies to use all available tools and all available authorities, and that includes the use of categorical exclusions.    I would like to close by saying the Committee has done great work. We stand ready to help both the National Forest System and this Committee as we move forward, and look to active management to make our forests healthier and sustainable in the future. Thank you.    Ms. Humphries. Well, I will take a crack at the first part of this and leave you to the second part of this. But first of all, like anything, having diversity in the landscape provides more resiliency. And unfortunately, as we have backed off in recent decades on active management, what has happened is a lot of our forests have aged, we have had increasing fuel loads, and because of that we are not getting the diversity and that younger forest type in there. What is good for that younger forest is good for a wealth of species out there, and people failed to recognize that in the early days following kind of the change of pendulum swing in active management. Certainly, with that, I won't tell you that there is no place for wilderness, but I do think that we need to think very carefully in terms of when we say no management at all, what that really means.    The Chairman. Okay.    Ms. Humphries. We live in a global landscape. At the time, I was the director with Emerald Ash Borer, I hate to admit it, but in Michigan, that pest came in from overseas, it spread much further than we ever expected when we first detected that, and it affects situations where we don't have the ability just to say, ``Hands-off, we are going to let it go,'' and because when we do that, we have devastating results, and lack of Ash across much of the Midwest at this point. It is really important to recognize that there needs to be active management at various stages, but we really need to change the talk into desired future outcomes of that forest, in my humble opinion.    The Chairman. Okay, thank you. Ms. McCarthy?    Ms. Humphries. When you look at categorical exclusions, clearly under NEPA the council gave good guidance that anything that is routine reoccurring with known minimal impacts can be categorically excluded. So my comments really referred not to specifics, but in general. I know at the state level when I managed it, we were able to use categorical exclusions, and we upheld it in the courts when we were challenged over a broad array of timber practices that were ongoing, that we had been doing since we started our State Forest System and managed it. And so many of those activities whether they are relatively minor in scope or routine, reoccurring, we know those impacts and they are well understood, our forest managers have decades of experience in that.    The Chairman. Very good, thank you. I know that you stated in your written testimony your support for arbitration. I wanted to check in with Ms. McCarthy, would you agree with arbitration versus litigation?    Ms. Humphries. Yes, I would say we would like to see some pilot with arbitration. Clearly, when you look at lawsuits around the country, there have been a number of lawsuits where it is a tactic that is being used by some organizations to try and move an agenda towards no management, or slow down management. That purpose needs to be put into the planning process and moved back to where it belongs, and that is in the planning process where we sit down and talk about what is the desired future condition of the forest. And with that, we need to try out some areas where we can try arbitration. I am not suggesting we go to it nationwide. We are best served to put our toe in the water to try it, see how it works in those particular areas. We need to try it in areas where we are very prone to litigation in order to give it a good test, and then if it is successful, then go into a model where we move down that path.    The Chairman. Very good. Thank you very much.    I am pleased to recognize the Ranking Member for an additional round of questions if you would like.