    Mr. Perry. Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency will come to order. The purpose of this hearing is to receive testimony regarding security implications of small, unmanned aerial systems in the domestic airspace and technologies to mitigate associated threats.    Chairman now recognizes itself for an opening statement.    When most people think of unmanned aerial systems, or UAS, commonly known as drones, they may think of large aircraft used in overseas combat operations. However, in the coming years, the majority of UAS will be small--55 pounds or less--many of which fly less than 400 feet above the ground. Small UAS have a variety of potential uses such as pipeline, utility, and farm inspections, aerial photography, and crop-dusting, among other uses.    Last month the Federal Aviation Administration, the FAA, released proposed rules to allow for the operation of small UAS for non-recreational purposes into domestic airspace. The proposed rules would place numerous limitations on flying small UAS: Flights could take place only in daylight, the area of operations would be limited, and only visual-line-of-sight operations would be permitted. These proposed rules are now open for public comment.    Our hearing today will focus on the security implications of opening our skies to small UAS and how agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security, Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies should prepare.    Several recent security incidents are concerning. In January, a small quadcopter crashed on the White House lawn. Although the incident seemingly was accidental, it exposed the larger issue of how law enforcement should respond to UAS threats and, subsequently, the Secret Service quickly scheduled exercises in the D.C. area in response.    Also, a September 2013 incident where a small UAS landed only inches away from German Chancellor Angela Merkel also exposed serious concerns and the challenge that protective services around the world now face.    Last but not least, French police recently were confounded when several unidentified small UAS flew over key Paris landmarks, including the Eiffel Tower, as well as nuclear power plants. French authorities are investigating, but again, this incident showcases the challenges to law enforcement to respond swiftly to this new technology.    Threats posed by the small UAS are nothing new. For example, an individual was arrested in September 2011 after a failed plot to attack the U.S. Capitol and Pentagon using multiple remote-controlled aircraft laden with explosives.    But nightmare scenarios by terrorists aren't the only concern. Drug smugglers could use this technology as a cheap way to smuggle illegal drugs into the United States, and spies may also use small drones to get into areas we would prefer hidden.    So the question remains: How can homeland security and law enforcement prepare for these potential threats?    In July 2012, this committee held a hearing highlighting the need to address the security risks associated with UAS. In the past 3 years, the Department of Homeland Security has taken some steps to educate law enforcement and the public on small     The National Protection and Programs Directorate, the NPPD, released a model aircraft reference aid to inform the public about potential illicit uses, impacts, and indicators of malicious activity. The Science and Technology Director has been assessing the capabilities of small UAS for State and local law enforcement and first responders.    However, much more needs to be done to safeguard against malicious actors successfully using this technology for illegal means. The Department of Homeland Security needs a cohesive strategy to address these issues.    Lone-wolf terrorists, drug smugglers, and foreign spies don't care about FAA rules. The DHS must help protect against these bad actors perverting this technology for their objectives.    Testimony from our witnesses today will help provide a roadmap for what homeland security and law enforcement can do to mitigate this risk. Specifically, we need a better understanding of the technological solutions that exist to deal with these threats and what law enforcement needs to better respond when a small UAS is used for illegal activity.    I look forward to hearing from today's witnesses on their assessment of the threats and potential solutions.    Mr. Perry. The Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, the gentlelady from New Jersey, Mrs. Watson Coleman, for her statement.    Mr. Perry. Chairman thanks the gentlelady.    The Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Member of the full committee, the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Thompson.    Mr. Perry. Chairman thanks the gentleman.    Other Members of the subcommittee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    We are pleased to have a distinguished panel of witnesses before us today on this important topic.    Let me remind the witnesses that their entire written statement will appear in the record, and I will introduce each of you first and then recognize you for your testimony.    Dr. Todd Humphreys is a professor at the Cockrell School of Engineering at the University of Texas at Austin. He directs their radio navigation laboratory at U.T. Austin, where his research focuses on defending against intentional GPS spoofing and jamming.    Dr. Humphreys' research has uncovered that GPS signals that navigate unmanned aerial systems can be hijacked and controlled. Dr. Humphreys obtained his doctorate from Cornell University.    Mr. Frederick Roggero is president--got that correct, don't I, General--president and CEO of Resilient Solutions. Mr. Roggero is an expert in commercial unmanned aerial systems.    Previously, Mr. Roggero served as the chief of safety of the U.S. Air Force, where he oversaw all Air Force aviation, ground, weapons, space, and systems mishap prevention, and nuclear surety programs. Mr. Roggero is also a pilot with over 4,000 hours in 22 different type of military aircraft. Mr. Roggero retired from the Air Force with the rank of major general.    Thank you for your service, sir.    Chief Richard Beary is president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police. Chief Beary served for over 30 years as a law enforcement officer in Florida, including as chief of police for the University of Central Florida, the largest university in the State. Chief Beary was awarded the Medal of Valor twice in his career.    Thank you for your service, sir.    Dr. Gregory McNeal is a professor at Pepperdine University, where his research and teaching focus is on National security law and policy, criminal law and procedure, and international law. Previously he served as assistant director of the Institute for Global Security and codirected a transnational counterterrorism grant program at the U.S. Justice Department. Dr. McNeal obtained his doctorate from Pennsylvania State University.    Go Lions.    All right. Thank you all for being here today.    Chairman now recognizes Dr. Humphreys for his testimony.    Mr. Perry. Chairman thanks Dr. Humphreys.    Chairman now recognizes Mr. Roggero for his testimony.    General Rogerro. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, Ranking Member Watson Coleman and Ranking Member Thompson, ladies and gentlemen.    Aviation is undergoing a global revolution as we sit here today. With advances in unmanned technologies that are moving ahead at the speed of Moore's Law, as you have indicated already, while associated prices are continue to fall, small, unmanned aerial systems have become high-tech and universally available tools.    Coupled with advances in autopilots, telemetry, sensor and camera miniaturization, small UASs are delivering capabilities that were once only the purview of nation states. Now almost anyone can experience the advantages of thrills of aviation without ever having to leave the ground, taking a flight physical, or getting a check ride.    As these barriers to entry continue to fall, we are witnessing the democratization of aviation.    These new technologies give individuals a limited version of the unique characteristics of aviation--speed, range, flexibility, and altitude--that are enjoyed by every air force in the world. It is true that small UASs are capable of making our lives better by helping us to imagine more, safer ways to do our jobs that are dangerous, dull, and dirty. But they are also a terrific means to enhance commerce, save lives, gain different perspectives, and even to provide recreation.    But as with all revolutions, there are risks that must be dealt with, and the safety and security risks of small drones are no exception. However, as the risk of these types of aircraft are reviewed, we must strive to preserve and to protect the overwhelming benefits that this rapidly-expanding technology will bring for generations to come.    The risks inherent in this revolution can be divided into two parts: Safety and security. Safety because we have a growing class of new operators who don't understand that they have just become part of the aviation system and are flying a piece of equipment that is capable of operating in the same space as an airliner. But this type of safety risk can and should be dealt with through a public campaign of education, regulation, and enforcement.    Next are those small UAS operators that know the rules but decide to violate them anyway. It is operators from this class that will most likely cause the first collision between an aircraft and a drone in the United States. But once again, public awareness; standard, clear regulations; firm penalties; and enforcement are the best remedies to slow these types of transgressions.    At this point we move into the security risks. Tasks such as intelligence gathering, surveillance, reconnaissance, attack, and mobility can all be conducted with easily available UASs at very reasonable prices. These actions could be directed at National critical infrastructure points, factories, VIPs, and other examples, as we have heard this morning.    Much work has already been done in this area of defense by our NATO partners, and we should take advantage of those developed solutions and lessons learned. For example, the United Kingdom took this threat so seriously in 2012 that the Royal Air Force and Selex ES designed and deployed an integrated counter-small UAS system in London to defend the Olympic Stadium during the opening ceremonies. This system was further improved and used to defend world leaders during the 2013 G8 Summit in Ireland.    Certainly the lessons learned from these efforts could inform our actions as we address these common threats.    I believe that our way should be a simultaneous two-prong solution. First, use commercial, off-the-shelf technology that has already been developed, tested, refined, and used operationally in this role to establish a baseline capability for us immediately. By using a layered defense, the threat can be neutralized and the physical and electronic forensic evidence be preserved for arrest and prosecution.    We should pick what works best for our needs, and I will refer you to my submitted statement for a listing of the elements that I believe are required for a multiple-layered, integrated UAS defense.    The second simultaneous track starts with interagency cooperation to draft an overarching strategy and linked policies that have a legal and regulatory basis to deal with unmanned systems in general, and unmanned aerial systems in particular.    Ranking Member Thompson, I would say that this strategy needs to be Government-wide and not just focused on DHS.    This is where the departments and agencies will need to help to ensure that they have the legal framework necessary to respond to this threat.    Furthermore, a single department should be nominated as the executive agent, and provided with the right resources and charged with leading this effort across the Government.    In summary, my written statement provides several recommendations for consideration by the committee to tackle this problem, and by capitalizing on best practices and technology already applied by our international allies such as the United Kingdom, we could be ready to deal with today's threats immediately while we draft the correct policies and spin up U.S. industries, universities, and laboratories to rapidly explore ways to counter tomorrow's drones and the unique threats that they will bring in the next 2 to 5 years.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Roggero.    The Chairman now recognizes Chief Beary for your testimony, sir.    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Chief Beary.    The Chairman now recognizes Dr. McNeal for your testimony, sir.    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Dr. McNeal.    The Chairman now recognizes himself for a few questions. I will start out with General Roggero.    According to a January 2015 Wall Street Journal article, counterterrorism authorities in the United States, Germany, Spain, and Egypt stated that six potential terrorist plots involving drones had been foiled since 2011. Can you describe, if you know, the types of capabilities of the UAS that these groups were using or planning to use?    General Rogerro. Sir, I am sorry about that.    Mr. Perry. Sure.    General Rogerro. No, sir, I am not familiar with the technology that they used in that particular case.    Mr. Perry. Okay.    Anybody else on the panel, just in case?    Yes, sir, Dr. Humphreys.    Mr. Perry. So surveillance is pretty simple. You mount a camera, or you can buy one with a camera mounted.    Dr. Humphreys or General Roggero, can you talk to us about the weaponization or other potential nefarious means--to be combative or proactive in a militaristic style?    Mr. Perry. Okay.    Mr. Perry. Sure.    Mr. Perry. Okay. Thank you.    To Professor McNeal: As we have discussed today, the UAS can be used for a variety of malicious purposes and therefore present a multitude of potential threats. The DHS will often prepare risk assessments in the face of threats such as these to ensure all relevant stakeholders are taking all possible steps to mitigate the threat.    Which areas do you perceive the threats are most pressing and why, if you know?    Mr. Perry. Thank you. My time is expired.    The Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Member, Mrs. Watson Coleman, for questions.    Mr. Perry. There are a lot of things to be concerned about. Thank you.    The Chairman now recognizes the Ranking Member of the full committee, Mr. Thompson.    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Ranking Member.    Chairman now recognizes gentleman, Mr. Loudermilk.    Mr. Perry. Chairman thanks the gentleman from Louisiana and recognizes the gentlelady from California, Mrs. Torres.    Mr. Perry. Okay. Chairman thanks the gentlelady.    We are going to go for a second round and we are going to go a little bit out of order. Mr. Loudermilk has to leave early.    So, as a matter of fact, I think I am just going to turn the floor over to him for questioning, and then we will move through the regular order at that point.    Mr. Perry. Chairman thanks the gentleman.    Chairman recognizes the Ranking Member, Mrs. Watson Coleman.    Mr. Perry. Chairman thanks the gentlelady.    I have got some questions continuing. I will start with the general.    Given the wide range of threats the UAS can pose, the creation of a DHS strategy on domestic UAS will be a crucial aspect in mitigating the threat. Or maybe it is not DHS; you postulated maybe it would be DOD.    I just wrote down FAA, DOD, DOE, Justice. There is no limit, probably, to the number of agencies that might or should be involved in a comprehensive strategy.    But let's just say you were going to write a strategy. You know, I have got 5 minutes, right, and you have got some of that, so give me the high points, maybe, if you could, General, about what you think is important regarding such a strategy.    General Rogerro. Certainly, sir.    I would first of all, as we discussed earlier, identify the threats, identify what needs to be protected, and in all cases that may not be a thing--it may be a reputation, it may be a brand. The White House is a great example. The drone was no threat kinetically, but to the reputation of the United States Government to protect a key spot, it very much is very important.    So I would identify those priorities and then get the resources down right and figure out where you need to apply those resources today while you are doing that research and development tomorrow to get those capabilities moving. So it is a multi-prong.    In the mean time, you also have to look at all of those authorities that law enforcement needs, make sure the rules are clear, and have a whole roll-out campaign, a strategic communications campaign, if you will, to get to the public, to let them know where you can fly, where you can't fly, what the penalties are, and if you see something you need to say something.    Mr. Perry. Thank you. Continuing, just if you can, General--and anybody else, I will start with the general--some examples, maybe, of some larger UAS above 55 pounds. The availability, the payload--I am trying to determine--and--for myself and maybe anybody watching or listening what really the potential worst-case scenario could or would be.    Then, you know, if you maybe classify that in terms--I guess we had a potential cyanide issue at the White House. It is in the news today. You put a container--a small container--of anthrax or ricin or something like that on even one of these small, less than 55 pounds--I think it certainly has the ability to carry that payload.    Can you paint a picture for us--maybe not necessarily a worst-case scenario, but an actual probable scenario or a possible scenario with somebody with that kind of malicious intent, what the capabilities that exist?    General Rogerro. Certainly. I am an R.C. hobbyist myself, and there are some local hobby stores not very far away from where we are sitting here today in the District of Columbia that if you go into you can have an F-16 jet that is about as long as this table that has a turbofan engine and has fuel which is in and of itself an explosive. This will do probably 200 to 300 miles an hour and you need a small runway to take it off from. It could fly from a location just outside of the District of Columbia into the center of the District of Columbia within minutes.    So that is here and that is current, so don't want to scare you any more than that, sir.    Mr. Perry. I think I can understand the potential, the possibilities.    Dr. McNeal, you want to weigh in?    Mr. Perry. Even if they are not, I mean, let's say they are smart enough to go to a sporting event where--a large stadium and fly it low over the crowd, almost within arm's reach, I mean--and maybe it has an impact on you or not, but which one of us wants to be the person that said, ``Well, look, I got checked out and I was fine,'' you know, over the course of thousands of people in that--and, you know, you already talked--the chief has talked about panic setting in, people running across each other and down the steps and falling, and little children and older folks, and so on. I mean, you can picture the scene, right?    Mr. Perry. Would any of you folks here, depending on size, classification, are any of you advocating or recommending registration of some type towards ownership so that the, you know, as the chief said, you know, the aircraft that is flying--and, you know, his officers are all standing there looking at it, they can't do anything about it. Maybe they can't at that moment, but once maybe rules are set into place where it is illegal to do what has just been done, they can actually track down the perpetrator and link those two up so that we know what he is doing at X house and there is justification.    Is anybody advocating or has anybody thought about that, or what are the considerations----    General Rogerro. The only way right now is through support groups such as the AMA, which pulls in modelists and has a set of rules and regulations that people voluntarily roll into.    I would not be opposed to registration for somebody that either buys or builds a certain size UAS with a certain capability. I don't see where anybody would have a problem with that, and putting that accountability into this system where these capabilities are going so high so fast I think is probably a good thing and well-deserved.    Mr. Perry. To the chief, you know, we talked a little bit about law enforcement's role or the role of UAS with law enforcement in the context of civil liberties, but also in the context of using the asset to law enforcement's advantage for search and rescue, or maybe surveillance in a hostile situation, et cetera, and then juxtaposed that to State laws and the 10th Amendment.    Can you describe, generally speaking, what do you think the--at this point--the role of UAS is, the legitimate role of UAS in law enforcement would be? Just so we have a clear understanding of where--you know, how we can help you and how we can assist in--but at the same time make sure that everybody's privacies and civil liberties are maintained?    Mr. Perry. Well, it is unless you are the Department of Homeland Security, and I think at our last hearing they paid about $22,000 or $23,000 an hour for their Predator time. As a helicopter pilot myself, you know, there are a lot of helicopter pilots that would love to charge that amount of money to do surveillance and they would make a pretty good buck at it.    Finally, let me conclude with this: Based on what you have heard today--you folks are, I think, recognized as having some expertise in--the field, and we are trying to craft a policy, a strategy, et cetera--do you have a recommendation, each one of you, regarding which agency--I know, you know, I have something in my mind, but which agency should take the lead on maybe policy formulation or execution, should the legislative bodies do that, and work out the strategy, you know, proposed strategy?    We will start with Dr. Humphreys.    Mr. Perry. Okay.    General.    General Rogerro. Yes, sir. I would say in the policy realm that DHS probably has the correct knowledge and background to take the lead on the security piece. However, it would have to be very closely aligned, I think, with the FAA, which, as you know, is a safety of flight piece.    But by designing policy and security you could take that airborne asset, as we have been talking about this morning, and push that into an aviation safety incident. So I think that the FAA has to be there with their expertise of aviation on this process, as well.    Mr. Perry. Chief.    Mr. Perry. Dr. McNeal.    Mr. Perry. All right.    Thank you very much, gentlemen. I thank you for your valuable testimony and the Members for their questions.    Of course, the Members of the subcommittee may have some additional questions for the witnesses and we will ask that the witnesses respond to those in writing. Pursuant to committee rule 7(e), the hearing record will be open for 10 days.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned. Thank you.