    Mr. Counihan. Good afternoon, Chairman Jordan, Ranking Member Cartwright, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to provide an update on the Affordable Care Act.    I joined CMS nearly 2 years ago after over 30 years serving various roles in the health insurance industry. At CMS, my focus is on the day-to-day operation and management of the Marketplace and other programs that help consumers gain access to affordable, high-quality healthcare coverage. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, millions of Americans who were previously uninsured now have access to affordable, high-quality health care. An estimated 20 million more people now have coverage because of the law, and at 9.1 percent, the uninsured rate in America is the lowest it has been on record. Preexisting conditions no longer preclude individuals from gaining health insurance, and lifetime and annual dollar limits are now a thing of the past. Tens of millions of Americans have new access to preventive services with no cost sharing, and consumers now have the comfort of knowing that if their employment changes or if they lose coverage for any reason, they can purchase affordable coverage through the Marketplace.    The Affordable Care Act has also resulted in cost savings for both consumers and taxpayers. The law requires health insurers to provide consumers with rebates if they spend too much of a consumer's premium on advertising and marketing instead of health benefits and quality care. Since this requirement has been put in place in 2011, almost $2.9 billion in total refunds have been paid to millions of consumers. And before the Affordable Care Act, insurance companies in many States were able to raise rates without explaining their actions. The law brought unprecedented transparency into health insurance pricing through the rate review process, and in 2015, rate review led to an estimated $1.5 in savings for consumers.    Since the Affordable Care Act became law, healthcare prices have risen at the lowest level in 50 years. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that the law will generate substantial deficit savings that grow over time, translating to a total savings of more than $3 trillion over the next two decades.    One critical provision of the Affordable Care Act is the creation of the Health Insurance Marketplace. The Marketplace was designed to foster competition, facilitate comparison shopping, and ensure affordability. Three years in, the Health Insurance Marketplace is a competitive, growing, and dynamic platform, a transparent Marketplace where issuers compete on price and quality, and people across the country are finding health plans that meet their needs as well as their budgets. Every year, we encourage consumers to return to the marketplace and shop for the plan that is best for them and their family. For 2016, marketplace coverage, approximately 67 percent of marketplace consumers selected a new plan and saved an average of $42 a month, or $500 a year, in premium costs.    In addition to providing consumers with a simple way to compare and find the plan that's right for them, the Affordable Care Act also includes tax credits to help make that coverage more affordable. Roughly 85 percent of marketplace consumers receive these tax credits, and for 2016 coverage, their average monthly premium increased by only 4 percent or just $4. After taking these tax credits into account, nearly 70 percent of healthcare.gov consumers had a coverage option for $75 a month or less, and 74 percent had an option for $100 a month or less. Importantly, consumers say they can now afford primary care, prescription drugs they could not afford before the Affordable Care Act, and a majority are satisfied with their coverage.    While we are encouraged by the progress we have made, we know that implementation of the Affordable Care Act is a multiyear process. As CMS, our efforts to improve all of our programs, including the marketplace, are an ongoing commitment.    This year among numerous other efforts, we are taking steps to enhance our outreach to young adults who are more likely to remain uninsured. We have also strengthened requirements for enrollment through special enrollment periods, ensuring that this tool is available for consumers when they need it, while preventing misuse and abuse.    And we aren't the only ones that are learning. Since the Affordable Care Act became law, I've seen an unprecedented amount of innovation in the private sector. The marketplace is increasingly serving as a laboratory for strategies that are helping improve care and control costs. For example, one issuer is creating plans based on the different needs of unique geographic communities, bringing together interdisciplinary teams focused on improving care for high-risk populations in particular communities.    We look forward to continuing to work with Congress and other key stakeholders on ways to strengthen our operations to ensure the American people have access to affordable coverage and high-quality health services. Using the tools created by the Affordable Care Act, we are all working toward a healthcare delivery system that works better for everyone, where care is improved through better coordination and integration, where we spend our healthcare dollars in smarter ways, and where our system is person-centered and Americans are healthier.    I know you have a number of questions, and I am happy to answer them to the best of my ability.    Mr. Counihan. Initially, we had granted 24. One never started, so in all practice, 23.    Mr. Counihan. Seven.    Mr. Counihan. Yes.    Mr. Counihan. I'm going to have to get back to you on that.    Mr. Counihan. I need to confirm that one.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. I do not, and I'll tell you why. The CO-OPs are like any other insurance company that are certified by a State division of insurance. They have to have the same actuarial standards, the same capital standards. They have to meet a solvency requirement. They have to meet a variety of certain circumstances. If the State certifies those issuers, if the State certifies that CO-OP, that feels to me that they should be on a level playing field with any other issuer.    Mr. Counihan. I would say that, if they are certified and licensed by the State, which they are, that they should be judged on the same basis as any other, and I think it would be unfair not to.    Mr. Counihan. As you know, sir, this is a challenging business. The CO-OPs are not the first issuers to have felt the challenge of that or to have closed.    Mr. Counihan. Well, as of 2015, the uninsured rate is 9.1 percent. That was a drop from 16 percent before the Affordable Care Act.    Mr. Counihan. I will need to do the same, sir.    Mr. Counihan. 9.1 percent.    Mr. Counihan. Well, I think the difference there between what the chairman had quoted and what I had quoted was the difference is Medicaid expansion. So the 20 million that I quoted, for example, includes marketplace enrollment plus expanded Medicaid enrollment.    Mr. Counihan. Well, I think it's actually the opposite. I think what we're finding is that the average American has completely benefitted from this law, and I'll tell you how. A is through the elimination of preexisting conditions. B is through the elimination of lifetime caps. C is there are no gender premium differentials that there were. There is expanded coverage. It's more affordable than before.    Mr. Counihan. So the Department of Justice is engaged in the recoupment efforts. I cannot speak for them with respect to their progress. Happy to have somebody from DOJ come to report.    Mr. Counihan. As I said, the way taxpayer, these moneys can be received, how they can be recovered, is typically when administrative expenses are paid and runout claims are fully satisfied. For most of these wind-downs, that has not occurred yet, so it's really premature to be able to speculate.    Mr. Counihan. Those are good examples of dramatic improvements that the Affordable Care Act brought.    Mr. Counihan. No, not in my view, and I'll tell you why.    Mr. Counihan. No. Six are on corrective action plans.    Mr. Counihan. Correct.    Mr. Counihan. Let me just if I can, Mr. Chairman----    Mr. Counihan. I think we're seeing with the CO-OP program, as we are with other parts----    Mr. Counihan. I think if all 23 fail, it underscores how challenging the health insurance business is.    Mr. Counihan. As I said, I think it underscores how tough this business is. I think it underscores how challenging it is it being a small business----    Mr. Counihan. I'm just, Mr. Chairman, it underscores again that this is a very tough business.    Mr. Counihan. And, Mr. Chairman, I've worked for an insurance firm that was about the size of one of the larger CO-OPs. We became successful, but I understand very, very specifically----    Mr. Counihan. What I'm trying to say is the following.    Mr. Counihan. Nobody could make that kind of prediction, sir, but let me tell you one of the reasons why. It's because there are so many variables that could impact the success of a business like that, most fundamentally claim costs. So, for example, if an issuer like a CO-OP has a very tough year----    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. As I've said, I've worked for a company that's one of the sizes of the larger CO-OPs. What can impact the business of a CO-OP----    Mr. Counihan. What I'm trying to tell you, number one, is that the CO-OP program is not the whole Affordable Care Act. Number two is that it's a very, very tough low margin business. Number three is it deals with a lot of----    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. So let me tell you, sir, what the CO-OP program has done. The CO-OP program has provided more choice. It's provided more competition. It's helped consumers in a variety of different States, giving them opportunities that they may not have had before. If I may, sir, tell you something else. It's also given the opportunity to innovate. Several of these CO-OPs have introduced new types of care management programs that have been new in their markets and new in their States.    Mr. Counihan. But the others, sir, are replicating. So the health insurance business and the healthcare business, as you well know, is highly dynamic. It changes. There are a lot of variables to it. The CO-OP program has provided a lot of choice to people, and that's a key part of what it was for.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, I would, number one, be very happy to come back at any time. Number two is I could not predict the future of any issuer.    Mr. Counihan. Yes, sir.    Mr. Counihan. So the Department of Justice is in the process of working with several of the CO-OPs----    Mr. Counihan. No.    Mr. Counihan. Well, what I was trying to do----    Mr. Counihan. What I was trying to say, sir, is that these are Federal loans. Once those Federal loans become in recovery, that moves over to the DOJ.    Mr. Counihan. The process of how this works, sir, is when a Federal loan goes into recovery of that sort, it moves to DOJ for that process, and I am very happy to have someone from DOJ come here to give you an update.    Mr. Counihan. Well, I'm talking about loan recovery. I thought your question was about recovery of the loan. The process of recovering a Federal loan is that DOJ takes over that process.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, it very much depends on the situation of the CO-OPs. I think what's important for everyone to remember----    Mr. Counihan. And these are independent, licensed issuers by States. They compete just like any other health insurance company in that State.    Mr. Counihan. Yes.    Mr. Counihan. No.    Mr. Counihan. No.    Mr. Counihan. My job----    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. We have a staff of people that I work with that are responsible for collecting documents of that sort, and they're responsible for doing it. That's not in my role.    Mr. Counihan. No.    Mr. Counihan. You know, as I said, sir, we have a whole staff of people that are responsive to that.    Mr. Counihan. Congressman, to that very issue that you are speaking to, we have tried to be as responsive as we possibly can because I know the issue about document retrieval is very important to the committee----    Mr. Counihan. I'll need to get back to you.    Mr. Counihan. That's right.    Mr. Counihan. Yes.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, I want to be responsive to you. Let me get back to you, please.    Mr. Counihan. I'll have to circle that back with you.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. And Congressman----    Mr. Counihan. Congressman, we want to be responsive. I know we have already provided----    Mr. Counihan. Sir, what I would like to say is I need to get back to you with that timing.    Mr. Counihan. We'll get back to you.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, I need to get back to you.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, what I'm telling you is the following: I want to be as responsive to you as possible. I want to give you an accurate timeframe. What I'm asking from you is to give me the time to be able to be responsive.    Mr. Counihan. As I said, sir, I need to go back with my folks, understand it, and get back to you then.    Mr. Counihan. That's fair.    Mr. Counihan. You know, let me tell you what I'm hearing, and I talk to a lot of CEOs. And in this past open enrollment, I was in 13 States talking to people. What I'm hearing is that looking at the traditional way of managing care, contracting with the providers, servicing this new population is less effective than it is by designing newer, more customized approaches that often exist within Medicaid plans. So issuers----    Mr. Counihan. No.    Mr. Counihan. I apologize. I was not clear. What I meant to say was that if you look at issuers that have a strong Medicaid background, that have served the Medicaid population, that work to design and customize care management tools that are more specific to this new type of population, they're finding themselves being more effective than those that have just traditionally served, say, the small group insurance market or the large group market.    Mr. Counihan. Yes.    Mr. Counihan. No. I'm actually saying the opposite. What I'm actually saying is that one of the interesting things I'm seeing in talking to CEOs is that they are retooling their provider contracting to match a number of issuers that have been successful in this business from the beginning. And what we're finding, Congressman, is that there's a clear opportunity for issuers that have thought of this market more strategically, that have used a lot of data to understand the specifics of their market, understand the uninsured in their State, design products that meet them, tier networks, if appropriate, and provide new cost-management tools. That's what I'm saying.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. A couple things that you've raised. First of all is that, if you look at cost increases, cost increases are at the lowest level during the ACA than they've been historically over the past 50 years----    Mr. Counihan. But if you've looked at the average in the markets, so, for example, if you looked at the cost increases on average nationally----    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. And, unfortunately, Congressman, I don't have the benefit of the insight of North Carolina----    Mr. Counihan. But I can speak to nationally, and I can tell you that from 2000 to 2010, the average rate increase was 8 percent. From 2010 to 2015, it was lowered to 5 percent. So I'm talking nationally.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, what I am saying is that there's not any monolithic or consistent level of rate increases nationally. If you look at rate actions, they vary by urban areas versus rural, as you and I have discussed?    Mr. Counihan. Well, okay. All right.    Mr. Counihan. Roughly half, about 9 million.    Mr. Counihan. I can't remember, Congressman, exactly. You want to use your percentage? You said 16 percent?    Mr. Counihan. Oh, excuse me. The percentage of uninsured? Excuse me, 16 percent.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah, 43 or so, yeah.    Mr. Counihan. About 85 percent of our population have subsidies apply, tax credits apply.    Mr. Counihan. I guess I believe, Congressman, that everybody is paying for their health care. It's just that these individuals, based on their income, are getting tax credits to help them make it more affordable, but everyone's paying.    Mr. Counihan. I'm not familiar about the number of people, illegals, that are getting health care in this country.    Mr. Counihan. No.    Mr. Counihan. The median deductible in our plans actually was lower this year by about 5 percent from the year before, to about $850.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. That's correct. That's in that number of the 11 million. That's right.    Mr. Counihan. I think it's actually the opposite, sir.    Mr. Counihan. What I'm saying is that healthcare costs have been made more affordable than ever because of the Affordable Care Act. If you look at last year, just as an example, the average individual out-of-pocket increase went up by $4, 4 percent. So we're making costs more affordable. We're making coverage more accessible.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. So I--sir, I can't remember the exact number of people that have paid that penalty. I'm, again, happy to get back to you with that figure.    Mr. Counihan. You know, I really wouldn't----    Mr. Counihan. Nine percent, yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Excuse me?    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. So it's in a couple of different segments. So one would be Medicaid expansion States, States that have an expanded Medicaid; a significant component there. Number two would be young people. I mentioned earlier about the importance of enrolling younger folks and the outreach efforts that we are making to that. That's another cohort that's critical for that.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. To your point, sir, around young people and affordability, the vast bulk of them would be eligible for subsidies, for tax credits, and I think that would make that coverage much more affordable for them.    Mr. Counihan. As I said, sir, our job is to enroll people into affordable care. I think we've made good progress. We've got more to do, as you say.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. If I could just answer that, Congressman?    Mr. Counihan. I understand exactly what you're referring to, and I actually think that the ACA has had the exact opposite effect. It's moderating increases. And I will just give you an example. In the mid-1980s, mid to late 1980s, annual trend, inflationary trend in health insurance was in the mid 20s, 24, 25, 26 percent. That's beyond the impact of any utilization expense. That was pure inflationary trend. That's been dramatically, dramatically cut back. So I think that helps prove your point.    Mr. Counihan. I just wanted to say, in addition to that, we have significantly enhanced the quality of the coverage that the individual market now gets access to. Both the substance of that coverage and also the elimination of the ability to discriminate in that coverage. So just the elimination of preexisting conditions alone is a significant and a huge improvement. The fact, again, that there is no annual lifetime maximums, there is no caps on specific types of procedures. All of these types of things are significantly enhancing.    Mr. Counihan. That is exactly right. In my old State, women were typically priced twice as high as men for the same type of coverage. We have also seen that the number of bankruptcies due to medical costs have dramatically reduced since the introduction of the ACA. So, again,you know, significant movement and progress.    Mr. Counihan. Correct.    Mr. Counihan. That's correct.    Mr. Counihan. That's right.    Mr. Counihan. Well, number one, we talked about the tax credits. We talked about other ways to make things affordable. You've mentioned already the ability of States to take a more aggressive, transparent view for the creation of rates. We've created more competition. We've created more choice.    Just to give you a quick example, last year the average enrollee had an option of looking at three health plans--three issuers, and 50 health plans to choose from. So there's a variety of different ways that we're using the marketplace to help dampen prices and give people more options.    Mr. Counihan. I hadn't.    Mr. Counihan. My colleagues in the majority have also brought up the fact that UnitedHealth and a small number of other issuers have decided not to participate in the ACA marketplaces in 2017 as evidence that the ACA is not working.    Dr. Blumberg, what do you make of that argument?    Mr. Counihan. And Congressman----    Mr. Counihan. --that is not uncommon in business of any sort or in the health insurance business. People's strategies change, their strategic direction can evolve. So we see more of that. But the----    Mr. Counihan. That's correct. And particularly health insurance. It's a low margin, very, very challenging industry.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. I think it's a couple of things. I think, A, this is an example as strategies evolve. Two, I think an example so that people look at opportunities. You used the example of CIGNA. That's a good example. There are other examples of big national publicly-traded firms that are expanding into new markets.    I think the other thing that it's showing is that with any new market--and this is a new market and there hasn't been a new market like this in a long, long time--it takes a combination, whether looking at it from an underwriting perspective, an actuarial perspective, a risk management perspective, a care management perspective, a provider contract perspective, all these are different. And what we're finding is that those that are using the same kind of pattern that they used for their commercial business are being less successful and are in the process of retooling, versus those that have looked at this market and this enrollment more uniquely.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, I need to get back to you on that. I don't do that type of scheduling and I'm happy to respond to you fast.    Mr. Counihan. You're absolutely right, sir, that I am the boss. But the CO-OP program, for example, has its own director, it's own team of people that are dedicated to it. I need to circle back with you.    Mr. Counihan. Correct.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. And, sir, I want to comply with that. As I said, I'm just looking----    Mr. Counihan. --for a time to be able to get back to you.    Mr. Counihan. So, sir, we have already given you, as you're probably very, very much aware, thousands of pages of documents to be responsive.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Well, and the ones that--and I'm not sure how you're defining the ones that matter, but the one that have----    Mr. Counihan. Well, the ones that have business risk to those businesses, those CO-OPs, have been available in camera. They continue to be available in camera to your staff. We're not hiding anything from you. But----    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. And we want to give you the information, but we can't have the information leak out for businesses. As I told you, I worked for a small business----    Mr. Counihan. Well, sir, I respectfully have a different perspective on your comment about them all going to fail. What I would tell you is that we have an obligation, a fiduciary obligation, to make sure that no confidential information about their businesses gets leaked out and can be used against them. And I'm sure you can appreciate that.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. So I will have to check on the status of your request for information related to that. That's not an area that I personally get engaged with, so I will follow up with you on that.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. Sir, as I said, I'm not responsible for responding for those types of document requests. And we'll be happy to get back to you with details.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. Okay. First of all, thank you for the question. I happen to be fairly familiar with New Mexico and with the competitive environment there.    Mr. Counihan. I'm aware too--I have a valued relationship with the DOI superintendent, and actually just spoke with him about 10 days ago about the competitive environment, also rate actions by Blue Cross. So I had that review. So we had a good----    Mr. Counihan. No, he did not.    Mr. Counihan. Well, I value the relationship that we have. And I will tell you that he and I have discussed a variety of things about different issuers. One of the things that we both understood is some of the complexity about urban versus rural counties.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. Well, one of the things that we've talked about is I think that the CO-OP is a good example of new choice, of more competition, of innovation.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. So----    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. We have a specific process for recoupment of moneys. I explained some of it just before you were able to arrive, and if you don't mind, I'd like to explain it again.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah. So fundamentally, this is a matter of make sure that claim runouts are finally resolved and paid and administrative expenses to vendors are paid. Moneys left over from that are typically the best ways for us to recover money. The Department of Justice is in the process right now of doing just that with a couple of these CO-OPs.    Mr. Counihan. No, I'm trying to do it through recovery of Federal loans. And recovery----    Mr. Counihan. As appropriate as in at the appropriate time.    Mr. Counihan. But--no, not necessarily. And as I mentioned, the vast majority of these CO-OPs still are in runout, which means that their claims, their incurred but unreported claims still need to be paid.    Mr. Counihan. Correct.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, these are small businesses. They're small businesses in the health insurance business. This can very much depend on a month-by-month basis. So----    Mr. Counihan. The moneys that have been--that we have have been obligated already to those businesses. Those businesses right now are in the process of succeeding like any other business or any other insurance company does in the State where they do business. This is a tough industry, as you very well know. It's very tough to be a small business and it's tough to be a small health insurance company. I used to work for one, so I can tell you that.    But we're doing everything that we can to collaborate with the State divisions of insurance, and with the CO-OPs to make them successful.    Mr. Counihan. So, sir, if you look at the history of new entrants in health insurance, typically, at least half of them or so have a hard time making it. So this is not inconsistent with the industry.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.    Mr. Counihan. So profitability very much can depend on the month.    Mr. Counihan. It depends on the month, sir.    Mr. Counihan. Yes.    Mr. Counihan. I can't tell you that.    Mr. Counihan. The claims data that we have right now----    Mr. Counihan. --it's typically through May. You know, we've got actuarially certified data through the second quarter. You know, we're trying--actually, we get that in August. We're trying to do our best to keep up, as we are with the State divisions of insurance, but when you're a small carrier like this, it very much depends on the claims you get for that month.    Mr. Counihan. Well, so, can I give you another perspective on that?    Mr. Counihan. So another perspective on that is that because of these CO-OPs, we've been able to give people more choice. Because of the CO-OPs we've been able to enhance competition in these States. Because of these CO-OPs we have been able to innovate. Many of these new CO-OPs have come up with new care management models that are being replicated by some of their larger competitors. So there's been all sorts of dynamics.    Mr. Counihan. But, sir, there's a variety of different reasons that lead to the expenses in a health insurance company. Care management models are things that can help migrate between sizes of firms and profitability of firms. So I'm giving you three examples of where they've added specific value.    Mr. Counihan. Well, could I--if I could just give you some examples for that, because----    Mr. Counihan. Okay. I've got a deep history in this industry. Often, insurers that came into this market were making some assumptions about the utilization and the morbidity of the new enrollees. What we're finding is some of those assumptions and old care management tools have been less appropriate to this new population than those that innovated and created new ones. And so many right now, issuers, are retooling based on looking at new models.    Mr. Counihan. Sir----    Mr. Counihan. I am familiar with the request, yes.    Mr. Counihan. Sir, a couple of things. One is, I know that we've already sent thousands of pages in response. Number two is, to the extent that there are requested documents that are confidential that could put any of these businesses at risk--and again, I used to work for one.    Mr. Counihan. We have made those available in camera. They remain that way, but we can't have those divulged publicly or those businesses----    Mr. Counihan. That's understood. But we have a fiduciary responsibility to these firms, as I'm sure you can appreciate.    Mr. Counihan. Yeah.