    Ms. Shotwell. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cooper, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before this committee today. In addition to my opening statement, I have prepared a detailed written statement which I have submitted for the record.    Mr. Chairman, every day I go to work with the best and the brightest engineers, technicians, and support staff in the world, over 4,000 of them now, and I can tell you that they are prepared to support our Nation's most critical launches. Those who say that U.S. engineers can't compete or that continued foreign reliance is the only way forward are wrong.    The SpaceX mission from day one has been to leverage American innovation and technical know-how to provide the most reliable space launch systems in history. We seek to serve the Nation by offering these systems for national security launches.    To date, the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle has flown successfully 16 consecutive times for a sophisticated array of U.S. Government and commercial customers, including the Air Force. I am highly confident that the Falcon 9 will be certified for the Air Force's EELV-class missions by June of this year.    Later this year we intend to fly the Falcon Heavy, which will double the lift capability of any rocket currently flying. We believe that this vehicle, which has a great commonality with the current Falcon 9, can be certified in relatively short order.    The subcommittee's hearing today on assured access is timely. National policy law rightly calls for two completely independent launch systems that can lift the full spectrum of national security payloads. Due to the common upper stage engines flown between Atlas and Delta, Russian reliance, and only one heavy-lift rocket, we do not have assured access today.    Even without assured access, the cost of the EELV program has become unsustainable. According to the GAO , the price per EELV launch has quadrupled, from $100 to nearly $400 million.    But I want to focus my testimony today on what I believe to be constructive solutions to achieve assured access.    First, the United States does not need more Russian engines to get national security space payloads to orbit with the Falcon 9 and the Delta, both all-American rockets, available. The notion of a capability gap is just not true.    It is noteworthy that the head of Russia's space enterprise, Dmitry Rogozin, has publicly stated that funds received from the United States for the RD-180 is free money that goes to the Russian missile program. How do we justify buying more and funding the Russian military?    Second, continue to pursue a policy of assured access through genuine competition between multiple qualified providers with redundant, truly dissimilar launch vehicle systems.    Third, eliminate the costly, inefficient, and ineffective launch capabilities contract to the incumbent. In the meantime, these subsidies must be accounted for if you are to have true and real competition.    Finally, Congress can structure engine development efforts to maximize smart investment. Government money is best spent against unique government mission requirements that otherwise would not be developed by a commercial provider.    Mr. Chairman, again, thank you. As a nation, we stand on the cusp of having real competition for national security space launches. SpaceX, with our all-American Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy, looks forward to contributing to the Nation's assured access to space.    I am pleased to address any questions that you have.    Ms. Shotwell. Absolutely.    Ms. Shotwell. I have no concern about the recent----    Ms. Shotwell. Oh. I am sorry. I am sorry, sir.    The terms of that agreement are basically governed by the Court. And so we have no say whatsoever.    Ms. Shotwell. I don't object. I am sorry. No.    Ms. Shotwell. Competition drives prices. Importantly, it drives quality of service as well. If you are truly competing against a real competitor, you are going to ensure that you have a quality product, you have a quality service, at the best possible price.    Ms. Shotwell. Absolutely I do.    Ms. Shotwell. Yes, sir, I do. But there is many ways to achieve competition. There is also many ways to make vehicles cost-effective.    When we produce more Falcon 9s, the vehicle cost decreases. If you were to increase the number of Delta vehicles that you produce every year, the price of the Delta would come down. Certainly the cost of the Delta would come down.    Ms. Shotwell. I believe it would take work on the part of ULA, but I believe that is their job.    Ms. Shotwell. I think it is important to note that the Atlas does not have a heavy configuration and that the heaviest NRO satellites must fly on the Delta IV Heavy, which is of the Delta line.    Ms. Shotwell. So, obviously, I don't understand the intricacies of the ULA business. However, I do see the Delta IV vehicle flying and flying successfully, the Delta Heavy vehicle flying and flying successfully.    And so, with a Falcon 9 single core, which is comparable to a Delta IV, and then the Falcon Heavy, which we will bring on-line and be certified in time for competition in 2018, then you have two completely independent, dissimilar vehicle families, both from medium-lift all the way through heavy-lift.    Ms. Shotwell. I don't agree completely. No. I don't agree with the term substantial reimbursement of costs. In fact, if you were to take the billion dollars a year that they get and spread that over the average 8 to 10 missions they do per year, you know, that is $100 to $125 million per launch.    It is my understanding that the payback--and I don't have his contract, I don't have access to his contract--is substantially less than that, possibly on the order of 10 or 15 percent of that cost.    Ms. Shotwell. I appreciate the question.    Mr. Musk had a concern about a particular procurement officer and his choice of job after leaving service. And I am sure, if there was any evidence that led to there actually being some issues with that particular choice of job, that this committee would have investigated and cleared it up.    However, I do want to state that the relationship with the Air Force and SpaceX has been extremely good. We have been working shoulder to shoulder on the certification process. It was a little slow to get going last year. But, by November, December timeframe, we were operating at an incredible pace and we just couldn't get it done by December. But I anticipate certification of the Falcon 9 launch vehicle upcoming here shortly.    Ms. Shotwell. What I am saying is his particular concern doesn't seem to have been borne out. He was just raising a concern.    Ms. Shotwell. Yes, sir.    Ms. Shotwell. Congressman, actually, there was a competition, and SpaceX and Orbital Sciences----    Ms. Shotwell. So the competition for the cargo resupply missions included pricing for out-year missions. And so, fundamentally, when we initially competed for that initial CRS awards, there were prices for out-year missions. So NASA has the ability to look at Orbital's prices, has the ability to look at SpaceX's prices----    Ms. Shotwell. No. We competed and we won.    Ms. Shotwell. We buy the aluminum from Constellium.    Ms. Shotwell. No, it is not.    Ms. Shotwell. We have one particular box, a GPS receiver. All-American is by percentage. And this vehicle is 99 percent American.    Ms. Shotwell. I am unaware of that.    Ms. Shotwell. So I am not quite sure where you got that percentage.    Ms. Shotwell. Compared to----    Ms. Shotwell. My price compared to----    Ms. Shotwell. Mr. Bruno?    Ms. Shotwell. Okay. So, obviously, I don't have access to what Mr. Bruno charges per launch. However, he did receive a block buy for 28 missions for $11 billion. So that, to me, sounds like about $400 million per mission.    And I believe the GAO has found price per launch of about those numbers. So if the average price for a ULA mission is $400 million, the average price for a SpaceX Falcon 9 launch commercial is $60 million.    The government buys launch slightly differently from my commercial customers, and they add requirements and additional technical. So I would say an average price to the DOD for a Falcon 9 launch would be on the order of $80 to $90 million.    Now, to be fair, my Falcon Heavy is more expensive than the single-core Falcon 9. The average price for a Falcon Heavy to the U.S. Government would be on the order of $150 to $160 million.    So an overall average price to the U.S. Government, if I were to split Heavies with single-core Falcon 9s, is on the order of 120 or so million dollars per flight. So, from that math, I see that my prices are 25 percent of what the ULA prices are.    Ms. Shotwell. It is hard for me to say. I don't know how to build a $400-million rocket. So the more difficult question would be--instead how am I less expensive than ULA, I don't understand how ULA is as expensive as they are.    The next most expensive launch vehicle is the Ariane 5, produced by Europe. And though they have brilliant technology and fine engineers, it is not a particularly efficient economy. And the Ariane 5, which enjoys a similar success record--approximately similar success record, is about half the cost of a ULA launch.    Ms. Shotwell. So SpaceX did not start out thinking that we would build the majority of this rocket ourselves. And we do actually build the majority of this rocket. We build our tanks. We build our engines. We write our software. We build our launch sites. We write our ground-control software. We build our fairings.    So we build this rocket in the United States. Granted, there might be some raw materials purchased elsewhere. But this is an American rocket built by American hands and technicians.    And though we didn't necessarily start out that way, there were a number of critical technologies that we would not allow another company to build for us, and that was propulsion technology. We needed to own it because it is a critical part. It drives the vehicle design, and it can drive schedule as well.    So though President Putin might be supplying RD-180s right now, that is not a guaranteed supply chain to ULA. Even if the ban on additional RD-180s were to move forward, how do you know that he isn't going to pull the supply chain of those engines?    As a matter of fact, Dmitry Rogozin did threaten to do that. So we found it critically important. Propulsion is critically important to the vehicle, and we felt that we, SpaceX, had to build that engine ourselves.    Ms. Shotwell. We have a contract with NASA to fly that. Yes.    Ms. Shotwell. The contract for the Jason-3 mission this summer I believe was $63 million.    Ms. Shotwell. We just received a contract from NASA to launch the test payload in 2017 or 2018. And I actually don't know the value of that contract. I am guessing--and I will follow up with the committee--on the order of $75 million for that.    In addition, I do have a contract with NASA for cargo resupply, which is Falcon 9 and the Dragon spacecraft mission, to serve the International Space Station with cargo both up and down.    Ms. Shotwell. It was $1.6 billion initially for 12 flights, and we were recently awarded 3 additional missions. On the average of about $150 million per mission.    Ms. Shotwell. I appreciate the question, actually. This is a very important topic.    So ULA, through the EELV launch capabilities contract, receives this amount of money every year whether they launch or not. Their fixed costs are covered. My fixed costs are only covered because of what I charge on a per-mission basis. So if I am not launching, my fixed costs are not covered. So they are very different, very different, mechanisms to contract.    With no competition, which ULA has enjoyed since 2006, it doesn't matter whether you have a part that is firm-fixed price and a part that is not firm-fixed price that costs less. But when there is competition, they can sell their launch vehicles for the marginal cost of that launch vehicle because their fixed costs are already paid for by the Department of Defense.    Ms. Shotwell. That is correct.    Ms. Shotwell. That is correct.    Ms. Shotwell. Absolutely. The Falcon 9 has demonstrated incredible reliability. We are 100 percent primary mission success with the earlier version of Falcon 9 as well as this upgraded version of Falcon 9.    I want to clarify a little bit. The path that we chose for certification required three flights, plus data, plus engineering review boards, which are basically design reviews of every subsystem, plus audits of our launch site, our quality systems, our management systems, and our systems engineering.    So I just wanted to be clear that it was more than just the three flights. It was the three flights plus all the additional activity.    Ms. Shotwell. Largely the same rocket. We don't fly a fairing when we fly a Dragon capsule to the International Space Station, but it is fundamentally the same first stage, with the exception of recoverability and reusability pieces. But, fundamentally, the same first stage.    Ms. Shotwell. Well, it depends on how the Air Force decides to determine how much of the ELC should be allocated to any competed mission. I can't say in advance of reading the request for proposal, but I do anticipate a draft in the next month or so.    Ms. Shotwell. That is not my understanding at all. We have never sought nor accepted ELC funding.    Ms. Shotwell. I hope I understand your question.    Ms. Shotwell. Okay. All right.    Ms. Shotwell. Before I answer the question, I do want to note that SpaceX and the Air Force are working very closely. They are working very hard and we are working very hard, shoulder to shoulder, to get this vehicle certified to help fix this assured access to space issue. So let's make sure that that is very clear.    The surprise that we had in December was that the mode that we were operating in with respect to dealing with open items, it looked like we were going to be able to resolve open items after certification--some open items after certification. I think the Air Force believed in December that they did not want to certify with any open items. And so kind of the practice that we had been following did not--basically, did not bear out.    However, we have a great understanding with the Air Force right now. We continue to work on certification. And I would like to be clear. The certification process that we are undergoing right now, which SpaceX is going through, we are not being paid by the Air Force to go through, and ULA had a very different and a much easier certification process when they were new with their rockets.    So we are working very closely with the Air Force on the certification. And the certification fundamentally addresses all of the issues that one would address right up until a flight-readiness review, which occurs just a week or so before launch.    So not only are we, by going through this certification process, being certified as a provider or maybe even the launch vehicle design, but, fundamentally, we are being certified as if we were going to be flying in a week or two.    And, normally, when you do an Air Force contract, you receive a contract and then you fly that mission 2 or 3 years later. So all I am trying to say is it is an incredibly rigorous certification process.    Ms. Shotwell. Sixty percent of SpaceX launches are commercial.    Ms. Shotwell. As a responsible launch service provider, we basically build our own launch pads. We maintain our own launch pads. We maintain all our infrastructure, and all of the costs of that are rolled into the per-mission price for each launch. So it is covered.    Ms. Shotwell. No. Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy could carry out all the missions----    Ms. Shotwell. That is correct. As a matter of fact, the comment that the Falcon Heavy is less capable than the Delta IV heavy is patently untrue.    Ms. Shotwell. I don't understand why ULA can't focus and determine how to make the Delta IV more competitive.    Ms. Shotwell. I have not seen Delta IV prices, so if they stop Delta IV, I guess we would compete with the Atlas, hopefully with an American engine.    Ms. Shotwell. There are international launch service providers that could----    Ms. Shotwell. Ariane 5 or Arianespace, and the Proton Launch Vehicle through ILS .    Ms. Shotwell. Well, I don't think the National Security Committee----    Ms. Shotwell. That is correct. We will demonstrate that later this year, the plan.    Ms. Shotwell. That is okay. I expected it.    Ms. Shotwell. So I will try to be quick. I know----    Ms. Shotwell. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that.    So first of all, we did deemphasize the Falcon Heavy development after I made that remark, because we wanted to focus on the single-stick or the single-core Falcon 9. It was a choice that we could make, largely because the customers that we have for the Heavy were really going to start in mid-2016. So, we had more time than we originally thought. We did have a contracted mission through the Air Force, the STP-2 mission and that was originally going to fly in December of 2015. However, thankfully, my customer moved that flight out, which gave me more time to both focus on the Falcon 9 and its reliability, of which we have done a great job of flying that with 100 percent mission success, and then I could delay the Falcon Heavy.    Ms. Shotwell. Yes.    Ms. Shotwell. Actually, we started the certification process----    Ms. Shotwell. We started the certification process for Falcon 9, basically got going, in April of 2014, and we are going to finish in about June--by June of 2015. So, I believe--and by the way, the Air Force has really participated and leaned forward heavily on this--with lots of emphasis, I believe that the Heavy can be certified in 14 to 16 months.    Ms. Shotwell. So, we have DCAA auditors doing manufacturing audits for us right now, and we have provided the Air Force and other government customers with our costs, and our costs have been audited. Our rates have certainly been audited.    Ms. Shotwell. No, we have DCAA auditors in the plant right now.