    Mr. Lamborn. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this hearing. And, Director Salerno, thank you for being here today.    This week Secretary Jewell said that offshore drilling is safe, especially under the Federal reforms that have been put into place since Macondo. Do you agree with her statement?    Mr. Lamborn. No, I am glad to hear that. But is it safe?    Mr. Lamborn. Now, I imagine that the reforms will carry forward into all of the new areas that this committee hopes to see developed in the coming years, such as the Arctic and the Atlantic. Is it your belief that offshore exploration and development can be done safely in the Arctic and the Atlantic?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you. I would like to touch on two of your most recently proposed regulations, the Arctic Rule and the Well Containment Rule. The Well Containment Rule focuses on the high pressure and high temperature environment of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. And, from what I know, the areas put forward for Arctic development are in a low pressure, low temperature, and shallow water environment. How would these rules work together, or work in tandem with two very different environments?    Mr. Lamborn. And does the Arctic Rule include provisions for a second ship to be available to start drilling a relief well, in case there is a problem?    Mr. Lamborn. How long would it take to start and finish drilling a relief well, if such a thing were necessary?    Mr. Lamborn. So you don't think there are better ways, faster ways, of tackling the issue than what would take up to 45 days with a second drilling rig doing a relief well?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, thank you. Also, my understanding is that the comment period is going to be limited to 60 days, which, to me, sounds like a very short time. What are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Lamborn. Well, I would ask you to consider that, because these are very technical, as you know. And that additional time could be useful to the people wanting to make comments.    OK, thank you. I appreciate that. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the Subcommittee Chairman for those questions.    Turning to Mr. Grijalva, I realize you already have the monitor aimed toward you. You are taking over here. Do you have questions?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. For either Ms. Hopkins, Mr. Williams, or Mr. Coatney, does the proposed well control rule create additional cost and bureaucratic red tape that is either, one, unnecessary, or two, would lead to the loss of future production?    Mr. Lamborn. Either one of you two gentlemen want to comment on that? Mr. Williams or Mr. Coatney?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, thank you. Now, in the last 5 years, what did industry do on a voluntary basis, in addition to what the regulators in our government did to create more safety?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you. And last, how do our safety standards compare to other countries that allow drilling off their coasts in the Atlantic, such as Mexico, Canada, Brazil, or even Cuba?    Mr. Lamborn. Would either one of you other gentlemen, Mr. Williams or Mr. Coatney, want to comment on that?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, thank you very much.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Huffman.