    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Attorney General, in my district there is quite a large number of law-abiding gun owners who also happen to be hunters. I can't tell you how many times I've heard complaints from those hunters about the availability of ammunition, especially at the start of deer season. As you may know, hunters are being forced to use alternative nonlead ammunition because manufacturers can't make brass or steel core ammunition for.30-06 a .270 deer hunting rifle unless they get a waiver saying it's primarily intended for sporting purposes and that waiver has to come from the Attorney General.    Now, in the last 4 years there have been at least 32 petitions that have been submitted by manufacturers seeking that designation. Not a single one of those petitions has been granted. But what really begs an explanation, I think, is that in the last 4 years not a single response has been sent to any manufacturer with regard to those petitions.    So my question to you is a two-part question. Why haven't those been responded to, and when can a response be expected?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    I'm not aware of the requests that you have noted. But I thank you for raising them and I would like the opportunity to look into that matter and provide you some information.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, so can you tell me in the last 4 years have you discussed the existence of those petitions with anyone at the Department of Justice?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, certainly for the last 4 years in my prior position as U.S. attorney for Brooklyn, that matter would not have been within my purview. And as I indicated, while I'm not aware of the situation now, I'd appreciate the opportunity to speak to with your staff and provide you with some information.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, are you aware, though, that there is a statute, 18 U.S.C. 921, which says that it is--it says, ``Which the Attorney General finds is primarily intended to be used for sporting purposes.'' So do you understand that it is your responsibility to make that designation?    Attorney General Lynch. Yes, it is certainly included in the panoply of responsibilities for the Office of the Attorney General.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. So do you have any explanation for why there hasn't been any response at all in the last 4 years to folks making petitions to the United States Department of Justice?    Attorney General Lynch. Happy to look into that and provide information to you on that.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, let me then turn to another troubling issue. As the Nation's top law enforcement official, I want to get your reaction to a growing antipolice sentiment and actions of certain public groups out there in this country. I'm hoping that you'll agree with me--I am also a former United States attorney, I took the same oath that you did--I'm hoping that you'll agree with me that police officers and law enforcement are an important part of the backbone of our criminal justice system. And in fact I would hope that you'd agree with me that the work that they do is vital to your ability as the Attorney General and to the thousands of lawyers that work for at the Department of Justice to be able to prosecute violations of law. We can agree on that.    Attorney General Lynch. I would call them essential, Congressman.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Right. Well, with that in mind, what is the status of your investigation into Karla Dobinski?    Attorney General Lynch. Can you give me some context for the question?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Sure. Let me refresh your recollection. Karla Dobinski was the DOJ taint lawyer for the New Orleans police officers that were charged in connection with shooting of civilians in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. And as you know, Madam Attorney General, the role of the taint officer is to make sure that the constitutional rights of police officers are protected from the disclosure of privileged information.    Now, it was subsequently established in Federal court that rather than protecting those police officers, Ms. Dobinski, who was a DOJ deputy chief, actually rather than protecting their constitutional rights went online to anonymously leak evidence from the case and to mock the actual defendant police officers that she was supposed to be protecting. Now, the Federal judge in that case called it reckless, he called it wanton, and a new term that I'd not heard, he called it grotesque misconduct and found that she had personally fanned the flames of those burning to see the defendants convicted.    So the reason I raise this is 10 months ago at your confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee you deferred answering questions from Chairman Grassley until you could fully investigate the matter of Ms. Dobinski. But you responded to his questions in writing by stating, ``If confirmed, I will commit to ensuring that the Department holds accountable any employees who are found to have committed misconduct.'' And so please, please tell me that you have in fact done as you promised and you've held Ms. Dobinski accountable for that outrageous conduct.    Attorney General Lynch. So, Congressman, my understanding of the matter, to the extent that I'm aware of the specifics of it, is that the matter was referred and reviewed by our Office of Professional Responsibility and that the Department followed the applicable civil service laws in conjunction with that. But I don't have further specifics on that for you.    Mr. Ratcliffe. So can you tell me whether or not Ms. Dobinski, who engaged in the conduct of trying to help convict the defendants she was sworn to protect, can you tell me whether or not she's still employed at the Department of Justice?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, it would seem to me, beg the Chairman's indulgence here, with the appalling targeting of the police that's going on in this country right now, I hope that that's not the message that you want to send to the brave men and women that wear the uniform to protect us. If police officers and other law enforcement officials can't count on the top Federal law enforcement official to back them up, who can they count on?    Thank you for being here.    I yield back.