    Mr. Pruitt. Chairman Kline, Representative Scott, and members of the committee, I would like to thank you for inviting me to testify today on the recent efforts to implement the Every Student Succeeds Act.    As chief State school officer for the Commonwealth of Kentucky, I am excited about the future of education in our State under this new law, any opportunity to build on the significant progress that Kentucky has made to date.    We have already started that work by engaging on a broad spectrum of education stakeholders. We have held 11 regional town hall meetings and one virtual town hall with a total participation in excess of 3,000 people.    Kentuckians have told us what they value in their schools and how they define schools' success. We have listened and we are using those comments to shape our work under the ESSA.    The alterative promised by the ESSA is a welcomed departure from the prescriptive nature of No Child Left Behind and I appreciate the continued focus on closing the achievement gaps.    In Kentucky, we are working to move all children to higher levels of learning while also determining the root cause of achievement gaps which we believe stem from opportunity gaps and access to rigorous, high-quality learning opportunities. I commend the U.S. Department of Education for its quick response in drafting regulations and releasing them in a timely manner for public comment, but when one examines these regulations, they contain so many restrictions and requirements, State choices remain severely limited.    The proposed regulations stifle creativity, innovation, and sovereignty of States to govern their own education policies. Additionally, the volume of complex regulations are in direct opposition to Kentuckians' desire for a simple system that provides a broad view of scope performance.    Implementing a new accountability system is a monumental task. Despite our best efforts, I am concerned about the timeline and the State's ability to implement a new quality system that takes full advantage of ESSA.    While we understand accountability under the new law would start at the beginning of 2017-2018, the proposed regulations would require using data available in 2016-2017 generated under the current accountability system to identify schools for comprehensive support and improvement, possibly even prior to U.S. Ed's approval of the new system. As a result, schools will not accurately be identified.    We would suggest continuing the support, the concurrent priority schools, through the 2017-2018 school year and identifying new schools for the 2018-2019 school year based on the measures of the new system.    I believe that is the intent of ESSA. While the proposed regulations claim to replace NCOB's narrow definition of school success, requiring a single summative score goes beyond what the statute calls for.    The proposed regulations limit States' ability to take a dashboard approach which is broader, fairer, and a more accurate representation of school performance and more likely to lead to school improvement.    In Kentucky, we found that a summative score leads to ranking and creates an unhealthy sense of competition rather than collaboration that supports school improvement. We also found in some instances it becomes more about adults chasing points and trying to game the system to manage the appearance of performance, rather than actual performance.    Finally, I am concerned that the U.S. Ed's recent regulatory proposal in Title I supplement not supplant will exceed the statutory authority under ESSA and will promote harmful consequences for students. So when the Department publishes its proposed rule of supplement not supplant, I urge you to review it closely and encourage that it informs and conforms to congressional intent and avoids the unintended negative consequence promoted by the Department's earlier proposals in this area.    There are many other points in the proposed regulations that I have addressed in my written comments and that Kentucky will be addressing in its formal comments submitted to U.S. Ed. Now more than ever, what States need to implement ESSA is honest two-way communication, consistency, and to be trusted to make good decisions.    We need a commonsense approach that supports a quality system of assessments, accountability, and school improvement measures that will be implemented with fidelity and will promote doing what is right for students. However, a compliance mentality prevails.    For example, even though our NCOB waiver allows Kentucky to give a no reference test in science, recently U.S. Ed told us that the science test was not aligned with the current--required to give a science test not aligned with current academic standards and the poor performance levels that are not truly reflective of student learning or we must face consequences in order to meet the compliance element.    I could not in good conscience comply with this and as a result, we have been placed on condition for our Title I, Part A, and IDEA Part B Federal fiscal year 2016 grant awards all because we wanted to do what was right for students and not waste money on a meaningless test.    We have now quality tests that are scheduled to be implemented in the same year as the ESSA. Kentucky is committed to fully realizing the congressional intent of ESSA.    If this is all true and this represents a new day in education for America, States must have the support to take action based on quality and what is best for students and move away from compliance mentality.    The Commonwealth of Kentucky looks forward to revised regulations that empower States with the freedom to plan, innovate, design, and implement quality education systems that will ensure opportunities for all students and promote the pillars of equity, achievement, integrity within the education policy in Kentucky.    As a final reminder, quality implementation is critical and I would remind you that no great education initiative ever failed in the vision stage. It failed in the implementation stage.    Mr. Pruitt. I was.    Mr. Pruitt. I think it would be fair to say that his interpretation of some of his regs are different than ours. I think--    Mr. Pruitt. Ours in Kentucky in particular. Of course, we have been supported by the Council of Chief State School Officers as well.    We have had a lot of conversations but for us around the accountability in particular, it is easy to say, of course, 2017-2018 will be the first year because that is what ESSA requires. However, actually the fact that we have to identify schools in 2016-2017 for 2017-2018 means that you actually are perpetuating the old system for at least another year.    We in Kentucky actually have two schools that because they were caught in that same issue when our waiver went through, we have two schools that are at the same time listed in our top 5 percent and bottom 5 percent because the systems were significantly enough different. And what it does is it creates a distrust of the system itself which means that people really do not pay attention and we do not see the kind of movement that we really need to see.    Mr. Pruitt. Absolutely not. My kids are my kids.    Mr. Pruitt. So I would say to your second question first, the reason I am in support of a dashboard is that it actually allows us to desegregate what I would consider school behavior, so we disaggregated student achievement in the past with No Child Left Behind and that was absolutely fantastic. In doing so, we allowed schools to sort of hide other things, in particular not guaranteeing a whole, well-rounded education for all students. So for me, the dashboard allows us to actually take a look across.    And I realize that with our school report cards we have had extra data other than the summative score, but in Kentucky, people do not look past the summative score. They look at that and sure they can say you are better than 80 percent of the other schools, but what is it about that really means that you need to be improving?    And for me, a dashboard really casts a spotlight on assuring that we are actually focusing on the right things. It is more of a laser-like focus to ensure that we actually see improvement as opposed to a scattershot approach. As to the bottom 5 percent, this is where I think the States actually meet that opportunity for us to be able to make that determination.    For us, I have got 166 people on eight different committees who are focused on building a completely new system. And part of that is us determining how we would actually identify that bottom 5 percent in a way that holds people's feet to the fire, that ensures that kids are going to graduate literate, numerate, and that they have a well-rounded education. But, at the same time, I think that we are at a point, in Kentucky anyway, where we need a little bit more of an innovative way to do it than just simply applying numbers to it.    Mr. Pruitt. Yeah, absolutely. We have to protect our students that are most vulnerable, but we also need our diplomas to mean something.    I do not want to ever have a child walk a stage in Kentucky and get a diploma that is not even worth the paper it is printed on, so we are going to work really hard with our special ed community, our exceptional children community, our civilized community to put some pretty hard places in there to say this is exactly what we are expecting with these diplomas.    We will work really closely with our districts, but we are going to do our level best to ensure that nobody can game the system in such a way that the adult gets the benefit when the student does not.    Mr. Pruitt. Well, in the old system actually they were in the priority, they were in the bottom 5. And so because of the exit criteria, they had to stay in that going into the new system, so those two systems overlapped in such a way that they did not allow a reset button or a refresh button if you will. So under the new system where there was a much greater view of quality of the programs and not just the achievement, but actually the quality of the programs, what we found was that these schools are actually some of our best performers when you look at them in a broader range of criteria, so as a result they are stuck.    Now, they will probably come off of the priority list in the next year, but because they were stuck there to start within the old system, it really just created a sense of distrust in that system by the fact that when you look at any list from Kentucky, you see these schools as distinguished and as priority.    Mr. Pruitt. Sure. So we decided early that the thing that we had to do was be out in the field. If we really wanted to develop a system that reflected the values of Kentuckians, I need to go listen to Kentuckians. I cannot make good decisions sitting in Frankfurt. It is one of the reasons that I think it is important that States have the authority to do this because you cannot make those decisions in Washington. So we had 11 town halls and all of our town halls, we never had less than about 200 and we had over 300 in several cases, so we had well over 3,000 people that showed up to these. We had parents, teachers, superintendents, local board members, legislators, community members, civil rights members that came and told us what they valued in the education system, so we took that.    We videoed each one, we took notes on each one, we have posted those up for everybody to be able to see.    Mr. Pruitt. We learned that Kentuckians want a simple system that makes clear what performance is and not the appearance of performance. We learned that the education of the whole child must be critical and not just focused on math and reading.    We learned that we have got to cut down on competition between our districts and embraced the idea of our children our Commonwealth so that we actually perpetuate a system where the districts are willing to work together to ensure kids get what they need as opposed to I have to better than you for me to get my better writing.    Mr. Pruitt. Great question. Workforce is inextricably linked to education, and so I think we are very lucky in our State that we have a governor who, in our legislature, who is very focused with the workforce and that is an area of mind that I have a particular interest in as well.    One of the things we like about the regs is that they do give career and technical education. It is just we are actually recognizing it as a major portion of our students' educational experience. I think we are recognizing that simply graduating from high school is not enough. There should not be a terminal degree or diploma.    We actually need to be training students to be able to go--whether they go into university or 2-year technical college or directly into the career workforce, we have to provide all those opportunities laid out for students and do a good job counseling them.    We have had a great relationship with our cabinet workforce and education in that we are working with our Kentucky Workforce Innovation Board to actually have the business community tell us so that we can actually develop pathways for specific jobs that are needed in the different regions of Kentucky, So as we work with our KWIB, we are actually asking now, which of these pathways are important, so that we can attract better business to our communities. Because we actually have a workforce that is able to meet the needs because we are not just randomly giving career tech credit, we are actually focused on getting the credit that is necessary to be able to fill the job needs.    Mr. Pruitt. I think, I mentioned this earlier, I think some of his interpretations of what are in the regs are different than our interpretations; ``ours'' being Kentuckians. I really do not think that he sees the timeline issue the same way we do. Having the conflation between 2016-2017 identification and 2017-2018, he mentioned that 2017-2018 was a planning year, which was new to me. I had not heard that before. My understanding was that 2017-2018 was the year that you started.    If it is a plan year, then I think maybe we can have a little bit more time to actually engage more stakeholders and build a better system, but maybe I missed that part. But for me, that was a bit of news, so maybe I have to go back and reread, but the way I understand it is actually they have accelerated it. And in my opinion, the current regs would actually cause the current system to actually stay in place because it limits my ability to be innovative. It limits my ability to be able to do something special.