    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Having served in Iraq with the United States Marine Corps, the only thing--you know, I walked away opposed to the stability operations, or what we used to call nation building, but now I have concluded that the only thing worse than that is doing regime change without a follow-on stability operation or nation building, and that is what we have today in Libya. And I am just very concerned that the vacuum that has been created through regime change has given a real anchor for ISIS or for these extremist groups to operate out of.    To what extent do you see them moving out of Raqqa in Syria and over to Libya?    General Stewart. The specifics of any forces, ISIL forces, moving to Libya, I think we should talk about in a closed hearing.    Mr. Coffman. Okay.    General Stewart. However, the Libyan branch of ISIL is the most capable and the next most dangerous branch of the ISIL enterprise.    Mr. Coffman. Okay. What I saw when I was in Iraq in 2005-2006 was that the Sunni Arabs felt pushed out of the Baghdad government, the Shia-dominated Baghdad government. And I think it is hard for us to understand, but they have such a vertically integrated form of government, that all the decisions really come out of Baghdad. I mean, there is no revenue at the local or the provincial level, and so when you use the term ``pushed out of the government,'' it is far more significant than anything that we can comprehend here. And that the Kurds had insisted on a provision in their constitution whereby they could form the semiautonomous regions. And when we look at where ISIS was able to come into Iraq and easily take over areas, they were all the Sunni-dominated areas of Iraq. And I would hope that we could push our government to try and influence the Baghdad government to allow this formation of a semiautonomous region in a post-ISIS Iraq, but going to where we are right now, it would seem that we are making gains in pushing back the ISIS in Iraq. We have certainly just taken Ramadi, albeit probably destroyed it, take it.    Where do you see--what is the prognosis for Mosul right now?    General Stewart. I think every effort is being made to get after Mosul this year. As you know, urban operations is complex, it is fought in multiple dimensions. So isolating Mosul is the first step, whether or not the Iraqi Security Forces are ready to go in and systematically clear an urban environment, a large urban environment. I don't believe that they have the capability. They will need a significant amount of help from coalition partners. I don't know that they will ask for that help. So I am not as optimistic about seizing and clearing Mosul in this year, as I have read recently. We can begin the operations, we can begin to isolate, we can do some of the preparatory work, but securing, taking, and securing Mosul in the next 8 to 10 months is not something I am seeing in my crystal ball.    Mr. Coffman. Okay. Lastly, and this is to both of you, and that is, when I look at ISIS, they have maybe three streams of revenue coming in: one is through contributions from radical Islamists throughout the Islamic world; the second one is industries that they have taken over, whether petroleum or cement; and then the third is their ability to tax economic activity in the areas that they govern. To what extent have we compromised those three sources of revenue?    General Stewart. I think we have made a pretty significant dent in their oil revenues by targeting some of the transport. I think we have done significant dent in their cash reserves by striking some of those targets. The taxing of locals, I am not sure how successful we have been.    And your third area was?    Mr. Coffman. Well, I think contributions coming----    General Stewart. Contributions.    Mr. Coffman. Yeah. I think as long as they are seen as ascendant, that money is going to flow. And I think the fact that we have reversed some of that perception, I think, has been helpful.    General Stewart. Reversing the ascendency will reduce the amount of support, external support, that they get.    Mr. Coffman. General.    General Marrs. The only thing I would add is that success, I think, against both the oil infrastructure and the banking facilities is a result of just some excellent Intel Community collaboration.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Let me just touch on a couple things right quick. Afghanistan, we haven't talked about. To what extent do you believe that a significant terrorist threat to the United States would re-form in Afghanistan without constant pressure being applied against it, whether that be Al Qaeda or ISIS?    General Stewart. There is no doubt in my mind that if there is not constant pressure on either ISIL in the Uruzgan Province or remnants of Al Qaeda, that they will continue to pursue targeting U.S. and Western interests from safe havens in Afghanistan.    The Chairman. Okay. General Marrs, do you have a different view?    General Marrs. No, sir.    The Chairman. Okay. Press reports indicate that an ISIS operative was captured, and hopefully, of course, he will be interrogated. My question is have interrogations been a significant source of intelligence that have helped prevent terrorist attacks in the past, and has that source of intelligence diminished in recent years?    General Stewart. Interrogation, as I understand it from the Army Field Manual, which is about establishing a rapport with the detainee so that you can get truly valuable intelligence, has worked. I don't know if I can quantify how much it has prevented terrorist activity, but that type of technique works, it gets good insights that lead to other operatives, it gives us insights into how the network operates. So there is value there, and ultimately that could prevent terrorist activity.    The, quote, enhanced interrogation techniques are a guarantee of having a detainee tell you what they want--what you want to hear in order to stop the pain.    The Chairman. Really what I was getting at is we hadn't been doing much questioning, because we hadn't had many captures in recent years. Isn't that right?    General Stewart. So you may have noticed an uptick in special operations intended to capture, interrogate, and gather materials that will give us greater insights into the network, and I think that will pay dividends in the long term.    The Chairman. Yeah. I think a significant source of our information, we have not had in recent years, we ought to--hopefully will have it, that is part of the reason--this is not you all's issue, but we asked the administration to provide a plan on how they intend to deal with detainees that they capture in the future. It was one of the omissions in the report that we received last week.    That is all I have. Susan, do you have anything else? Okay.    Thank you both for being here. And this will conclude the open session of our hearing, and we will see you all momentarily upstairs. The hearing stands adjourned.