    Mr. Ellison. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Waters.    I want to thank each of the witnesses and your staffs for your comprehensive and insightful written testimonies. I also want to thank you for your service on the Financial Stability Oversight Counsel. We have all learned the painful reality that markets do not regulate themselves, and a nation as powerful as ours must invest in regulation and identify in response to emerging threats to our stability.    So your report, 150 pages, details the Council's unprecedented progress to protect the financial system from risk and to prevent another economic disaster from happening, which I remember very well. I wish everyone running for President would read it. Maybe then we could have folks talk about how to really understand how to protect our economy and be successful in that effort.    So my first question is to Comptroller Curry. It has been a while since you have been before the committee. I want to welcome you back. And since you are here, I want to ask you again about a topic that you and I have spoken about in the past, and that is the issue of Somali remittances.    Are financial institutions regulated by the OCC closing accounts of money services businesses serving Somalia due to compliance costs, reputational risk, inability to cover the cost, lack of clarion exams, or for other reasons?    Mr. Ellison. I just want you to know the Somali parliament--I have had a chance to talk with some of them. They are passing an anti-money laundering, antiterrorist financing law. They haven't passed it yet, but they are working on it. That is coming up. They opened up their embassy here in the United States, and I believe that the more stable that country is, the less susceptible it will be for terrorists to come and set up shop and try to operate out of there.    Mr. Ellison. Yes. Thank you.    Mr. Watt, it's always a pleasure to see you. I'm very proud of you and the work that you do. Welcome back to the committee. It must be weird to be on that side of the divide.    But anyway, I just want to say to you, the report calls for a comprehensive litigation legislation to address the conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. It also urges Congress to clarify the future role of the Federal and State Governments in mortgage markets. While Congress has not acted on any particular proposal regarding the GSEs, I am interested in what your current policies are doing to improve credit access to African-American and Latino borrowers.    I have a chart up, which I will direct your attention to. And as shown by the chart, we know that the majority of new households are going to be African-American, Latino, Pacific and Asian-Pacific American. Yet, they seem nearly shut out of the mortgage market now.    GSE loans to African-American borrowers in 2013 were about 2.2 percent, and GSE loans to Hispanic borrowers in 2013 were about 5.8 percent, both low. What policies can GSEs implement post-conservatorship to improve access to credit for African-American, Latino, and Native American borrowers that Fannie and Freddie cannot implement now?    Mr. Ellison. What can they do--what is it that might be done later that can't be done now? And I am basically asking, how do we make progress on this?    Mr. Ellison. Right.    Mr. Ellison. We will follow up--