    Mr. Forbes. We would like to welcome our witnesses today to this hearing on game-changing innovations and the future of surface warfare.    As we have previously told you, we may be interrupted with a vote. So Mr. Courtney and I both have agreed that we are just going to put our opening statements in for the record so that we can go ahead and begin and try to get all the testimony in and then hopefully get to our questions and answers.    Today joining us are two thought leaders in the area of surface warfare, Mr. Bryan McGrath, the Managing Director of the FerryBridge Group, and Mr. Jonathan Solomon, Senior Analyst, Systems Planning and Analysis, Incorporated.    And gentlemen, both of you, we appreciate you being here today.    And Bryan, it is my understanding you are going to start us off. So with that, we yield the floor to you.    First of all, Joe, did you have anything you wanted to add?    Mr. Forbes. Okay.STATEMENT OF BRYAN McGRATH, MANAGING DIRECTOR, THE FERRYBRIDGE     Mr. Forbes. Mr. Solomon.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Solomon, can you pull that a little bit closer and make sure it is turned on?    Mr. Forbes. Thank you.    Mr. McGrath, you have talked a lot about Distributed Lethality as kind of a game changer for surface fleet operations, especially with our carrier groups. There is a huge risk to that, however, though. For Distributed Lethality to work, we are going to have to distribute our force away from the carrier where we have normally used it for protection.    Two questions I have for you. Describe that risk. How do we know that that risk is worth taking? Because do we not increase the vulnerability that we would have for a carrier in that particular situation?    And the second thing is we don't get to tell the Navy how to fight, we simply help provide them resources for them to utilize when they have made those decisions. What shifts would we have to make in our resourcing if we were to move to a Distributed Lethality concept or operation of fighting?    Mr. Forbes. So let me just make one clarifying or add one clarifying question. As I hear you, you are suggesting that we are not taking away any of our defensive capabilities, we are simply adding a supplement to that, which would have offensive capabilities.    Because it was my understanding from most of the briefings that I have gotten from the Navy on Distributed Lethality that they were talking about something a little different, where they were trading off current defensive capabilities for more offensive capabilities.    But that is not the way you see Distributed Lethality?    Mr. Forbes. Okay, good.    Okay, Mr. Courtney.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Bridenstine is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. I thank the gentleman for his questions.    The gentlelady from Hawaii is recognized, Ms. Gabbard, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Conaway is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Russell is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. McGrath, Mr. Solomon, thank you so much for your testimony.    Ms. Graham has waived any questions she might have for you.    And you heard the bells, they toll for us. But we want to make sure that we have given you a last couple of minutes for any wrap-up that either of you might have before we adjourn.    Mr. McGrath.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Solomon.    Mr. Forbes. Okay.    I thank you both for being here today and for the contributions you make to the national defense of our country.    And with that, we are adjourned.