    Mr. Mulholland. Chairmen Hurd and Ratcliffe, Ranking Members Kelly and Richmond, thank you for the opportunity to testify today at this important hearing. I'm Iain Mulholland, the head of the Engineering Trust and Assurance Group at VMware, and I am our senior security engineer. VMware is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and is the fourth largest software company in the world, with 2014 revenues of over $6 billion and over 18,000 employees globally. Ironically, I may be one of the few people in the room, other than, perhaps, Ms. Ganzer, who has actually spent any time in Wassenaar, as my then-fiancee lived there in the 1990s. I spent a summer in Wassenaar reading books on computer security during my transition out of service in the British military.    I now have almost 20 years' experience in the software security engineering field. I came to the U.S. in 2002 as one of the early members of the Microsoft Trustworthy Computing Group. And in 2011, I established VMware's Product Security Group.    If implemented, the 2013 Wassenaar Arrangement could undermine our strong security posture and hinder our ability to adequately protect our customers and our products. It would introduce significant hurdles to rapidly receiving and sharing threat information, in particular, vulnerability exploit code that is critical to the swift development of security patches that protect software users, something that Chairman Hurd alluded to.    This introduction of a requirement to apply for and obtain licenses during critical, time-sensitive responses to security vulnerabilities, which may already be under active exploitation, creates an asymmetry that is to an attackers' advantage, since, unlike the defender, the attacker has few such constraints.    In my written testimony, I included three different examples that speak to the core challenges that implementing the 2013 rules would present not only VMware, but as some testimony has already alluded to, other U.S. technology companies. In the interest of time, I would like to share one of them with you. In the last 12 months, VMware has collaborated with several small security research organizations in Europe to remediate critical security vulnerabilities that they identified in our products. These vulnerabilities, if left unpatched, could have allowed a malicious attacker to take complete control over critical infrastructure. During the course of our investigations, researchers often provide VMware with sample exploit code that demonstrates the flaw to our security response team.    Exploit code is often key in accelerating the speed with which our engineers are able to understand the flaw and develop a patch to protect our customers. If a picture paints 1,000 words, then in the field of software security, the exploit is our picture. In one example, the security researcher was in Poland, his parent company, in the Netherlands, the coordinating VMware incident response team in the U.S. and Canada, and the team responsible for developing the security patch, in India. In addition, several of our U.S.-based employees were non-U.S. persons. In this example, VMware and the researcher would have required multiple licenses, one from Poland to the Netherlands, from Poland to the U.S., from the Netherlands to the U.S., from the U.S. to Canada, and several within the U.S. just to share information across cubical walls with non-U.S. persons based in the United States.    Security vulnerability reports typically come through our industry standard security at VMware.com email address, using a security research protocol that has been in use in our industry for over 15 years. In 2015 alone, over half the security vulnerabilities reported to VMware came from individuals or organizations located in Wassenaar countries. In most cases, an export license would have been required for the researcher to report the security issue to us. A security researcher may not even have known who or where they were exporting an export to, since security at VMware.com is staffed on a rotational basis by a global team, half of whom are outside of the U.S. or non-U.S. persons.    It is improbable that these small research companies or individuals will take on the administrative and financial burden of applying for potentially multiple export licenses simply to report a security vulnerability. And as a result, this important source of information will dry up, or much worse, end up in the underground vulnerability market, leaving vulnerabilities unreported, unpatched, and under active exploitation.    Moving forward, we recommend the BIS and the Department of Commerce continue to keep all options on the table. We applaud them for reconsidering their original draft, and hosting a series of public forums with a range of stakeholders to try and find a reasonable solution which we are pleased to participate in.    Ultimately, however, the U.S. should return to Wassenaar and renegotiate the 2013 arrangement. We live in a global digital ecosystem that is not constrained by borders. We receive information about threats that affect the security of our products and our customers from all over the world. Even if the U.S. fixes its domestic policy, it will not enable us to continue to receive and share critical and timely information that affects the security of our customers on products from outside our borders. We must have the tools and resources on hand to act immediately and continue to provide world class secure software and services and ensure customer safety. Unfortunately, the 2013 Wassenaar agreement would undermine our ability to do so.    I applaud the leadership of the committee for holding this hearing today. Thank you for the opportunity to testify. And I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Mulholland. Thank you, Congresswoman Kelly, for the question. The simple answer to that is no. The reality is that might help our situation domestically, but the reality is, is that as a global company, I will seek threat information on my products from anywhere.    You know, we heard a few minutes ago that there are 31 countries have already implemented Wassenaar. The reality is, in my mind anyway, Wassenaar is not 41 countries in this space, it is 40 plus one. There is one country in this world and one country and not 41 who provides overwhelming leadership in the technology sector. The reason why I don't think we've actually seen any negative consequences from the other 31 is because, frankly, their expert ratings are not likely to be injurious to their industries, because, frankly, they don't have particularly vibrant industries.    And I, you know, heard many of the members have commented on our leadership. Ms. McGuire cited an example where a U.S. company pulled out of Japan, pulled out of participating in a very long, established security research conference in Japan. Does that injure Japan's technology industry, or does it injure the U.S. industry? My vote is that it injures the U.S.    So in short, no, BIS fixing the situation here in the U.S. does not fix the problem. The only way the problem gets fixed is to go back to Wassenaar, or perhaps, even concerning whether export controls is the right way to tackle this problem.    Mr. Mulholland. I am, sir.    Mr. Mulholland. We'll take it.    Mr. Mulholland. I just want to join your point about things. So I used to be in the military, and actually was subject to a predecessor of the Wassenaar inspection and some Russian officers turned up and said, we have a list here that says you have 36 missile launchers. And so we dutifully took them through into our hangars, they pointed to 36, and life was good.    The thing that we're trying to control today is this. And this is actually--Ms. Schneck mentioned partly. This is the code for the Heartbleed security vulnerability. I've blown it up for the sake of illustration, but it's actually 40 lines of code. If I want to proliferate that, I take it around the corner, and I photocopy it, or I email it, or I post it on the Internet. To your point about trying to control knowledge, we're trying to use, and, frankly, in my view, the wrong tool to control this. We're trying to take a physical construct that's worked pretty well for 20-odd years, and we're trying to drop it into the digital world. And, frankly, my view is that that simply does not work.    Mr. Mulholland. So I will echo the points that Ms. Goodwin made. We have a similar situation. But let me take a different angle. Security research is not going to stop. There are--Siri told me there are 206 countries in the world. There's 41 in Wassenaar. My math tells me that's 165 countries that are not in Wassenaar, perhaps two-thirds of software developers in the world. Software security research will continue, but it will happen in three different ways.    Mr. Mulholland. Either security researchers will finally just give up, it's just too hard. That's not good for us. They will publish the information on the Internet because there is a carve-out, from my understanding, that if the information is made public on the Internet, effectively open-sourced, then it does not require a license. That doesn't help me because the bad guys have just found out about the issue at the same time I have. That's not good for us. It's not good for U.S. companies. Or the third one, which, frankly, 20 years of working in this industry and the cynicism that can develop with that, these exploits will, frankly, end up on the black market. And there will be cottage industries developing in some of the countries that have been mentioned that will spring up. And these oppressive regimes, the only impact that they will find is that they will have to spend more money because they will be going to the highest bidder----