    Mr. Giddings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Green. I very much appreciate the invitation to testify before you this morning on behalf of the Information Technology & Innovation Foundation on the safety and appropriate labeling for crops and foods improved for biotechnology. ITIF is a nonpartisan research and educational think tank whose mission is to formulate and promote public policies to advance technological innovation and productivity. We focus on innovation issues. We have long been involved in the conversations about agricultural biotechnology and how best to ensure its widely shared benefits to humans and the environment are not burdened by ill-considered policies, especially those based on fear and misunderstanding.    I very much appreciate the opportunity to comment on these issues here today and thank, in particular, Mr. Pompeo for proposing this legislation, which I think is approaching perfection as a solution to some of the problems we face in this area on public policy.    The introduction of crops improved through biotechnology, often called GMOs, has been one of the greatest booms to humanity in the last 10,000 years of our history. No other innovation in agriculture has been taken up more widely or more quickly, and none other has delivered greater benefits to humans, our livestock, and companion animals and the environment. These crops have been grown over the two decades on over 4 billion acres worldwide. Last year alone, they were grown on 448 million acres by 18 million farmers in 28 countries legally, including a lot more where they were grown by farmers without government sanction where the farmers could get access to the seeds.    The farm gate value added has totaled more than $120 billion. And the environmental impacts of agriculture have been reduced, on average, by 18 percent. This has entailed a 37 percent reduction in the use of pesticides, a 22 percent increase in yields, and a 68 percent increase in farmer income.    The single most important element in the equation of credit for this avalanche of global benefits is the science-based regulatory process adopted by the United States in 1986 for which you and your colleagues and your predecessors bear an enormous amount of credit.    The bipartisan endorsement supporting the science-based approach to regulation that has been in place in the United States for the past four decades has been absolutely essential and made it possible for this technology to be developed, adapted, and disseminated. The intention of H.R. 1599 to extend this legacy of bipartisan support for science-based regulation is important as special interests seek to undermined its credibility and authority with false claims and ill-considered policy proposals at every level, particularly at the State level. Congress clearly has authority to address these issues and should formally preempt state level actions as the Constitution directs in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the interstate commerce clause.    I am less enthusiastic and, indeed, would advise against one provision before you in this legislation, which would change the nature of the FDA safety review process for bioengineered foods by making it mandatory. It widely acknowledged that the biotech-derived foods on the market today are safe, that they have all gone through this review process, the review process has worked and is working well, does not need any fixing; there are no safety issues outstanding, which it fails to address.    I know that there are those who favor making this process mandatory, but if Congress were to take that step, it would, for the first time, step away from the science-based regulation that has served us so well for decades. I say this because the term ``GMO'' is an artificial construct, and it does not represent a meaningful class of items deserving of special, much less discriminatory, regulatory status or scrutiny. That category further bears no meaningful relation to hazard or risk. GM is a process. It is not a product. Provisions with FDA regulations on labeling already in place mandate consumer information about the contents of the foods that they buy and consume.    So I would enter a plea that as you consider these issues, please think carefully about what will help accomplish your objectives and what will not. Making it clear to the States that labeling is a Federal responsibility, that is something that would be helpful. Actions that some will construe and represent to be an acknowledgement that there are safety issues or concerns where, in fact, there are none, would not be helpful. Thank you for the opportunity to speak to you this morning, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Giddings. Absolutely yes.    Mr. Giddings. There are some examples where there are material differences as with cooking oils that have been modified to be more heart healthy. But where those have occurred, they have still been reviewed by FDA; they have passed the safety reviews, and the differences are indicated on the labels.    Mr. Giddings. I am not aware of any area in science where the consensus on safety is stronger than in this field.    Mr. Giddings. Well, the USDA does not necessarily do testing for food safety per se. That is the province of FDA. USDA does extensive analyses of a vast and broad amount of data relevant to safety and potential impacts for U.S. Agriculture and the environment. These are--the data that is submitted by applicants comes in response to their filling out APHIS' Form 2000, which lists a series of questions relevant to the safety of these crops on which the USDA wants data. The amounts of data provided are voluminous. They go far beyond, in fact, what regulators need to know to assess the safety of these crops. These crops have been examined in more depth, in more detail, in advance for safety than any others in human history, and their record of safety is unblemished.    Mr. Giddings. Well, Mr. Chairman, there are very few issues in our lives to which we are more emotionally attached than food. And the idea of somebody messing around with our food supply is inherently one of concern. And folks who have issues with food, their concerns are heightened. And there is a very well-funded campaign of special interests who have adopted raising unwarranted fears in this way as their marketing tactic through which they seek to expand their market share. This campaign has been funded massively and executed across the United States and around the world for years, and they have succeeded dramatically in shaping the public view on these issues to create an appearance of safety issues where, in fact, they are absent.    Recent surveys have shown that the difference in opinion between the public and between the scientific community on these issues is wider than on any other major public policy issues before us today, and this is the result of an ongoing propaganda campaign designed to raise fears and mislead consumers, and this mandatory labeling push is an integral part to that.    Mr. Giddings. There are none, sir.    Mr. Giddings. There are none on the record. And on the issue of allergenicity, that is one of particular concern to me because my son has a life-threatening peanut allergy. And I can tell you, Congressman, that the only foods that are reviewed before they are introduced to the market for allergenicity, the only food so reviewed are biotech derived.    Mr. Giddings. Mr. Whitfield, Mr. Jaffe and I have been friends for three decades, and it gives me a great deal of pain to have to disagree with him, but I think virtually everything he said here is mistaken.    There are a couple things that we need to remember. Number one is that FDA has absolute authority to require that all food placed on the market in the United States be safe. That is all the authority they need. It doesn't matter what process is used; if it is food on the market, FDA has the authority to ensure that it is safe.    The other thing to remember is that this category of GMOs or GM foods or whatever you want to call it is based upon a definition that is fundamentally at odds with the facts as we find them in the real world. This category is an artificial category. There is no meaningful basis to distinguish genetically modified organisms from others that are not, because everything on Earth is genetically modified.    There is no correlation between those products of the most modern plant-breeding technologies and any hazard or food safety risk. These things have an unblemished safety record. We know what causes safety problems in the consumption of food, and it is primarily the presence of pathogens. The only impact that biotech-derived foods are likely to have is to reduce the potential for pathogenic infestations.    So this whole idea that this is somehow a category that is meaningful in a sense that is relevant to risk assessment or safety is just contradicted by the facts, data, and vast experience.    So the FDA is correct; there are no data, there is no experience which suggests that they need additional authorities or that there is a problem here in need of fixing.    Mr. Giddings. Congressman, it is important to recognize that Vermont Act 120 and other similar legislation is a direct consequence of attempts to mislead consumers as to the safety of foods that are derived from crops and foods that are by technology.    I have read every iteration of that law multiple times, and the legislative record is very clear. The findings of fact associated with it put forward a whole host of verifiably false claims about the safety of these foods. And while the State of Vermont, I am completely confident, does not intend to mislead consumers, the folks who pushed them into adopting this legislation and who are leading the campaigns have very different motives.    And, you know, let me give an example of a couple of quotes from them.    Mr. Giddings. It is in my written remarks, and----    Mr. Giddings . To summarize very briefly, the intention of the folks pushing these mandates for information on labeling is directly to mislead consumers as to their safety as a means of growing their market share.    Mr. Giddings. This is something that rabbis and Jesuits could use years discussing.    This much I can tell you: It is not clear to me what the term ``natural'' means when used in foods, because everything that we eat has been modified from the form it took before humans started to cultivate and care for livestock and so forth. So it has all been changed. Even wild fish stocks we have selected over generations and changed their genetic makeup.    But this much I can tell you: foods derived from crops improved through genetic engineering, so-called GMOs--the term ``GMO'' has been defined as something modified in a way that does not occur in nature. But in the process of genetic engineering, we scientists in the lab learned how to do these things by observing these phenomena of genetic change happening in nature. These phenomena are widespread; they are found throughout the living world.    The techniques that genetic engineers use in the lab to make these kinds of specific and directed changes with the degree of precision that is unprecedented in the history of humanity, these changes are all changes that we learned how to do by seeing it happen in nature. We use enzymes that we take from nature to make these things happen. If this is not a natural process, I have no idea what a natural process is.    Mr. Giddings. If you could come up with a definition, it would be helpful. But I am not sure it is possible.