    Mr. Cha. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Representative Sherman, and members of the committee. It really is an honor to speak to you today about a very difficult topic, and that is North Korea.    You mentioned--both the chairman and Congressman Bera mentioned urgency, and I think there is a great deal of urgency. There are elements of deterrence and crisis instability that derive from North Korea's nuclear weapons status that I don't think the North Koreans fully comprehend. And it can also be the case that the North Korean leader, this young North Korean leader, views nuclear weapons as usable weapons rather than as strategic elements of deterrence, valuable only in their non-use.    So the urgency is that the result could be a disaster at the cost of tens of thousands of lives, at which point the world is going to wonder why the United States did nothing to stop this before it was too late.    So what have we done? In the administration's own words, strategic patience, the policy of strategic patience, had two objectives. The first was to break the cycle of provocations for negotiations that was the flaw of past administration's policies.    Second, the concept was that this idea of pressure and non-dialogue would eventually cause the North Koreans to feel compelled to come back to negotiations genuinely willing to cut a deal. When this did not work, the administration did try to reach out and engage, but all of these offers had been spurned by the regime.    So we are in the worst of all worlds right now. There is no diplomacy. There are more tests, a growing program, a new cycle of provocations. We have had four nuclear tests, three of them during the Obama administration, two of them before the President's State of the Union speech. And at the rate we are going, this issue is just going to get punted to the next administration, and it is going to be an exponentially worse problem.    So a new approach to North Korea has to focus on what Bob Gallucci and I described in the New York Times last week as asymmetric pressure points. In my experience, being involved in the negotiations in the previous administration, there were only two times where I felt like the North Koreans were truly caught off guard, uncertain of how to respond.    The first of these was in September 2005 when the Treasury Department took actions that led to the freezing of North Korean assets at a bank in China. And the second was in February 2014 in the aftermath of the United Nations Commission of Inquiry report of which the major recommendation was referral of the North Korean leadership to the ICC for crimes against humanity.    These were the only two times that I really felt the North Koreans were frazzled, and I think a new strategy has to build on these pressure points. Let me just highlight a couple of these.    First is sanctions, and I know Bruce will talk about this as well. As the chairman said, it is a policy myth that North Korea is the most sanctioned country in the world, and the chairman cited some of the statistics for how the sanctioning against Iran is much higher than that against North Korea. So there is plenty more space to operate there.    Secondary sanctioning should also be given positive consideration. I know that this has been talked about within policy circles as a significant escalation, and this will certainly complicate our relationships with China, the European Union, Southeast Asia, South America, and Africa. But it is also certain that many of these entities will comply when given the choice of dealing with North Korea or losing access to the U.S. financial system.    We should also give serious consideration, as the chairman said, to putting North Korea back on the State Sponsor of Terrorism List. I know that there will be lawyers who will dispute the legal criteria for putting North Korea back on the list, and here I would only urge that particular attention be given to North Korea's cyber capabilities. We did research at CSIS that shows that the activities, these cyber activities, are instigated by the same agencies, entities within the North Korean Government that have been responsible in the past for terrorist acts.    Human rights has to complement sanctions as part of an asymmetric strategy. One of the potential targets would be North Korean slave labor. There are over 50,000 workers in Africa, the Middle East, Europe, Russia, and China, that are operating in sub-human conditions that are being paid nothing. Their revenues all are going back to the North Korean Government. There are different estimates, between $250 million to over $2 billion of hard currency. So this is certainly something that should be targeted.    Another useful asymmetric pressure point is the Kaesong Industrial Complex. This project now provides $90 million in hard currency to North Korean authorities, with little wages actually going back to the factory workers. The South Korean Government will probably be opposed to something like this, because even conservative governments have grown attached to the Kaesong industrial complex, but difficult times call for difficult measures.    Lastly, on information, North Korea under Kim has proven to be hypersensitive to external criticism with renewal of the North Korean Human Rights Act, and I entirely agree with the chairman on the idea of trying to increase funding and basically think about new ways of bringing information into the country.    As some of the work that we have done with the Bush Institute has shown, the United States and South Korea can come up with a comprehensive strategy for breaking down North Korean information barriers, because in the end we need to improve the human condition of the people in North Korea.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Cha. So I think that is a great idea. On the China piece of it, first, as Bruce said, when there was a Section 311 against a Chinese bank in Macao in 2005, that was a law enforcement action. It was a Chinese bank. And, in the end, the U.S.-China relationship survived. So, and it was an effective--it was a very effective measure. And it actually may take things like that to actually motivate China. We are almost self-deterring in that sense, supposed equities in the relationship.    With regard to measures with other countries in the region, I think absolutely this--all of North Korea's activities speak to the need for a much more robust and networked missile defense system in Asia, including the United States, Japan, and South Korea. As was mentioned, the relationship between Japan and Korea has gone through some rough periods, but it is on the mend, and there are I think opportunities here, particularly in South Korea, to talk about more missile defense as well as better intelligence and information-sharing among the three countries.    These have been on our agenda with our allies for quite some time, and we haven't been able to push them forward. And unfortunate as it is, you know, when we were working on the policy every time North Korea did something bad, the motto in the office was, ``Well, let's make lemonade out of this lemon.'' And one of the ways to make lemonade out of this lemon is to really consolidate our defense alliances, and that also complicates the environment for China and may motivate them to do more.    Mr. Cha. You have no disagreement from me there.    Mr. Cha. Congressman, I think that there have been many actions in that vein, almost a regular state practice of detaining innocent individuals, Americans and other nationalities, in the country for no apparent reason, and that is just unacceptable.    My only point was that I think that the other area that we could investigate in terms of criteria for putting them back on the list is the cyber area. The----    Mr. Cha. Well, there is certainly a history there. I mean, every major weapon system the North Koreans have ever developed they have sold. And I am----    Mr. Cha. So it is definitely a concern in the case of--as you know well, their missile sales, that has certainly been the case. And, you know, I think part of their effort at trying to develop longer range and more accurate missiles aren't to sell them. So you can't put it past them in terms of the nuclear site.    But even aside from the sort of overt proliferation, just by virtue of the fact that they have a nuclear arsenal that is growing, creates all sort of very serious crisis and stability problems for the United States. I mean, the notion that they can keep a dozen or two dozen bombs, and as long as we deter them we are safe, is completely wrong, because should any crisis develop on the peninsula, North Korea is developing these nuclear capabilities at the expense of massive degrading of their conventional capabilities.    And so what that means is if we are ever in a military crisis, we immediately have to shoot up the escalation ladder, and that immediately forces us to consider preemption. So it is a highly unstable situation that I think gets lost among the general public, because as the chairman said----    Mr. Cha. Yes. I think what you are referring to, Congressman, is the Section 311 by the Treasury Department in 2005 that advised U.S. financial institutions not to deal with a particular bank in Macao----    Mr. Cha . Because of money laundering concerns. And in the press it is always talked about how we sanctioned North Korea financially. What we did was we advised U.S. financial institutions to be wary of business with a particular bank, and that then created a ripple effect that you described where many other banks that had North Korean accounts decided, well, we are going to freeze these, or we are going to investigate them.    Bank presidents, regulators all started to target these accounts, and it had the effect of completely shutting North Korea off from the international financial system. They could not do a wire transfer. They could not access bank accounts through ATMs. It was really quite a powerful and forceful thing.    And in answer to your question, yes, I think that we can do that again. North Korea has since tried to adjust, but at the same time they still are able to operate in the financial system, and there are things that we can do to make that much more difficult.    Mr. Cha. I can't give you the answer to that question here. What I can say is that when that action happened, the North Korean negotiators, when they came back to the negotiation table, had only one demand, and that was to unfreeze the $25 million that was sitting in that bank in Macao. They did not want to talk about anything else under the sun. They didn't want to talk about peace treaty. They didn't want to talk about anything else. All they wanted to talk about was that, which gives you a sense of how important it was to them.    Mr. Cha. Okay. Very quickly, Congressman, on the question about, what do they export that is of value? I mean, truly, what is of value to them? And so a couple of things come to mind in addition to the things that Bruce has already talked about.    One, as I mentioned before, is this issue of slave labor. That is providing income to them. It is something that is clearly in violation of ILO standards, even though they are not a signatory to the ILO, and that is certainly one area where it is not Iranian oil, but it is something that certainly is of value to them.    The other is there are a lot of raw materials actually in North Korea, and China since 2008 has extracted a lot of that for their two inland provinces. And when people are in Pyongyang, the capital city of North Korea, they say things look pretty good there now. That is all because of Chinese money from these contracts, and that is another area.    On the diplomacy side, I don't think anybody on this panel is against diplomacy. I think we all believe diplomacy is important, but I have to say that having been--having participated in negotiations for the last agreements with North Korea, the nuclear agreements, and knowing a lot about the Clinton administration agreements and President Obama's, we have put--I mean, as Bonnie said, they know what they get. We put everything on the table.    And the issue right now is that this young leader is not interested, and he is looking to build his programs because he wants to confront the next administration here.    Mr. Cha. I don't think it is the intent of any nuclear weapon state, including North Korea, to use them purposely for aggressive purposes. Having said that, there are easily contingencies one can imagine where a country, especially North Korea, can miscalculate. And I can draw out some of those scenarios for you in which they have no intent to use nuclear weapons, but because of military calculations they are then compelled to. And that is what is so inherently destabilizing about the current situation.    Mr. Cha. I certainly think that Japan feels mortally threatened by the developments in North Korea, their missile program as well as their nuclear program. It is the clearest existential threat to Japan today.    With regard to South Korea, they have always been under the fear of artillery attack from North Korea. Artillery tubes are only seconds away from the capital city of Seoul. And I think there is now a growing concern about the broader nuclear question.    Again, if you have been under conventional military threat, biochemical, artillery shells, all your life, you can get a little jaded. But I think that there is a growing concern about the broader strategic implications of North Korea's nuclear program.    Mr. Cha. So I would entirely agree with you, Congressman, that I think outside of this chamber, more broadly in the American public, there is a tendency to downgrade, discount, dismiss North Korean activities as basically a crazy regime that blows up bombs in a cave somewhere near China, and that we don't have to worry about that, and I think that is completely the wrong attitude.    In part, it has been because there was a feeling that the United States sometimes overreacted in the past to North Korean actions and played into their hand. I think we are now in a period in which we are underreacting, and I think that is very dangerous.    Mr. Cha. I think the bill is great, and I think that the mechanism is still there to carry out the same sorts of targeted financial sanctioning. North Korea, since 2005, has tried to circumvent this. But, again, a lot of it depends on what entities we choose to sanction, what individuals we choose to target, and Chinese compliance with that.    Having said that, I can easily imagine things that we can do that would not collapse the U.S.-China relationship or, as Mr. Sherman said earlier, not have a major effect on Wall Street. So there is plenty of room to operate.    Mr. Cha. Yes.    Mr. Cha. I will take a piece of those, and then I will look to Bruce to take other pieces of it. In terms of the why, you know, why haven't we done more question, one aspect of this is China, and we have had a very full discussion on that. I think the other part of it is that it is priority and commitment.    This has not been a priority, unfortunately, even though, as I said, it is a very dangerous situation. And there has to be a political commitment to make the North Korean regime feel like there are costs to their behavior. There has been a political commitment to create the machinery, but there hasn't been a political commitment to implement.    I think part of the reason there hasn't been that is that there has always been some hope that there is a chance for diplomacy, like with Iran, like with Cuba, or like with Myanmar. But I am of the view that we are not going to see any diplomacy until the end of this administration.    Mr. Cha. Well, I think the primary downside has to do with China and the relationship with China. At least that is the perceived downside. And then there is a degree of inertia. I think there really is a degree of inertia, because this is an issue traditionally that administrations want to put on the shelf. They don't necessarily want to commit to solve it. They want to put it on the shelf.    And so there is almost a pattern to this. They do a provocation, we issue a statement, we slap a sanction on them, and everybody goes back to dealing with other issues. And that is a rapidly deteriorating situation.