    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. George, much has been made about the number of emails that have been recovered. I would agree with some of the members who have emphatically asserted that numbers matter. My question to you is, how many emails that contain evidence of wrongdoing do you need to recover in order to pursue justice? Is it 10,000? Is it 1,000? One hundred? Would one be enough?    Mr. Palmer. So whether you find 1,000 emails or 100 emails or 10, it's really--the only relevant point here is that you and your office are doing your best. You're exercising due diligence to pursue justice. And if there's one email or one document that proves wrongdoing, it would justify the effort. Is that--would you agree with that?    Mr. Palmer. I think I can speak for the staff--for this committee--I don't think I'm out of line in saying this--that we are very, very grateful for the work that your office does and the other IGs that--and how you pursue it with excellence and professionalism on behalf of the American people.    Mr. Palmer. Mr. George. I don't remember, I think you were one of the 47 inspectors general who signed a letter to this committee raising concerns about Federal agencies' lack of, I'd say, forthcoming with evidence and other documents. Is that correct? Did you say that?    Mr. Palmer. And we held a hearing on that. And one of the points that I think we brought out here is that, how the lack of cooperation by these Federal agencies, and in this case, I would say at the IRS, has impeded investigations, have made it very, very difficult to get to the truth, to get to the bottom of these issues. Have you found that to be the case?    Mr. Palmer. Well, thank you for elaborating on that.    But my concern about this is, is that whether they didn't provide it because they weren't asked, I find it inconceivable that they would be unaware of the investigation and of the need to turn over every document that might have some relevance to this, and whether they intended to obstruct or impede, or whether it was by benign neglect or incompetence is irrelevant, because at the end of the day, the objective to get to the truth. It is nonpartisan, in that respect. It's incumbent upon us, in this committee and in your office, to pursue the truth.    I think that's the key point here. It doesn't matter how many emails you've gone through, what's been reported in the media. The media, that's irrelevant. What's relevant is whether or not any wrongdoing has occurred, and that you be able to do your job as inspector general and get to the truth.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield the balance of my time.