    Mr. Weissman. Weissman.    Mr. Weissman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Johnson, Members of the Committee. This hearing is constructed around looking at the costs of regulation, but it does not make sense to think only about the costs without looking at the benefits, without thinking about how it nets out for society.    You mentioned in your opening statement that it is important to take into account the impact of regulation on real, live people, and that is true, but we have to think about that for regulatory benefits as well. When we fail to protect the safety of our food, real people get sick and die. When we make our air clean, lives are saved: real, live people's lives are saved.    When we improve safety and health in our workplaces, it makes a difference for real, actual people. These are not hypothetical matters. They make a big difference, and the history of regulation in America is that it has conferred enormous benefits on our country.    It has actually conferred not just health, safety, and environmental benefits, but significant economic benefits. Now, I think there is a substantial literature of non-empirical and poorly constructed studies that suggest the contrary, but when you actually look at regulations that are adopted--in fact, look at the costs, look at the benefits, as OIRA does on an annual basis--the benefits exceed costs by between 2-to-1 or 15-to-1.    As an aside, the study that Mr. McLaughlin was just referring to relies on data from the World Bank. The long time lead to establish a business in the United States--four days in that study. Hard to see how that is a significant contributor to economic inequality.    Regulation, additionally, is not responsible in any scaled-up way for job loss. Before the Bureau of Labor Statistics stopped collecting data, very few employers reported that regulation was responsible for layoffs, as compared to general business demand. And if we pause for a moment and think about our recent history, and what is by far the greatest contributor to job loss, not just in the last 10 years but in the last 70 years, it was the Great Recession, due in substantial part, by almost any account, to regulatory failure: either too few regulations, too much deregulation, too little regulatory enforcement.    So, in fact, it is regulation; and it is lack of regulation and lack of regulatory enforcement that has been by far the greatest contributor to job loss, as well as, of course, disruption to families, households, and wages.    Moreover, there are substantial savings available, economic savings, that come from smart regulation. I list a number of examples in my testimony. Energy efficiency rules have saved consumers hundreds of billions of dollars. The introduction of generic competition for pharmaceuticals has saved more than $1.5 trillion, as compared to brand-name prices, over the last decade. The Administration's Clean Power Plan would save between $260 and $840 billion in net costs, and would actually reduce overall energy bills for households if it were to take place, if it is to be ultimately implemented.    A final point, as has been noted, this Committee and Washington has been engaged in a debate about regulatory policy for quite some time, and revisited many similar arguments, I think, over time. And it might be useful to move beyond the same back-and-forth debate, to have a more empirically-informed debate, but also to think about where there can be a meeting of minds.    And as regards the issue of startups and small business, it seems to me that there is a great opportunity to think about how regulation can promote competition and benefit small businesses.    For example, there is substantial evidence of manipulation in the energy markets, which directly impact the ability of small business to operate effectively. That would be an excellent area, in my view, for further Committee investigation and for congressional action. There is a substantial problem of patent trolls and the abuse of patent monopolies to undermine innovation in the IT sector. There are problems from too-big-to-fail and too-big-to-jail financial institutions not providing adequate credit to small businesses. That is an appropriate area for investigation and action by this Committee and by Congress.    Mr. Johnson has introduced legislation to address the problem of forced arbitration, which denies even small businesses the ability to bring antitrust claims against large corporations that are engaged in unfair and monopolistic practices against them. That, too, I think is an area where there should be action, where we can see where regulation will actually empower small business, increase market competition, and make our country stronger, safer, and more financially well-off.    Mr. Weissman. I think it is just important to remember two things. One is that for----    Voice. Could you move it a little closer?    Mr. Weissman. Closer? Two things. One is that it is natural for regulated companies to push back against regulations that are newly being required of them. The record of industry complaining about the next regulation ready to destroy it is not a good one, including, I must say, in the coal industry particularly. But this is true going back to the New Deal and bankers, chemical companies, restaurant and hotels worried about clean air rules related to tobacco. I detail some of this in my testimony. That is one thing.    And the other thing is, the stories are compelling. And as Dr. Bivens suggested, individual firms may actually be impacted, but there are individuals who are benefiting as well, and we are not hearing from them today. The person who is protected from silica dust exposure and resulting cancer--that is a real, live life saved as a result of the rule that is being talked about here. And there is going to be hundreds of lives saved every year by the silica rule that we are discussing.    You go down the list of these, of the regulations, we are talking about; they have these net benefits. We aggregate them. But those net benefits are really an expression of the lives that are saved, the lives that are improved, the quality of life that is guaranteed as a result of the rules that are under discussion today.    Mr. Weissman. Well, a few things, Mr. Chair. First, on the environmental point you made, there are some global environmental issues like climate change. In that case, it is not true that if the U.S. were to go to zero emissions, it would have no impact on the global problem. It would have----    Mr. Weissman. It would not be negligible. It would have a significant impact and would also have a demonstration impact that would change other things. But----    Mr. Weissman. I will answer; I do not want to try to dodge your question. But I did not want to ignore the other pieces of what you were saying. No. I mean, obviously the U.S. is not going to go to--is not on track to go to zero emissions. If you actually look at the Clean Power Plan, though, as I discuss--and which is the actual plan on the table, as I discuss in my testimony--that will lower electric bills for consumers. So, it is going to be both a net savings on cost-benefit analysis. But just on the consumer side, in terms of what we spend on electric bills, we will save money as a result of the Clean Power Plan.    Mr. Weissman. I mean, I am happy to go there with you because I agree with you. There are too many jobs that the regs--and to the earlier member's point about distrust of big government, the stories about regulated industry having too much power, not being subjected to an overreach Washington--that is what people are objecting to--that big corporations have too much influence, that they are the ones who are writing the rules, that they have too many lobbyists here.    Unfortunately, Public Citizen and our friends--we are not really a match in terms of numbers. That is not really the problem. So, I agree that there is a broad perception of that. I think the assessment of what that means is off. I do not think actually people are saying they want the government to stand aside. They just want the government to stand with them.    I take very seriously job loss. Mr. Issa is gone; I am from Cleveland as well, and I come from an auto family. I come from a family that works with injured workers. I know these issues quite well. No one from Cleveland is insensitive to the issue of job loss. But if we think about regulatory issue and job loss, there is no question that the most significant impact was the regulatory failure that led to the Great Recession. And if we want to sort of talk about what is the role--what is the connection between regulation and jobs, that we did not prevent the financial sector from causing the Great Recession, by far the biggest story of the last 7 years on job loss.