    Ms. Lofgren. Well, thank you.    As the chair of the California Democratic delegation, we thank you for keeping the facility in California.    I would like to ask unanimous consent to put in the record a letter dated today from the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lofgren. I would note that basically the Electronic Frontier Foundation makes the point that those who are suggesting that ICANN require the suspension of Internet domain names based on accusations of copyright or trademark infringement are effectively making the same proposal that was the centerpiece of the Stop Online Piracy Act, otherwise known as SOPA, that was dropped by this Committee after millions of people melted the phone lines here in the Congress, and at that time 83 Internet engineers warned that we cannot have a free and open Internet unless its naming and routing system sits above the political concerns and objectives of any one industry or company, and that the only way a domain name registrar can address copyright infringement accusations is by suspending its domain name. It goes on with other issues.    My colleague, Mr. Farenthold, was talking about the contractual obligations that ICANN has, but one of the things I believe he did not mention that I think is key is that the registrars are required to take an action where there is a court order or an administrative finding, not based on mere allegations of wrongdoing, and I think that is an essential element that has been missing here in this discussion.    I think we are still in the brave new world of the Internet, and one of the things that I think is interesting is whose law applies where. In listening, Mr. Horton and Mr. Metalitz, to your testimony, talking about Web sites that are selling pharmaceuticals, whose law applies? If you go to a chemist in Britain and you buy aspirin, you can get aspirin with codeine over the counter. You can't get that in the United States. If you go to Mexico, you can buy antibiotics over the counter. You certainly can't do that here. But you can't buy Sudafed in Mexico even though you can do that here.    So I notice, Mr. Horton, that your redress was really to U.S. sites, as well as you, Mr. Metalitz, even though the Web sites complained of were really apparently operating in other countries and, so far as I know, complying with the laws of those countries. For example, the Romania server that you mentioned, Mr. Metalitz. I am not an expert on Romanian copyright law, but I believe they do have a right to make private copies for personal use or for what is called normal familial groups that would probably be infringement here in the United States. So whose law applies?    Ms. Lofgren. Yes.    Ms. Lofgren. I just got it, too.    Ms. Lofgren. Well, if I may interrupt, in Britain, for example, they don't have a First Amendment, and they broadly constrain what we would consider to be inviolable free speech. They outlaw some of what their press does. That would not be effective here in the United States.    Ms. Lofgren. Well, my time is up and, Mr. Johnson, I want to respect his time. I will pursue this further after the hearing, and I think there are some things that need to be clarified.    I thank the Chairman for his indulgence.