    Mr. Walden. Now that we have killed the lights, we will call the subcommittee on Communications and Technology to order, and welcome our witnesses here today, and our colleagues. Thanks for your patience with our late start. We had a vote on the floor, as you know, but we appreciate your being here today, and look forward to your testimony.    From the time the Administration announced their intent to transition IANA functions from ICANN to the international multi-stakeholder community, I have had very serious concerns about the potential risks associated with that move. We have said time and again that this is far too important to rush, and that we must carefully consider all of the consequences and outcomes before we ring a bell that cannot be un-rung.    This subcommittee has been committed to oversight of the transition process, and ensuring that there are safeguards in place to improve the odds of a successful transition, and preserve the Internet we all committed to protecting. Last Congress we held a hearing on this topic and passed the Dot Com Act out of the full Committee almost exactly a year ago. The goals of the Dot Com Act are consistent with our position. It is the appropriate role of this subcommittee to oversee the NTIA, and, in this case, ensure that it thoroughly evaluates any proposal. As part of this oversight, we have already asked the GAO to begin an inquiry into the process that examines the existing contract, risks to be considered, and any safeguards that can be put into place to reduce the threats to the future operations and functions of the Internet.    Many have come to us to emphasize the importance of the IANA transition to the continued success of the multi-stakeholder model of governance, and to urge us to be mindful of the way the international community perceives our actions. We recognize these considerations, but we also feel it would be irresponsible to ignore the very real risks associated with a relinquishment of the U.S. role in Internet governance, no matter how symbolic. This is why we have taken the measured approach that we will discuss today.    NTIA put forward a set of criteria that they say any acceptable transition proposal must meet, all of which are essential to ensuring a vibrant Internet, should NTIA transition IANA to the multi-stakeholder community. NTIA should be applauded for this, and for its willingness to stick to these criteria, despite the difficulty in meeting them. Our goal, through this legislation, and our efforts in the subcommittee, is to ensure that these conditions are met, and that the myriad unforeseen complications that could arise in meeting them are addressed.    I am pleased to report the staff from both sides of the aisle have been working together to produce an amendment to the Dot Com Act that meets these goals that we all share without unduly burdening the agency as it works towards its goal. While NTIA works within its proper role in the multi-stakeholder model, we too are working with our proper role as oversight authority. While we have not reached agreement on final text, our discussions have been very promising, and there is an important role for Congress in this transition, and I commend the staff for their hard work.    I would also like to take a moment to touch on the timeline of the transition. It seems that everyone, including NTIA Administrator Larry Strickling, has acknowledged that the important work needed to facilitate a transition cannot be done before the existing contract expires on September 30, 2015. I urge NTIA to exercise the 2-year renewal option on the contract. Doing so allows the deliberative process to continue without artificial pressure or time constraints, and this won't provide any additional hurdle to the transition itself. Should NTIA and ICANN come to agreement on an acceptable proposal before the 2-year period is up, the contract can be cancelled to facilitate that transition.    I am pleased to have our panel of stakeholder witnesses here today to give us an update on their views of this transition. In the past year thousands of hours of hard work have taken place, many by our witnesses at the witness table today, to move this forward. Our last hearing gave voice to concerns that have been incorporated into the work of the multi-stakeholder working groups, and this is an opportunity for us to once again play our role in the process. I thank the witnesses for being here, and I look forward to your expertise.    Mr. Walden. With that, I would recognize the gentlelady from California, my friend, the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Walden. Gentlelady yields back the balance of her time. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, the Vice-Chair of the Subcommittee, Mr. Latta.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. Gentleman yields back the balance of his time. Chair recognizes the Ranking Member from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Gentleman yields back the balance of his time. Thank you for your kind comments. We look forward to continuing our work together.    Now we will go to our witnesses, and we will start with Steve DelBianco, Executive Director of NetChoice. We are delighted to have you with us today. Turn on that mic, pull it up close, and we look forward to your testimony, sir. Go ahead.    Mr. Walden. Thank you very much. Turn over the titlement. Who is paying for the insurance? That is what I want to know.    Mr. Walden. That is the expense. Anybody with a teenage knew that.    We are going to go now to Danielle Kehl, who is the Senior Policy Analyst at the New America's Open Technology Institute. Danielle, we welcome you, and thank you for participating in our hearing today.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Ms. Kehl. Appreciated your comments and your insights.    Go now to Audrey Plonk, who is the Director of Global Cyber Security and Internet Governance Policy for the Intel Corporation. Ms. Plonk, we are delighted to have you before the Committee. Please go ahead.    Mr. Walden. Thank you. We appreciate your testimony.    We will go now to Mr. Matthew Shears, the Representative and Director of Global Internet Policy and Human Rights Project, Center for Democracy and Technology. Mr. Shears, delighted to have you here with us today. We look forward to your comments.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Shears. We appreciate your coming over here to share those comments with us.    We now go to Brett Schaefer, who is the Senior Research Fellow in International Regulatory Affairs for The Heritage Foundation. Mr. Schaefer, delighted to have you before the Subcommittee. Please go ahead with your testimony.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Schaefer, and I just want to say how much I agree with what you just said, and that is what my role certainly has been, and I think of our subcommittee here, with these hearings, I just want to know what it is that is going to govern this process once NTIA says, see you later, and all. And so I think we have an obligation, as stewards of this, to this point, to make sure we know what the future looks like before we just say, you go ahead and do it. So that has been the purpose behind all of our efforts, is just to find out what are the rules?    And I want to commend those who have put so much time into this effort, because you have given us more and more confidence, with each step of the way, that you share our concerns here, and you are getting things locked into place where there is appropriate check and balance that otherwise goes away when that 60-some page contract is torn up.    So my first question to each of you is do you believe the transition could and/or should occur by September of this year? And, Mr. Schaefer, I think you have already said no.    Mr. Walden. OK.    Mr. Walden. All right. Mr. Shears, yes or no?    Mr. Walden. All right. Ms. Plonk?    Mr. Walden. Yes, but you get to tell us just the same.    Do you think this can happen by September, given all the work you have put into this, that we are ready?    Mr. Walden. All right, that is fair. Ms. Kehl?    Mr. Walden. Yes. Mr. DelBianco?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. So then wouldn't it make sense for NTIA to extend the contract for another year? Because, again, as I said in my testimony, they can cancel it if you get agreement, you can do that. But wouldn't it make sense to extend it?    Mr. Walden. Does anybody disagree with that? Ms. Kehl? Ms. Plonk? Is that a yes or a no head shake?    Mr. Walden. All right.    Mr. Walden. Mr. Shears?    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. All right.    Mr. Walden. Mr. Schaefer?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. OK. So, Ms. Plonk, while we acknowledge there are potential benefits to this transition, we also have very serious concerns about the very real risks. I think everybody has spoken to that. Beyond simply trusting the international community to do the right thing, what do you see is the best way for Congress to get answers to the questions, and are there ways to address the potential pitfalls?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Mr. DelBianco?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. See, that is what we have been after, and that there is after you all do your work, and the multi-stakeholder process does its work, give us a chance to at least look at it and understand it before handing the keys, the title, and the insurance payments off to the 18-year-old driver.    With that, I thank you again for your testimony and your counsel along the way. Now recognize my colleague from California, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Walden. No, but Mr. DelBianco----    Mr. Walden. You are--I was thinking more like----    Mr. Walden . You know, 17.    Mr. Walden. Thank the gentlelady, and just for point of clarification, that is why we are having this hearing, and why our staffs have been meeting.    Mr. Walden. I think the original Dot Com Act, with a year deadline and all, kind of preceded all of this, and that things have changed. And that is why they have been talking, and we have already got the GAO audit underway, well underway----    Mr. Walden . And so I don't know that it needs to be a year at all, and I thought we----    Mr. Walden . Communicated that. So we look forward to working together with that. I now recognize Vice-Chair of the Committee, is that right, Mr.--no, wait, down to the former Chair of the Committee, Mr. Barton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Mr. Plonk, did you want to respond?    Mr. Walden. Yes, if you do it quickly, because we have got to move on to Mr. Pallone.    Mr. Walden. OK.    Mr. Walden. Wow. All right, we have got to move on to Mr. Pallone now, on the Democrat side.    Mr. Walden. You are welcome, of course. And I think this does speak to why we need to come to terms, as we are working together on this legislation, because of the frustration some members have. They will go to the--route if we don't do our job. I am aware of that. So that is why we are having this hearing, and why our staffs have been talking about--if we can find common ground, we might be able to move forward with legislation that the Administration could support, and we could show strong support out of this Committee.    With that, we will go to Mr. Latta, the Vice-Chair of the Committee.    Mr. Walden. Thank the gentleman. Chair----