    Mr. Hale. Chairman Thornberry, Mrs. Davis, and all the members of the committee, I appreciate the chance to be here.    I will talk today about the budgetary aspects of acquisitions, starting with discussing acquisition unit costs. But I will focus particularly on the need to control operating and support costs. It is so important that I believe it should be the next frontier for acquisition reform.    Before I turn to those topics, I would like briefly to comment on the effects of budgetary turmoil in the Department of Defense. Since 2010, DOD and many other agencies have seen near constant budgetary turmoil: sequester, shutdown, furloughs, continuing resolutions. We all know the list. And it is frustrating. It has bad effects on program management in the Department, takes away time that senior leaders could better spend on things like acquisition reform. It wastes money. It damages the morale of DOD employees, especially civilian employees, who make up a lot of the acquisition workforce. I would ask everyone on this committee, I would plead with you to do all you can to get back to a more normal budget process.    Let me turn now to holding down--I will start with--unit acquisition costs by starting programs well. For many years, DOD has seen relentless growth in the unit cost of its programs. It is typical for, as we go from one generation to the next generation of a weapon, to see growth of a factor of two or more, even after adjustment for inflation. Some of these higher acquisition costs led to improvements in capability that were needed to keep up with potential adversaries. However, the higher acquisition costs, especially when you combine them with the operating and support costs I am going to discuss in a moment, forced the Department to reduce the overall size of its forces. If we want to avoid further force cuts, then we need program managers to make hard tradeoffs early in the life of a weapon, first, to set baseline costs that are consistent with likely future budgets and then to try to ensure that there isn't unanticipated growth in costs above those baselines. Both of those efforts are needed.    In recent years, the Department has made significant and I think commendable progress in holding down unanticipated cost growth. That cost growth has slowed. We have seen fewer violations of the Nunn-McCurdy thresholds. But the Department also needs to make those hard tradeoffs to get reasonable baseline costs to start with. That is why I am glad to see that DOD is establishing what it is terming affordability caps. It described them in the September 2015 report on the performance of the acquisition system. These affordability caps cover both acquisition costs but also sustainment or operating and support costs. They cover the full life-cycle costs of a weapon system. According to that September 2015 report, we have seen 29 caps established for major defense programs, organizations set up in the services, as well I believe as in CAPE to monitor efforts to do this. I am hopeful that DOD will use these affordability caps as a vehicle for continuing to monitor and try to hold down acquisition cost, so long as we are consistent with assumptions of what we need to meet the threats.    I have focused so far on DOD's efforts. I would like to note Congress is also playing a role here, especially in last year's authorization bill. You made a number of changes, some of which may help hold down acquisition costs. I note, for example, involving the service chiefs more in the requirements process, they at least will have a sense of budget problems.    Let me turn now to operating and support costs, which are very important to the Department from a budgetary standpoint. Operating and support costs make up more than half of the total cost to buy and operate a weapon over its life cycle. They also make up today almost two-thirds of the total defense budget. They are so important or controlling them is so important, as I said, I believe they should be the next frontier for acquisition reform. In recent years, these operating and support costs have grown sharply, even as force size has declined. If you take operating and support costs--and by that, I mean the dollars in the operation and maintenance appropriation, military personnel--the adjustment for inflation, take out wartime or OCO costs, they have grown by 20 percent since the year 2000. At the same time, the size of the military force, as measured by the number of Active Duty personnel, has declined by 4 percent. So what is causing--and I should say this is a trend that occurs in all the military departments. And it didn't just start in 2000, it has been going on for decades.    So what is causing operating and support costs to grow and what can DOD do about it? Some of the growth in these costs is not directly related to weapons. It is related to programs or issues like military compensation and health care. Working with the Congress, the Department of Defense has had significant success in slowing the growth in healthcare costs and compensation costs. More effort is needed. I am pleased to see that Congress and key Members have indicated they will tackle military healthcare reform in this session or an upcoming one. They also need to look at hard issues, like closing unneeded facilities and continued efficiencies.    A substantial part of that operating and support growth can be tied directly to weapons. So while DOD has devoted much attention to controlling and holding down acquisition costs, it has not yet paid as much attention to holding down operating and support costs. The new affordability caps, which I mentioned earlier, include, they call them sustainment costs, but it is essentially operating and support costs. I very much hope they provide the Department with a vehicle for working to control these costs because of their budgetary importance.    Congress can also play an important role in slowing the growth of operating costs. For example, Congress convenes hearings. I am amazed I would come here and ask for a hearing, but I am not in the House, so I wouldn't get away with that. I think it would be especially important for this committee and other defense committees to hold hearings on the implementation and enforcement of these affordability caps with a focus on the operating and support portions. Congress can also use reporting requirements to shine a spotlight on operating and support costs. The Nunn-McCurdy legislation requires reporting on weapons programs that breach thresholds for unit acquisition costs. And I know from personal experience, sitting in staff meetings, these focus the attention of senior leaders. It is time to consider similar reporting requirements for operating and support costs.    Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, in sum, program managers supervising DOD weapons have a lot on their management plate, especially early in the life cycle of a weapon. But during that period, they do need to consider tradeoffs between requirements and costs and pay attention to these affordability caps if we are to sustain reasonable levels of forces. And they particularly need to focus, in my view, on operating and support costs. It should be the next frontier for acquisition reform. And given its budgetary importance, it is critical that we conquer this frontier.    Mr. Chairman, that completes my remarks.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    Admiral.    Mr. Hale. Well, I don't think the mechanical problems would be an issue, Mr. Chairman. I mean, you can authorize and appropriate funds in the category as you wish. And I don't assume you have to make major changes in the budget. Moreover, I suspect that usually programs are pretty inexpensive when they are starting, that this would not be a large budget issue. The problem comes when you get to the full development and especially the procurement, the budget problems. So it seems like a reasonable thing to me, and I don't see--if there is agreement in Congress and hopefully also in the Department, I don't see why there would be budgetary obstacles that couldn't be surmounted.    The Chairman. I guess my thought was some of the pressures you have been under were, okay, everybody is under budget pressure; you see a pot of money, and everybody starts grabbing for it. So it is not a technical or a mechanical issue. It is more of a cultural question.    Mr. Hale. And a senior leadership issue. I mean, if a secretary or a vice chairman and a chairman want these programs, and they have a rationale for them, they will survive the budget process. I think innovation is probably doing pretty well right now under Secretary Carter. I listened to his speech yesterday. He obviously feels pretty strongly on this issue. So if the senior leaders want this, I don't see budgetary obstacles now. Now, the problem is going to come when you get things out of that you want to buy. And if that increases the number of those without offsets or if we don't succeed in things like controlling operating and support costs, then we are going to have a problem but not just the starting.    Mr. Hale. May I add just one point? I agree that it is starting. I also think there is a human nature problem here. If you are a program manager early in the life cycle of a weapon, you want to get this system going. The key to that is to keep the acquisition costs reasonable so that it gets through the early stages. The operating and support costs are 5 to 10 years out. They are somebody else's problem. And I don't want to be meanspirited and suggest they are not thinking long range. But I do think they tend to focus more on the acquisition. I think we need pressure from within the Department to pay more attention. I certainly didn't see the same interest in operating and support costs as I did, the same concerns about them as I did in acquisition and maybe something like exception reporting a la the Nunn-McCurdy requirements. That said, I would first be quick to acknowledge--and conversations I have had with Frank Kendall I think bear this out--it is hard to estimate operating and supports costs early on. You are 10 years out. You have only a general idea of the design of the weapon. This isn't easy. But I think it is not impossible. And I think we need to continue to pay attention to it and probably pay more attention.    Mr. Hale. So I never escape audit, is that the----    Mr. Hale. So I remain fully convinced that largely for public confidence reasons, it is very important for the Department of Defense to achieve auditable financial statements. I am not involved in it day to day, but I believe they are making progress. I am particularly pleased that they have auditors now involved in three of the services, and I think are close on the Marines for at least portions of their budget statement. And I think it is very important that we get outside auditors involved. The Department will make progress and learn more. You asked about the rollup. I don't think--I long ago learned that this is an esoteric area where I always need help. And I don't have it anymore. But I don't think the rollup problem would be as much of a problem with the Department of Defense because they are carving up the pieces in a way that doesn't overlap. It will be a major problem for the government as a whole if DOD does get close to an audit, and you want to turn to a full audit of the government. Because there are a lot of exchanges of money that will have to be sorted out.    Let me come to your last question, which I think is critical. There are several things Congress can do to help in the audit area. One is to continue constructive hearings. And I give this committee and particularly you, Mr. Conaway, a special credit for the hearings and attention to the issue. Also be patient. I wish DOD had started 15 years ago at this, but they didn't, at least not in the same way they have done in the last few. It is going to take a number of years to actually get there. There are significant problems. The biggest thing that worries me, though, and where you can help is the transition, as you mentioned, to the new group of senior leaders. We need to have a situation that prevailed during my tenure there when the Secretary of Defense and the deputy cared about this, when it was important, obviously, to the comptroller, to the new Under Secretary of Management, and to the service leaderships because they have a lot of the action now. We definitely need the new crop of political appointees to understand this is important. It would be easier for your Senate colleagues to do this because they will need to confirm them. But you can definitely, in my view, play a role by expressing your interest in letters and meetings and perhaps asking questions at hearings once these people get confirmed. So we need at least one more administration and probably a couple to actually get through all of this. And we need to make sure that it remains a high priority. And you can play a role there.    Mr. Hale. So I will stay on my soapbox and say I think the best practice needs to continue to look for better ways to control the growth in operating and support costs, not that the Department hasn't done anything, they definitely have. And the affordability caps provide a forum for that debate. I can't tell you a program where this has worked well. I am not close enough to it now. I can tell you one where I think it is important and that would be the Bradley fighting vehicle replacement. As the Army develops this, they will buy it in, hopefully, very large numbers. And so it will have some substantial effects on operating and support costs. So I think that is one way they definitely need to pay close attention to the affordability cap in the operating and support costs portion of it.    Mr. Hale. I think I am going to defer to the former Deputy Secretary, Ms. Fox.    Mr. Hale. Well, I think right now there is--according to the September 2015 report again, I don't have up-to-date information. They said there were 29 caps. They said it was about 29--or 70 percent, I should say, of the MDAP programs have them. I think most of them are put in place as you get near Milestone B, and because I think you have a better sense then of a weapon that you can cost out. Some of them precede Milestone B.    They didn't get a lot of attention in the September 2015 report. There was one page describing them, but they are also, I think, relatively new, and so I think, as I said, I believe this is an area where Congress can--should continue to ask questions of the DOD witnesses that come before them as to how well they are doing in both implementing and enforcing them. And as you heard me say several times, I would pay particular attention to the operating and support cost portions of those caps, since I think they are newer, harder to do, and probably don't get quite as much attention as the acquisition side. Is there anything you want to add to that?    Mr. Hale. There are two sides to this coin, and we need innovation for sure, and I think Secretary Carter made that clear yesterday and is getting emphasis, but we also, when we develop something innovative, need to have balanced the cost versus the requirements in a way that we can buy a reasonable number of them and pay to operate them.    So I think the affordability caps don't need to stifle innovation, much of which occurs before they are set. I hope that they will help the Department make tradeoffs so that it gets reasonable numbers of these weapons and not the B-2 sort of situation where we bought, what, 21 of them, and I hope we don't do that with this bomber.    The Chairman. Yeah, yeah, me, too.    Mr. Hale, message received on operation and support costs. Do you think it is feasible to have some sort of cost goals or caps for pure services that the Department contracts for, which is an increasing part, as you well know, of the Department's budget?    Mr. Hale. So that is a good question and not one I thought about a lot. I think it is worth thinking about. It probably would have--I mean, for some cases and services, we do fixed-price contracts if we have one, but many of them are not, and it probably deserves some more thought.    And maybe perhaps I could ask Dr. Fox here if she has some thoughts on that one since I don't have anything really good to say.    Mr. Hale. With a moment to think, let me add a thought, and that is, some significant contracts occur in the support of weapons systems. And I think if we find ways to shine a bit more of a spotlight on O&S cost, which I think is starting to happen, but continue that, we will accomplish some of the goal of trading off contracts for services as well as other aspects of operating and support costs, but it is a good question, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. Fox, you mentioned at one point earlier today about the incentives of the program managers to do certain things. One of the conclusions that I think most of us have reached, as we have looked at acquisition, is that is really crucial. You know, we can pass whatever laws we want to, but it is the incentives for the decision makers that really control the outcome.    Do you have any other thoughts or guidance for us on incentives that may not be operating in the way that leads to--that lead to the results we want?    Mr. Hale. So I would just add, we have some predictability for 2017, and I am thankful for that. Although I think the issue of OCO will arise and may affect that. 2018, we are potentially back in the soup, and there needs to be a broad budget deal in a new administration that looks beyond just discretionary spending but also at entitlements and probably revenues as well, and a device to get rid of this meat-ax sequester that was put in place by the Budget Control Act, and I hope that happens. It hasn't been debated much so far, but I hope that it does get debated and that it happens in a new administration.    The Chairman. For what it is worth, I hope it happens, too, and I hope that----    Mr. Hale. Be open--too.    The Chairman . The stability we thought we were achieving last year is the stability that we do achieve this year, regardless of the increased operational costs, which, you know, are a fact, given the way the world is moving.    So, Mr. Veasey, you have a question? You are good.    Mr. Lamborn.    Mr. Hale. I don't have anything to add.    Mr. Hale. Well, as I said in my statement, I would try to build on the framework the Department has to do a better job of controlling operating and support cost because they are so important to the budget, two-thirds of the total defense budget, more than half of the life-cycle cost of weapons. We have got a framework to do that, and this affordability caps that the Department has used, I think it needs more attention and effort to try to control these costs.    Mr. Hale. Well, my evidence is a little out of date, but I think they are serious, and I think they have made some progress in important areas of acquisition reform. To go to your broader statement, Mr. Brooks. We need a broad budget discussion in this country, not just the discretionary spending, not just defense and nondefense discretionary spending, which make up about 30 percent of our spending, as I think you know.    We need to get at the other 70 percent, entitlements, mandatory spending, and interest on the debt, and probably revenues as well, and as I said earlier, I hope that in the new administration, we see a broad budget deal that goes beyond. I might add, Alice Rivlin, who I worked for many years ago and I have great respect for, working, I think, with Senator Pete Domenici suggested what Congress ought to do is start authorizing and appropriating entitlement funds so you don't just focus on the discretionary spending but that you focus on closer to 100 percent of what the government spends. I think that would be a good process reform, but we need substantive reform and a budget deal.    Mr. Hale. Well, I think there are measures that suggest they have already had some success, and again, I invite my colleagues to comment.    Mr. Hale. I don't know if you would call it dramatic or not, but I think they have made progress.