    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate having Mr. Yoho in my debt for over 1 minute, let the record show. But thank you very much for having this hearing. I want to welcome Dr. Moyer and his participation here today. As a WSU alumnus myself, I have a soft spot for Washington State University, and really appreciate your being here to participate today.    Some of the--I don't know if you even know this, but some of the research that is happening at WSU is--there is a small project on my own farm where Dr. Michelle Moyer and--I don't think any relation, and her research team, part of which is my own daughter, Jensina, is working on some wine grape projects on our own farm. So I am very much personally aware of the importance of ag research. As the former director of agriculture for the State of Washington, also very happy to have been a great partner, our agency and--as Washington State University, and so appreciate everything that you do. With all of our representatives here from research universities around the country, I don't understand why the line isn't out the door this morning to listen to some of the exciting things that are happening in agricultural research. Every one of us, as Americans and citizens of the world, are a part of agriculture at least three times a day, and this is very exciting, the important stuff that we are working on.    Dr. Moyer, you talked a little bit about the Specialty Crop Research Initiative Program, and I helped to administer that, was responsible for making sure that projects that were worthy were selected, and important enough to get the funding. I wanted to give you a little bit of an opportunity to elaborate on the importance of that, maybe help explain to some of my colleagues who may not be as informed on what the Specialty Crop Program does and can do?    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Dr. Moyer.--program and it is great.    Mr. Newhouse. Well, thank you. I agree. It is very important. It has been very significant in some of the things that resulted from that. Could you also help us understand the National Clean Plant----    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Dr. Moyer.--Federal funding to support vegetatively propagated crops. And so they provide the grower with pathogen-tested, true-to-type varieties that they can rely on. They know that the variety is what they say it is, and that it is void of harmful pests.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes. Very important part of the economic fabric of agriculture.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes. Well, thank you very much. And again, I thank all of you this morning for being here with us.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Well, now Mr. Yoho only owes you 20 seconds.    Okay, Mr. Thompson.