    Mr. Franks. For 15 minutes, that would be perfect.    Mr. Franks. That is perfect, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Franks. Gentlemen, thank you for being here. This is a discussion of profound gravity. And I find myself with the persuasion of the gentlemen, the first three on my left, simply because I believe it is important to be able to meet a potential enemy with whatever options may be necessary. And they do get a vote in the equation.    So Dr. Blechman, your recommended strategy makes a basic assumption that U.S. conventional military superiority will continue indefinitely. And I hope you are correct.    On the other hand, Mr. Colby's recommended strategy is based on an assumption that U.S. conventional superiority may not continue and that it is eroding fast in places like maritime Asia. And I think that reports and intelligence that I see seems to be on his side of the ledger, to say the least.    If it turns out Mr. Colby is correct, doesn't that make your recommended strategy and posture somewhat invalid?    Mr. Franks. Well, perhaps it is a situation at this point where, you know, just the leadership posture is responsible for some of the issues in the Ukraine and Crimea. But it seems to me like they are handling themselves, at least strategically, pretty wisely.    And it seems to me that you are recommending cuts in the U.S. nuclear force would be difficult if not impossible to reverse in the face of a growing peer threat.    And if you are wrong, I think we are imposing a limited response in U.S. nuclear capability. I think it is a dangerous direction to go in.    Mr. Murdock, part of your recommended strategy of structuring accordingly our deterrence and extended deterrence, you outlined both of these SDF and EDF . And I wanted to draw your attention to your table on page 20 and the last category of massive ordnance penetrator being carried aboard a B-2A and a     I know that this--part of the penetration capabilities is simply the velocity and the inertia involved. And given that these two platforms have wildly different airspeeds, can you help me understand that?    And I am hoping to get one more question in quickly here, if it is possible.    Mr. Franks. Yes, it makes----    Mr. Franks. I think that is extremely reasonable and couldn't agree with you more.    Dr. Colby, you mentioned, if I heard it right, that some of the different ways or some of the mid-range where you can incrementally escalate could include things of an EMP nature. And can you help us understand that a little bit better?    Mr. Franks. Do you have any suggestions?    Mr. Franks. Mr. Chairman, I think the man makes a very important point.    I am sorry?    He makes a very important point and I think it is important that we don't maintain the kind of grid that is so vulnerable that it invites that scenario. So thank you very much.