    Mr. Allen. Thank you. And I had to run out for a moment. I have two hearings going on here simultaneously, but I want to thank you for your testimony earlier. And I want to express to you that I do believe that if we can help other countries develop their agriculture, then I believe that that country will be a friend for life. I grew up on a farm, it is very important not only to feeding people, but it is also very good as far as dignity and the ability to produce something, particularly as valuable as food is, particularly in certain areas of the world.    I guess my question is, there are some nations, obviously, that are difficult to deal with, but are we doing all we need to do in those nations, some kind to mind, I have been on mission trips in several areas of the world; Moldova, Kenya, South Africa, South America. Are we doing everything that we need to do from the standpoint of this House, as far as making this available to these countries?    Mr. Allen. Do you have anything that we need to be doing here----    Mr. Allen. On the other side of that equation, nations that we have assisted, or maybe they have done this on their own, we tend to have conflict with through the WTO and Brazil as far as the cotton market. Right now, in our production of cotton, the world market price is 60, and obviously, our farmers can't make it on that. In your travels and your understanding of the world needs, how can we come together on the fact that we don't want to threaten our farmers, but at the same time, we want to help these other folks?    Mr. Allen. Well, as far as trade agreements, I agree with you.    Mr. Allen. We need to have understandings with each nation, particularly those that we want to do business with.    Well, I yield back the remainder of my time, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Allen. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Ambassador, Bob Goodlatte couldn't stay to get to his question. Can you expand a little bit on what GT was talking about with respect to energy costs and crops that we use. His specific question was, could you elaborate on the policy of potential impact that the diversion of crops to fuel could have on our food security? In your testimony, you talked about the amount of corn crop that goes into ethanol versus foods.