    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank you very much, Mr. Chair. I think it is appropriate to acknowledge we have Members here and witnesses here, how much we appreciate you coming and offering your testimony.    I also think it is important to acknowledge that there are many issues that this Judiciary Committee, my friends on the other side of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats work together and collaborate on. I think that should be a message preceding the very vigorous disagreement and unfortunate interpretation that is now given at this hearing.    Let me associate myself with the words of my Chairman. I would like to think that this is a hearing regarding President Barack Obama's executive actions, and I would prefer him not to be called ``Obama'' and to honor the office which he holds.    I also want to acknowledge the Constitution. We went through this argument, to the various professors, with respect to the powers of this President. And we all can interpret the final words of Section 2, that deals with ``shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.'' And, therefore, we make the argument that the executive actions are in actuality a reflection of those laws being faithfully executed.    So I don't really want you all to suggest that I am trying to show my smiling face, but immediately when the order came out from Texas, Texans and families that would have been severely impacted came together and said they stand with the President for the humanitarian, the relief, the authorized relief, the discretionary relief, that allows him not to convey status, but, through his Attorney General, to be able to have prosecutorial discretion and to be able to discern the prioritization, Professor, of crooks and criminals, felons versus the families.    These are family members. This is an example of a parent who would be, if you will, separated from their child.    And I think I want to make sure and that I have Professor, is it Legomsky? I am so sorry.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Pardon me?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Legomsky. I want to make sure that I pose questions to you in my short period of time, because I think you elevated us to a level of understanding worthy of commentary.    This is a hearing that contributes to political security and not national security. In this hearing, the backdrop, we are not funding DHS. That is a horrific tragedy in the midst of the crisis of ISIL, and we are doing it on untoward and misdirected arguments that really are not accurate. And I think that is important.    I would say to my good friend from Nevada that we have documentation that Nevada would be severely hampered by the presence of your lawsuit, but more particularly not funding DHS. I may have the opportunity to present that into evidence. I am sort of looking through my documents right now.    But there is documentation that grants that you would want and need would not be generated. And I ask you to review the impact of not funding DHS. And you would ask me, well, I am not at a DHS hearing. I just came from one. That is why I stepped away. But you are engaging in a discussion that tracks why DHS is not being funded, allegedly because these executive actions are unauthorized. And it is absolutely incorrect.    Let me also show you, if I might, for the people who believe that this is a frivolous exercise, Professor Legomsky, these are the procedures that the discretionary efforts have asked these individuals to go through. And I think I count up to 15. I would really like to know how many of us go through 15 eligibility requirements to do anything.    Quickly, my question to you is, to go back to this constitutional question of the executive action, and you premised it on the fact that the President, the discretionary authority, but in actuality that the arguments made by my good friends, and I call them that, are incorrect, that his authority that he is now exercising is limited. It is not a broad parameter. It is not offering citizenship. It is not offering the Affordable Care Act.    Could you just tell us how we are in the context of not having a runaway executive, laying the precedent for a runaway executive in the future?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank the Chairman for his indulgence.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, could I ask unanimous consent for introducing two items into the record, please?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I offered an eligibility chart. I would like unanimous consent to place that into the record.    Ms. Jackson Lee. A chart dealing with the State of Nevada Homeland Security profile summary of FEMA, I ask unanimous consent to place that into the record. I yield back.