    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this meeting.    Ma'am, we do appreciate you being here. I know you are fairly new and you are trying to get your head wrapped around it. And I commend you for what you are trying to do. Unfortunately, what we have seen as PHMSA has got a lot of concerns from Congress right now and the way that you are spending money and the grant programs that they are going to. And so that is one of the questions I have.    To the Technical Assistance Grants program run by your agency, it seems to be a tremendous help providing additional training and education on training pipeline safety issues. Unfortunately, I am increasingly concerned that some of these taxpayer dollars are being awarded to groups that publicly oppose new pipeline infrastructure which was not the intent of Congress. With Congress looking to reauthorize the program, can you assure us that you will provide the oversight necessary to ensure these grants are being executed as Congress intended?    Mr. Mullin. Specifically, directing though the issue, how are these grants getting into the hands of people that are opposing it? If it is supposed to go for training, how is it going to people that oppose the pipelines? That has nothing to do with training. That has to do with people that are environmentalists, that they don't want the infrastructure built to begin with and they are spending money to oppose the pipelines to begin with. It has already been happening, so how can you assure us it is not going to continue to happen? The oversight, what steps has your agency taken since you have been at the helm since August?    Mr. Mullin. What are those requirements?    Mr. Mullin. Specifically, do you know what those requirements are?    Mr. Mullin. Are those the same ones that have been in place? Or have they been changed since you been there?    Mr. Mullin. So no changes have been made to assure these programs can be made. What we are trying to do here, ma'am, is we want to make sure that the tax dollars are being used for their intended purpose. And if there has been no changes made, we already know that these technical grants that went to organizations that don't support pipelines period, they oppose them. These are for training to provide safety for those that are installing the pipelines and maintaining the pipelines, not for opposition groups. So if you haven't made any changes to it, then you can't assure us that it is not going to continue to be spent in the wrong way.    Mr. Mullin. But even by saying that you did it annually, there has been no changes. So does that happen annually then? Have you not done it since you have been there?    Mr. Mullin. Could you please do me a favor? When you do look at it, could you get back to either this committee or to my office and let us know what changes are going to be made? Because I can tell you that if it is going to continue the way that it is going, then there is no way I am going to be able to support reauthorization.    Our number one goal is to have the intent of what Congress had for the tax dollars to be spent that way. And when we have opposing groups that are provided with grants that are supposed to be for safety and technical training and they are using it to oppose the projects to begin with, it seems like that is a waste of taxpayer dollars. Would you agree?    Mr. Mullin. We will be happy to provide you with a list of those that have received those grants.    Now to switch real quick to my last question, I want to talk about states. What is the relationship between the states and PHMSA right now as far as with pipeline safety and training and working with the states and not against the states?    Mr. Mullin. Thank you and I went over my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for yielding more time to me. Thank you.