    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you very much.    Madam Attorney General, welcome. We hope to be seeing you for a bit, at least for the next 14 months.    I have a question relative to the issue of the Guantanamo detainees. Congress recently passed and the President is expected to sign into law legislation that explicitly prohibits the use of Federal funds to move detainees from Guantanamo Bay to the United States.    Former White House Counsel Gregory Craig recently wrote an op-ed arguing that the law is unconstitutional and that President Obama can legally ignore it. Since you are America's top lawyer, do you believe that President Obama could legally ignore legislation prohibiting the transfer of detainees to American soil?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Congressman.    What I would say on this issue certainly is, as the Administration has stated, the closure of Guantanamo Bay is something that is part of the Administration's policy, and the Department of Justice supports that, as well.    At this point in time, I believe the current state of the law is that individuals are not transferred from Guantanamo to U.S. shores. That position is reiterated by the legislation that you mention. And my understanding, as you indicated, is that I do believe the President has indicated that he would sign that.    And, certainly, it's the position of the Department of Justice that we would follow the law of the land in regard to that issue.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Well, the question I had is, do you believe that the law is unconstitutional, as Mr. Craig has opined in last week's Washington Post? And would you ignore the law based upon that argument?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Mr. Congressman, I'm actually not familiar enough with Mr. Craig's analysis to comment on that. So I'm not able to comment on his views about the statute.    Certainly, with respect to the existing state of the law, the Department of Justice is committed to fully following that. And the closure of Guantanamo Bay is being carried out in compliance with that law.    And so I believe that it is the view of the Department that we would certainly observe the laws as passed by Congress and signed by the President. Only very rarely would we take the step of finding that an unconstitutional provision was something that we could not manage. We would, of course, seek to work with Congress and the Administration to resolve that issue.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Now, does this mean that you think it's okay for the President to transfer these people, who are some of the world's most dangerous terrorists, to countries other than the United States but it would not be okay for him to transfer them to the United States?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Mr. Congressman, the current state of the law allows for the transfer of certain detainees from Guantanamo Bay, those that after a vigorous review process are placed in that transfer category, to countries that, after significant vetting and promises of management, can accept them.    With respect to individuals being transferred to the United States, the law currently does not allow for that. And that is not, as I am aware of, going to be contemplated, given the legal proscriptions.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay.    Let me ask one question on an unrelated matter. As you may know, the House, last month, passed a bill called the Judicial Redress Act, which, in my opinion, is essential to enforcing an umbrella agreement to transfer law enforcement information from certain European countries to the United States and vice versa.    If the Senate fails to pass this bill, in your opinion, what will be the effect on the sharing of law enforcement data with certain of our European allies?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congressman.    We fully support the Judicial Redress Act. And I actually would like to thank you and the other Members of this Committee for the important work that you've done on this issue.    As you have noted, this legislation is critical to continued law enforcement sharing of information from the U.S. and the European Union. In fact, I have been involved in discussions with ministers from the European Union on the Data Protection Act, often called the Umbrella Act, as well as the Judicial Redress Act.    It certainly is our view that this important legislation should be passed. It would provide, as you know, redress for European Union citizens should there be an unauthorized or misuse of their data here in the U.S., which is a privilege enjoyed by U.S. citizens within the European Union.    Without this, we do have a grave risk of not having the completion of the data protection or umbrella agreement. And I think, sadly, recent events have shown us the importance, the critical nature, of making sure that we have these safe and secure portals for transferring information from one law enforcement entity to another.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Let me make one point, as my time is expiring. While the Judicial Redress Act does not deal with the sharing of counterterrorism information, there frequently is an interface between those who want to commit terrorist activity and those who do commit petty crimes which would end up being in the law enforcement file.    And I would just look at today's New York Times, where comments relative to the attack in Paris and what apparently happened in a neighborhood in Brussels, where it says, ``In a neighborhood known for extremists, a trail of petty crimes and missed plots.'' The Judicial Redress Act might be able to put the pieces of the puzzle together from petty crimes so that there can been missed plots.    Thank you for your support.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Congressman.