    Mr. BLUMENAUER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And it will be fun to engage in this conversation, and I appreciate your starting it because the testimony here today, I think, was very useful. Maybe it's rehashing things that we've gone over before, but it's important, I think, to be able to have these things in mind.    Mr. BLUMENAUER. I will consider that. Absolutely. But part of it, I think, Mr. Chairman, is how we proceed to go forward and being able to focus on areas where there is consensus. We have a lot of value rattling around in this system. We have not extended ourselves to be able to deal fully with cost control. We have a tidal wave of geezer baby boomers like me who are getting ready to tap in.    I have, I must say, real concerns about what we're going to do if we're going to start raising the retirement--the age of eligibility, what happens for those senior citizens between 65 and 66, 67, 68. They're not going to be less expensive to care for.    And if you pull them out and put them on their own in the private sector, which is costing more and has had greater increases, what are we doing to the pool? You actually may coincidentally make it more expensive to deal with Medicare because you take out some of the people who are the least costly and you put them on their own to navigate it. I don't know that we would get very far with something like that, but we can debate it.    But I'd like to think about how we combine the programs, how we make Medicare Advantage truly have performance metrics, because there's a wide variation. I represent if not the highest penetration of Medicare Advantage, maybe the second or third in the country. And I will tell you they're not all alike, and I want to make sure that the performance metrics that we put in with the Affordable Care Act are real. I've enjoyed working with Congresswoman Black in terms of finding some areas of value-based design. These are areas that we can squeeze more value and better performance.    We need to update and modernize hospice benefits. I mean this is something that has a transformational effect. Finally, we have end of life care payments and we're putting more value on it. There's a potential here to squeeze hundreds of billions of dollars out of the system over the next decade while we give people better care.    So I'd like, Mr. Chairman, to be able to focus on a little deeper dive. This is great information, I think, for us all to listen and think about, go back and forth with some of the proposals that we have.    But I think before we wade into things that the topline people will battle over, we can do that. But there's lots of consensus I think here for things, expanding the pilots, modifying the benefits, looking where value really exists and being able to build on some of the bipartisan interest that we've had on this Committee and elsewhere to be able to deal with it. Because, yes, we're going to probably need more revenue when we have tens of millions more senior citizens.    I know Medicare traditional Fee-for-Service has held the cost down, and there is tremendous potential with Medicare Advantage. But we haven't tapped into it, and they still continue to pay more than Fee-for-Service even though when we set it up originally back even before we were here, it was perceived to be a 5 percent premium reduction because it should be more efficient and more effective. And I'm not willing to have to inflict a cut, but I want to get more value out of it, and I think we ought to be able to do a deeper dive to be able to understand it.    So I appreciate the testimony. I appreciate the discussion on the Committee, and I'm looking forward to seeing if we can take three or four areas that we all probably agree have great benefit, show the performance, reward areas of the country that actually have better performance, don't penalize them, and make those structural changes. Thank you.