    Mr. Gibson. Well, thanks, Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen, thank you for your service, your leadership, the sacrifices of your families. And the question I have is going to be for both the Army and the Marine Corps. And as a premise for that, myself, the chairman, Sergeant Major, Congressman Walz and others here on the committee, we have introduced a bill to stop the drawdown for the land forces.    We know that this is a very serious bill because it has consequences. It has impacts all the way across the budget. But it is our judgment that, you know, given the assumptions that were in place when decisions were made on the sizing of the land forces, we think there has been significant change and much more risk today such that the risk to deterrence, the risk to fighting and winning the war, and the risk to families in terms of the dwell time and impacts are such that we feel the need to come forward with the bill.    My question to the witnesses today has to do with impacts on modernization. So the staff we are in the process of collecting information as to what the price tag would be for that because the leaders of both the Army and the Marine Corps have been very clear that while concurring with risk assessments it is paramount that we not hollow out the force so that we have the resources necessary to not only man the force but to equip it, to modernize it and to still make the investments across the full spectrum, family readiness, and also R&D.    So I throw it over to the panel in terms of what that means in as much specificity as you can give today, but then of course for the record if you want to follow that up because we are going through this in great detail here in the committee.    General Murray. So Congressman Gibson, thank you for that question, and you took away my line. So both General Milley and General Allen have talked about this specific issue and I think what both of them said, and you have alluded to it all along, that is an increase in end strength without an increase in topline would just make the problems we have right now even worse in terms of how do you balance structure versus readiness versus modernization?    And I really think it talks about, you know, if this were to come to pass as to what type of formations would be built with that increase in terms of a modernization bill. So until we get a little bit further down the road and if it happens, you know, what specifically are we talking about? I could come back to you with a lot greater detail in terms of what it would take to equip and modernize those additional formations if that gets a little bit at your question.    General Walsh. Congressman Gibson, thank you also for that question. I think looking back, you know, when the Marine Corps was downsizing from 202,000 and we were on that slope down trying to figure out what was a good number for us, I think we came up with a number of about 186 at that time. And we ended up with 182, which we are probably at about 183 right now on that slope down to 182.    As we looked at that is what are the trades as you start to come down? And just as General Murray said, you start, you know, balancing readiness, force structure, modernization. So I think as we look at that, deployment-to-dwell is one of those things. What are we being challenged to do with right now? And our OPTEMPO certainly has not changed a lot. I mean, we are a very busy force, a very busy Marine Corps.    So from a structure standpoint you can only push the troops so hard, so any increase in strength I think it certainly, like you talked about, is going to have to have some cost to it, some increase in resources. So it can't just be an end strength add. We have got to be able to have the resource.    So to going back to that Marine Corps Force 2025 that we are in the middle of doing right now is the assumption right now that we are going at is we maintain the 182,000 number structure. And how do we gain in added capabilities that we need within that structure? So the trades we are looking at in there as we drill down right now, things such as, you know, information warfare, as quickly as that is moving the technology in that area with cyber electronic warfare, information operations, more command and control capabilities.    All those come at a cost and a lot of those marines that come in that area that are signals intelligence, electronic warfare capability, and our communications and computer capabilities, those are more senior marines. So we are trying the process of trying to grow a more senior force in a lot of ways and try to retain more seniors. That also comes with a cost.    So I think it, just like General Murray said, we would have to get back to you. We are right in the middle of this, really, this drilldown in it and what we need in the future force. The goal where we are at right now is if we had to maintain at 182, knowing what adds we would have to get, what capabilities we would have, knowing that we are going to have to take risk and try to determine where the risk would come in that area.    So as we go through this and we start moving towards a Quadrennial Defense Review position, we are going to already have kind of in our mind what are things we need to have to be a more modern force? We are then going to have to determine is do we have to take risk from other areas to be that more modern force? Or would there be a topline add increase in force structure, like you suggest, and what would be the bill that would go with it?    Mr. Gibson. And Chairman, if I could just close here. I had a chance to talk to the Commandant last week about this and for situational awareness it is 184 is the number in the bill. And I know that the Marine Corps right now is struggling with and even looking at some what I would consider uncomfortable questions as to what would have to be decremented to meet some of the priorities. So I think the 184 is probably a good number for the Marine Corps, better than the 182, but knowing that we have to get this overarching cost filtered into that.    General Walsh. And if I could just follow up? And I know the Commandant testified to this also that, you know, as we look at that he is looking at even within our formation such as our infantry battalions.    Mr. Gibson. Right.    General Walsh. So if you take an infantry battalion that has 950 marines today, a very formidable fighting force, but know that we don't have the 21st century-type capabilities that we need in the future to fight on that modern battlefield against near-peer threats and hybrid competitors. So if you are going to have to do a zero sum trade in there you are going to have to take away some of your infantry firepower capabilities that you have got right now to bring in----    Mr. Gibson. And that concerned me.    General Walsh . To bring in some of those other ones.    Mr. Gibson. Right. Thanks so much. I yield back.