    Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    And I thank the panelists for being here today to talk about the President's AUMF.    And I would like to make a couple points, and then probably, Dean Chesney, I am going to come back to you.    You know, the fact is it is so vague, and y'all have already commented on that, and whether it should be expanded beyond ISIL, as to what groups could be a threat, what groups need to be fought and defeated. Let me make that point.    Also, the issue of sunset, whether it should be sunset or not. I was in the Congress--I have been here 20 years--I was here at9/11. I was part of this committee at that time. I remember the anxiety of the American people--and also those of us in Congress, by the way, that we had to do something, we had to give President Bush the authority to fight this enemy that had done so much damage to America. So we passed the AUMF for 2001 and then a year or two later we passed another AUMF for Iraq.    Well, I bring that up because we are still there. If there had been a sunset with either of the two, do you think, Dean, that President Obama would have thought he had the authority to bomb Libya?    Bob Gates, the Secretary of Defense, was sitting exactly where you are when my good friend Randy Forbes, who has now left the committee for another meeting, asked Secretary Gates, ``If Libya had dropped a bomb on New York City, would that be an act of war?'' He never answered. He never answered.    So the point is that Mr. Obama did not come to Congress in any way to say to the Congress, this committee or any other committee, that we have got a problem with Gaddafi and Libya and we are going to attack. That is what has got the American people concerned not just about Mr. Obama, but any President that has any type of authority that he or she can turn their nose up to the Constitution.    And we are complicit, as a Congress, if we give them such authority that there are no limits to that authority, and actually, there are no end points to the strategy that an administration--forget whether it is Obama administration or another administration--that we become complicit, as Members of Congress who uphold our hands and say, ``We will support the Constitution of the United States,'' and we know the requirement of the Constitution as it--excuse me--as it reflects to war powers.    So my question to you is that if these 2001 and 2002 had had a sunset, do you think that Mr. Obama would have felt that he could bypass Congress and bomb a foreign country? Because my belief is, as a non-attorney, that if he had done that then we get into international law, that I don't think any nation, as great as America is, should have the power to just decide to go in and bomb another country because we don't like their leadership.    And so, therefore, I think the AUMF needs to be vetted very carefully as we move forward. But I want to ask you--if you got a minute, give it to you, I want to ask you that if we had sunsetted those two AUMFs, do you think Mr. Obama would have felt he had the justification to bomb Libya?