    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to go back to a couple of things that were brought up earlier.    Mr. Concannon, in your written testimony you say that 42 percent of SNAP benefits lived in a household with working adults. Can you positively affirm that the working adult in the household is the SNAP participant? That is a yes or no.    Mr. Palmer. No, sir. Let me rephrase it.    Mr. Palmer. Can you positively affirm that the working adult in those households is the SNAP participant? It is a yes or no.    Mr. Palmer. You can positively affirm that? I find that answer ----    Mr. Palmer. Well, it doesn't indicate that the income is from that participant because it could be another adult in the household. And I bring this up because ----    Mr. Palmer. Excuse me. Your own information says that in 2013 three-quarters had no earned income meaning they were not working at all. That is from USDA. That is your number.    Mr. Palmer. I am referring to the food and nutrition service characteristics of supplemental nutrition assistance program households, fiscal year 2013, U.S. Department of Agriculture.    Mr. Palmer. No, I am talking about ----    Mr. Palmer. I would appreciate that, and I believe the committee would, too.    Mr. Palmer. Ms. Mayhew, earlier when Mr. Concannon indicated that he had run the Maine program, it appeared that you wanted to make a clarification. Would you like to do that now?    Mr. Palmer. Would you turn on your ----    Ms. Mayhew.--Mr. Concannon's response. Clearly he was a commissioner of the--of a Department of Human Services. Since that time, the agency has certainly changed somewhat. It merged. It created a much larger agency. But certainly I appreciate the history that Mr. Concannon has particularly with this program in Maine. Thank you.    Mr. Palmer. I appreciate that. I am staying with you, and we touched on this a little bit before we had to break away. Do you believe there is a growing epidemic of SNAP benefits exchanging their cards for drugs?    Mr. Palmer. This past February, my own State of Alabama started to allow individuals with previous drug convictions to be eligible for benefits such as food stamps, and it is coming at a time when Alabama's monthly average SNAP enrollment has almost 20 percent more Alabama enrollees than we have in K through 12 public education system. So we are giving out food stamps, SNAP benefits faster than we are educating children to prepare them to join our workforce. Why shouldn't we be able to require drug testing in the program to ensure that taxpayer money is going toward the recipients it was intended, and why should the State be obligated to fund those programs if the individual engaging in activity that is harmful to them is not conducive to their reintegration into society?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Chairman, with the indulgence of the committee and the chair if I may, I would like to make one other point and that is in regard to Ms. Dean's comment that we went through a recession and apparently believes that our economy has recovered. I would wonder if our economy has recovered why there are almost 5 times as many people on food stamps as there were in 2008 and three times as many as in 2009. I yield back.