    Mr. Rigell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Commissioner, thank you for being here today and for your testimony.    It has been my experience here in 5 years of service in the House that so often in these hearings it is not too surprising that Republicans, we really focus on really reducing spending, and often times my Democratic colleagues are making the case for the other side of things.    Just for the business background, when I try to assess and work through that, because I am a fiscal conservative and I am deeply, deeply troubled by us being $19 trillion in debt, I think really it is a fundamental threat to our country. And we are all in this together, Republicans, Democrats, those who are fed up with both parties. From coast to coast, we are all in this together.    So as it relates to the IRS, an evaluation of the request that you have made and just some of the comments that have already been made today, I try to look at this, as best I can, from an objective standpoint and trying to assess performance, and indeed your performance. That is part of what we do here.    So performance over time is something that I always look for in evaluating a business unit or something like that. It is difficult for me to at least easily--I know you would be very good to come by and explain this to me. I have met with you privately before and you have always been responsive.    That said, if you could incorporate into your summaries, at least I would ask for performance over time, that is the efficiency numbers that you are using, the cost per thousand collected. And also, because I know that it is not just cost per thousand that we are looking for and that you should be evaluated on, but also, and importantly, the quality on a range of different metrics there.    So with all that said, is your cost per thousand, according to your own data, is it increasing, decreasing, or staying the same?    Mr. Rigell. Well, let's talk about that just for a moment. I remember from my econ class a long, long time ago, when marginal costs and marginal revenue are equal, you have maximized profit.    Now, let me say right up front, I know this is not a business, we are not in the profit business. But this idea of optimizing the right amount of tax collection, not more than is owed, but not less than is owed, that is the optimum.    So does your budget reflect, are you saying, could you make the argument that if you got the budget request that you had asked for, that that is the optimum? I mean, that is, if you start to spend more than that, you are going to actually maybe collect less than it cost you to collect it?    Mr. Rigell. There you go.    Now, I have got about 30 seconds, and let me just close with this. I just wanted to share with my Democratic colleagues, the ranking member and others, every line of our budget needs to be given scrutiny, and including the IRS. And this is just part of being prudent and doing right by the taxpayer, all of us.    But what is driving our fiscal situation overwhelmingly is our failure collectively to responsibly reform mandatory spending. And I just want to close with that, because that is really what has got to be done. I know it is outside the scope of this hearing, but we have got as an institution to address that thoughtfully, because that essentially is what is driving us in our fiscal situation.    Thank you for your service, and thank you for your testimony today.    I thank the chairman, as well, and I yield back.    Mr. Rigell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Donovan, I thank you for being here today.    Mr. Rigell. And I want to give you credit right from the start. I think you are trying to do the best you can. OK? That said, the differences between your assessment of our situation and, indeed, the President's assessment of our situation and my own and what I see in my colleagues, the differences are profound, and they are fundamental.    I had the opportunity to meet with the President--it was a few years ago, and it was just for a few minutes. But in those few minutes that I had the opportunity to speak to him, I went right at this issue of our fiscal situation. Above all else, it is what concerns me.    And I would just associate myself with the remarks of my colleagues. We didn't meet beforehand to understand where we were coming from on a line of questioning, but it resonates with me, the alarm that they are expressing.    And in the Nation's capital, I think hyperbole is used oftentimes, and the word ``crisis'' is used on just about everything, but I am submitting to you that we do, indeed, have a fiscal crisis. I don't believe that your testimony here today reflects the crisis we are in. I don't think the President's words reflect the crisis that we are in.    In fact, I associate myself with what Mr. Womack said. I walked out of the State of the Union, and I just thought, it is like he is just completely unaware of where we are headed financially. Interest rates can only go one way, right? Which way? Up. $130 billion for each 100 basis points, 1-point increase. That is hardly reflected in all of this. I look at the President's schedule, what he talks about when he is in public. It is like fiscal Orwellian speak.    You know, I have been a businessperson all of my life and dealt with budgets. And I look at your own testimony, Mr. Donovan. Look, page 1, bottom paragraph--and I know you know the difference between the debt and the deficit, but listen to this sentence. ``The 2017 budget continues this progress. It shows''--OK. You talk about that we are proud of the President's budget, that it meets the test of fiscal sustainability--listen to this part--``and putting debt on a declining path through 2025.''    Does the President's budget put debt on a declining path through 2025?    Mr. Rigell. No, it does not. As a percent of the GDP, it doesn't.    And, by the way, I agree with you on that point. Everything ought to be evaluated in terms of percent of GDP--revenue, expenditures, the debt as a percent of GDP.    But words matter, Mr. Donovan. I would expect that you of all people would understand the difference here. You said you are putting the debt on a declining balance through 2025.    Mr. Rigell. No, it is--no. No. Debt is increasing.    Mr. Rigell. We need to be precise----    Mr. Rigell. Oh, is that what you--that is not what it says. Look, this isn't a matter of semantics. I get the difference. Listen, I am in favor of evaluating things of the percent of     Mr. Rigell. You are misunderstanding the point I am making.    Mr. Rigell. No. On that point, Mr. Donovan--please. You are a smart guy. I am not trying to talk down to you. I think we are trying--the thing is we only have 5 minutes. It goes just like that.    On that point, I am in agreement with you. I really believe everything ought to be evaluated as a percent of GDP. That is how every lender does this. That is how I ran my business. It is your ability to repay. And that is a percent of--whatever it is, your business cash flow or whatever. On that point, we are in agreement.    I am saying that, even in your written testimony, you said, we are putting debt on a declining path. Now, if I was putting my business on a path of declining debt, that means I am paying down my debt.    The reason I bring this to your attention is because, when I hear the President speak--and, indeed, it is kind of embedded in your own testimony here--it is a bit Orwellian. And what I mean by that is that you are not dealing with reality, the stark and harsh and troubling reality of our fiscal situation.    The President references in extremis point of deficits, and he says, ``I brought them down.'' He doesn't go on to say, ``But they are still way too high.'' That is what leadership is.    And, look----    Mr. Rigell. Well, no, see, the challenge that--see, this Orwellian speak here--and, look, I still associate myself--there is a fundamental difference between this side and that side. And, frankly, we are right on this. We are calling attention to our fiscal situation. You are not expressing any real concern about where we are headed.    Mr. Rigell. I will tell you----    Mr. Rigell. You know, the President is not fighting for this. He didn't say hardly a word about it in the State of Union speech, hardly a word. That is not leadership.    Mr. Rigell. And the clock is ticking on his administration. The clock is ticking on our country.    Mr. Rigell. No, I am sorry. Listen, I don't mean to raise my voice. And I appreciate the ranking member----    Mr. Rigell. No, he is----    Mr. Rigell. Mr. Chairman, may I just have 30 seconds?    Mr. Rigell. OK.    Mr. Rigell. And I just--I thank the----    Mr. Rigell. And I respect the ranking member.    And, look, it is an honor to be on this committee. And I simply want to say, look, we are fellow Americans trying to get this right. And I have problems with my own party. The Americans for Tax Reform pledge is mathematically indefensible.    I am simply submitting to you, Mr. Donovan, that part of leadership, and I think the fundamental part of it, is the proper assessment of the current situation and the trajectory, the direction we are going.    My concern here today is not something I have contrived. I know these hearings are so often thought of as theater. I am not saying I care any more than you about our fiscal situation. But it keeps me up at night, and, frankly, I wish it didn't--I didn't think about this as much as I do.    But when we get on the flip side of debt and we are there, we are there, 200 basis points, 2 full interests--2 points going up, which is frankly within reason, $260 billion. And to the ranking member's point, my own party has contributed to this situation. I didn't like it when I was told to go out shopping when we got into wars. I wanted somebody to tell me how I needed to sacrifice. I never heard that.    But I have taken enough time, and I thank the chairman for his extension of time, and I thank the ranking member for his comment, and I thank you for your testimony today.    Mr. Rigell. Thank you.    Mr. Rigell. I didn't know that.    Mr. Rigell. Thank you.    Mr. Rigell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Secretary Lew, thank you for being here and for your testimony today.    I appreciate Chairman Rogers bringing up, though, our overall fiscal condition. It caused me to seek this office about 6\1/2\, 7\1/2\ years ago, my first, because of my concern about our fiscal trajectory and our condition. And that is what I want to discuss with you briefly here.    Let me first say that I believe that both sides have contributed to this. I think the evidence is pretty clear on that. As a fiscal conservative and as a Republican, I believe that we fought for this a lot harder, though, and I want to walk through that just a little bit.    If I look at where we are on this growth, about 6 years of growth, our economy is cyclical, we are probably due for some type of correction here in the future. And then interest rates, I am convinced, can only go one way, they can only go up.    And all of this is really troubling to me. I think the consequences of us not addressing this are far more severe than, I think, most leaders in Washington. And I don't say that with any hubris, like I have got some special insight into it. In fact, I hope I am wrong on all of this. But the evidence, I think, doesn't point to that.    Here is a quote by then Senator Obama in 2006: ``America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership.'' I mention that because I am mindful of the feeling that I had when I left the State of the Union address not long ago, and I thought about what he didn't say. He didn't really address our fiscal situation. I think he has failed to grasp our fiscal situation. I don't say that in a partisan way. He is my President right now, right, and I was really disappointed in my President. I don't think history is going to be kind to us.    And I am going to give you time to respond to this and maybe you can tell me: Congressman Rigell, it is not as bad as you think it is. I am not sure how you can work through that, though, because every trend is going the wrong direction. And I am convinced that your administration, the administration, and I would respectfully submit that you as the Secretary of the Treasury have a duty to raise the alarm level here and put more a sense of urgency about this.    And I want to give you some time to respond. And thank you for being here.    Mr. Rigell. Let me say this. And I only cut you off because our time is so limited. Every administration official that has testified here, at least the ones that I have heard, there is always a backward looking--and, look, let's just say I--let's just even say hypothetically--I don't--let's just say I agree with that. What I am not seeing is this really fighting for mandatory spending reform. It is just not happening. It just isn't.    Mr. Rigell. Well, part of this, the President has got to lead and make the case with every American that for us to get out of this, that there has to be the thoughtful and substantive reform on the mandatory side. I have not seen it.    Look, I had an opportunity to speak to him once privately. I did. He said: Scott, what is on your mind? I said: Mr. President, we are not doing enough on this, we are not doing right by our children. And he is not fighting for it. I just haven't seen it.    And I know that the clock is ticking on the administration's time, but I would implore you, just as a fellow American, to make this case, because if we don't, we get on the flip side of debt, and we are about there right now, and then your lender starts telling you what to do.    I thank you. And out of respect for my chairman, I think I will yield back.    But thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rigell. I thank you for your testimony.    And I thank the chairman for giving you that extra time. Thank you.