    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, thank you, Ranking Member Cummings for conducting this hearing. I appreciate the efforts to streamline the security screening process for low-risk individuals and shift focus to those who are deemed at higher risk. My understanding is that all airline passengers are compared to Federal Government terrorism watch lists through the Secret Flight program. Ms. Grover, is that correct?    Mr. Clay. OK. But only individuals enrolled in the PreCheck Program are also checked against other law enforcement lists such as immigration and criminal data bases; is that correct?    Mr. Clay. And the PreCheck program requires individuals to self-report any new criminal activity or convictions after they are enrolled. In other words, individuals have to self-report any new crimes; is that correct?    Mr. Clay. Mr. Roth, does this self-reporting requirement pose a potential security risk?    Mr. Clay. Any idea of how many have self reported?    Mr. Clay. Ms. Grover, any idea?    Mr. Clay. OK. Ms. Grover, GAO's recent report identified instances in which Secure Flight did not accurately identify passengers on government watch lists; is that correct?    Mr. Clay. What were GAO's findings with regards to the ability of Secure Flight data appropriately designating individuals at low risk?    Mr. Clay. What measures can be taken to ensure that Secure Flight accurately assesses the risk level of all passengers?    Mr. Clay. Then how do you keep from I guess stereotyping or profiling travelers? I mean, what are the precautions put in place to not do the profiling?    Mr. Clay. OK. Mr. Roth, you made 17 recommendations to TSA in your March report, and many of them dealing with the ability of the PreCheck initiative to effectively assess risk level of the individual. Can you briefly walk through the areas you see as needing improvement?    Mr. Clay. That's unfortunate. Thank you all for your responses. And Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Clay. Sure, I yield.