    Admiral Davidson. Thank you Chairman Forbes. Chairman Thornberry, Chairman Wittman, Ranking Member Courtney, Ranking Member Peters----    Admiral Davidson . And distinguished members of the Seapower and Projection Forces and Readiness Subcommittees, good morning, and thank you for your active interest in fleet readiness. I appreciate your comments very, very much. It is my distinct pleasure to introduce these witnesses today, these exceptional captains you see before you here to testify about our Navy.    These are just a very few of the extraordinary men and women we call upon to lead our Navy at the tactical level, and I think you will be impressed. Most importantly, they are in the front lines of fleet readiness. As a fleet commander I am charged by the Chief of Naval Operations to make the fleet ready. That is to say, prepared. To do the mission the Congress has given us in law, ``To be prepared for prompt and sustained combat incident to operations at sea.''    In my book there can only be one standard for that. It has to be ready, prepared to fight and win. We know the American people expect nothing less, and frankly, we expect nothing less of ourselves. I won't belabor adversary and threat details as testified to you by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, the CNO , and numerous other experts. They have made clear the evolving international security environment, the nations and actors who would challenge the world order--Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, and terror groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda. These countries and entities, in different forms, are developing and procuring advanced and/or asymmetric systems to hold allies and partners at risk, to deny us our sea control in the Navy, and to threaten our homeland and our interests.    In that light, the business of making the fleet ready to fight and win is much more difficult than the bumper sticker allows. Key to it is the prompt and sustained standard we receive from the law. To truly understand whether the fleet is ready, it must be understood that the Navy has to be able to do three things. First, we have to be able to rotate the fleet out on routine deployments around the globe. Second, we have to be able to surge the fleet in crisis. That means conflict, war. That means more ships, more squadrons, more submarines, and more groups forward in times of significant contingency or war, and then we have to be able to fix it and reset it after that. That means re-equip it and get it ready for the next possible contingency and at the same time continue to rotate it out on routine deployments.    And third, we have to be able to maintain and modernize the fleet to ensure it is functional, viable, indeed credible, meaning ready to fight and win, until its expected end of service life. Sometimes that is decades in the future.    These three components of our readiness are all intertwined, and yet all in tension with one another. If we keep too many of our capabilities forward on routine deployments, we may not have the numbers we need to surge in crisis or the time to maintain and modernize these capabilities necessary for future success and future generations of sailors.    Conversely, if too many of our ships and aircraft are in maintenance and modernization then the combatant commanders do not have the credible combat power needed to deter and dissuade potential adversaries and competitors to assure our allies and partners or to protect our maritime security and the homeland.    Too much of one thing typically results in too little of another. Nevertheless, we must do those three things to meet the prompt and sustained standard established by title 10. That said, if there are not enough resources to do all three at once, we will typically favor our readiness for deployment over the two priorities. I owe that to our sailors today, and I am doing precisely that this year, 2016.    Let me give you an example.    Earlier this week many of you visited the aircraft carrier USS Dwight D. Eisenhower. It is 39 years old. In just a few days it will be on its way for its fifth routine deployment in the last 7\1/2\ years. In just a few weeks, they will be flying strikes in combat against ISIS.    It is the fleet's job to ensure those sailors in Ike and her escorts go on deployment with everything they might possibly need: food, fuel, repair parts, ordnance, the aircraft, the medical support, and, most importantly, the training to succeed in their mission and return home safely, and that is the mandatory metric, to succeed on the mission.    Our first priority is to make sure our deployed and deploying forces like Ike are fully ready, that they have everything they need to execute combat operations and succeed. We do a good job at this, but it is not without cost.    For example, if I have to ensure that 10 like strike fighters are in a single squadron on that aircraft carrier and they need the same capability, I will tax units that are back here at home--those designed to be later in for surge or those in maintenance and modernization of aircraft to make sure that we have the requisite aircraft forward. If I need 10 forward, I do routinely operate 4 aircraft in squadrons in the rear.    If a ship forward with Ike strike group, for example,--as would any of the forward-deployed ships either homeported, overseas or deployed from CONUS , if they need a part that is not immediately available in their stores or not immediately available in their supply system, I will tax a ship back in CONUS for that part, either out of their stores or, if I have to, I will take it directly out of a combat system to deliver to that ship forward.    Ike strike group is ready to go, and I am committed to ensure that they are ready while they are forward. And all of it--the equipment, the ordnance, the sailors and their training to make them ready for deployment--that is investing in the ``prompt'' part of the mission that you have given us in law.    The ``sustained'' part--sustainment means building deep preparedness. Our ships, squadrons, and other tactical units must be ready to be surged in time of conflict as I said or maintaining and modernizing for the threats of the future and to deliver on the exceptional return of investment in your Navy.    Ideally, the fleet maintains reliability in its platforms and proficiency in its sailors by sustaining readiness in its forces fresh off deployment. Additionally, we would endeavor to build readiness for full-spectrum conflict, great power competitors, as the CNO cited earlier this year, by doing more intense training for longer throughout the life of any ship or squadron.    After all, these are the forces we would use to surge in conflict and war. Maintenance and modernization is just as important. Ike provides relevant combat power today 39 years after her commissioning because we invested in maintenance and upgrades throughout the years including refueling the reactors, modernizing the combat systems aboard, and putting new aircraft in its air wing.    My favorite metric: during Ike's nuclear refueling overhaul more than a dozen years ago, we removed more than 5,000 tons of wire--5,000 tons of wire--and replaced it with fiber relevant to the capabilities needed in our combat systems for today and tomorrow. That investment in time and money is important.    For me, in 2016, the fleet is challenged to provide that kind of sustained mission. We are $848 million short between Admiral Swift and the Pacific Fleet and myself of the operations and maintenance requirements. That is just 2 percent of the readiness requirement across the whole of Navy readiness and the fleet will have to make--take action to meet our financial responsibilities.    The shortfall developed based on a handful of emerging challenges this calendar year--this fiscal year. Excuse me. First, we extended Truman strike group on deployment to support strike operations against ISIS. Second, we have observed increased costs with several aircraft: older F/A-18 A through D Hornets, both in the Navy and Marine Corps, and Marine Corps CH-53s and MV-22 Ospreys.    The cost to maintain these aircraft this year is higher than modeled and anticipated. These aircraft are simply older than we anticipated when we bought them. We have been using them longer. Also, we are working hard to improve the supply and availability of repair parts with Navy F/A-18E/F Super Hornets to improve their flight line readiness this year.    Third, ship maintenance growth and execution has exceeded the planned and budgeted costs over a year ago. As a result, the fleet will have to take some risk. That is to say, incur consequences, if they are not mitigated later, for the longer term. Across both the Atlantic and Pacific Fleets we will delay four surface ship availabilities and one submarine major maintenance availability from the fourth quarter of this fiscal year into next year.    We will also reduce three smaller, less intensive maintenance periods for two amphibious ready groups and one carrier strike group. That is an additional dozen ships. We will reduce the flying hours associated with one of our carrier air wings that is not expected to deploy in the next 2 years as well.    Delaying these maintenance periods and pressing them into the next fiscal year--fiscal year 2017--the budget currently under consideration is not optimal, but it affects the smaller number of ships. I will not embark on a path that partially accomplishes all availabilities across the entire fleet. That is a dangerous practice that rapidly builds maintenance and capability backlogs that are difficult to recover.    Indeed, we are digging out from that sort of policy more than a decade ago.    As you can see, readiness in the Navy is a very complex discussion. Some of the risks, the consequences, if not mitigated later, are borne out with reduced training and readiness levels for our surge forces. Some of our risk is carried in longer-term sustainment with maintenance delayed for our ships and our submarines.    Accepting these risks means accepting less readiness across the whole of the Navy, less capacity to surge in crisis and wartime, and perhaps living with the reduced readiness on our ships and submarines that would keep them from reaching the end of their service lives. In either case, recovering from these situations will cost us more in time and money in the future.    These are the fleet readiness challenges and our plans to execute today in fiscal year 2016. To provide the additional context from fleet operators, we have assembled before you a panel of our--four of our commanders: Captain Stearns, commanding officer of Strike Fighter Wing Atlantic. He leads all F/A-18 Hornet and Super Hornet training and readiness on the East Coast.    Captain McRae, he is the deputy commodore of Submarine Squadron 6. He oversees the training and preparation of seven attack submarines and their crews.    Captain Odenthal, commodore of Naval Construction Group 2. He heads up our Atlantic Seabees and underwater construction teams.    And Captain Robertson is the commanding officer of USS Normandy, fresh off an around-the-world deployment last year--the Navy's first with our Navy's integrated fire control-counter air capability--an extraordinary capability; and his ship is in maintenance today.    Like all of us, they are committed to ensuring the best possible readiness in the fleet for today and for our future. Thank you. Thank you, Chair.    