    Mr. Shiffman. Thank you, distinguished members of the subcommittee, for inviting me to provide testimony today on the economic views of security implications of the security----    Mr. Shiffman. Okay. Is that better? There we go.    I can offer two distinct perspectives on this challenge. First, as a behavioral scientist and as a former senior official at U.S. Customs and Border Protections, I have spent a lot of time thinking about how understanding essential characteristics of human behavior can inform our understanding of organized violence.    I have divided my comments today into three sections. The first provides an economist's view of a way to think about security and the refugees. The second discusses my experience as a practitioner of national and Homeland Security. And third suggests a framework for policy options.    One, a behavioral economist's perspective. Economists see all human interactions as exchanges taking place within markets, with individuals regardless of race, religion, or ethnicity, making decisions that maximize welfare for ourselves, our families, and our communities. Competitive marketplaces demand cooperation in order to maximize our goals, leading individuals to divide the world into us and them. Political violence, such as insurgency and terrorism, occurs when scarce conditions allow violence to become economically feasible. In other words, people choose violence when it is the best way to achieve their goals in the face of scarce resources.    In Europe today, continuing mass refugee streams will continue to strain resources of European populations, creating conditions of scarcity that highlight competition and sharpen divides between host and refugee, between us and them.    As we may have predicted, we are witnessing political parties and viewing rhetoric with divisive language manipulating us versus them narratives and exacerbating tensions. This increasingly divisive rhetoric recalls historical examples of politicians using hate-creating stories to discredit opponents and better their own positions. Harvard economist, Edward Glaeser, points to three examples: Anti-Black hatred in the American South, anti-Semitism in Europe, and anti-Americanism in the Arab world. These hateful narratives lead Glaeser to point out that when populations are socially isolated and politically relevant, stories of hatred are likely to take hold and recruitment and violence can follow.    European States and the EU stand at a crossroads between becoming a melting pot or remaining a federation of nations with distinct national ethnic and religious identities. The economists view would suggest that regardless of the choice, policies that create politically relevant and socially isolated populations be avoided. So how do we do this? Section 2, reflections of the practitioner.    Regarding security challenges, we focus on two primary vectors. First, the possibility for terrorists to embed themselves within refugee streams and the potential for radicalization among refugee communities. High levels of single men in the refugee populations raises concerns that extremist groups, such as ISIL, have embedded members in the refugee streams. Existing radicalization of European societies coupled with the widening gulf between host and guest communities raises real concerns on the potential for refugees to radicalize and become violent.    With regard to border security, the United States offers an opportunity for comparison. The United States screens for terrorist risk factors throughout the screening and asylum processes. The United States does a good job of integrating immigrants and refugees when they arrive, and significantly, the United States does not require border states to take full responsibility for border security costs. Instead, the bulk of the responsibility is shared across the entire tax base of all States. This poses a comparative question: Is the European Union, as a collective, capable of sharing the costs and the benefits of screening and integration? To what extent should border states such as Hungary and Slovenia bear the brunt of this responsibility?    Section 3, some thoughts on the response framework. The European Union is capable of benefiting from the refugee streams if it approaches the refugees as a source of needed workers while managing risk. Despite this potential benefit, EU member states may not have the capacity to address the speed and scale of the current flows either from a fiscal or a security standpoint, especially in the border states where the initial asylum claims are made.    Issues of preserving national identity are real and must be treated as legitimate policy goals. As a result, governments will need to choose who is permitted to enter Europe by increasing screening measures limiting entry and sharing the fiscal responsibilities. Screening measures might be improved through cooperation and data analysis. Limiting entry might focus either on the most vulnerable population, such as women and children, or on populations fleeing from ISIL-controlled areas. And in integrating refugee populations into the labor force might mitigate fears of radicalization by avoiding isolation and minimizing social welfare costs.    So my three key takeaways, first, regardless of the decision made on numbers and locations of refugee flows, threats may emanate from socially isolated and politically relevant populations.    Two, the EU can manage risks associated with terrorism and other organized violence, but perhaps not each member state possesses the capacities, so we need to think about shared costs and benefits.    And three, the EU is capable of benefiting from the refugee streams if it approaches the problem as an opportunity to integrate a needed workforce. Thank you.    Mr. Shiffman. Mr. Chairman, I hope not. First, let me say this is the most esoteric congressional hearing probably in a long time. So I appreciate the committee taking on these sort of more philosophical ideas.    The idea that Professor Lewis was talking about and how that merges with what I am talking about is, you know, these ideas that create cohesion among the society are important, and this is what allows for the provision of public goods and peace and stability. And all of that is absolutely at risk right now. You are absolutely right, as you said in your opening statement.    What I tried to point to in my comments are, well, you know, if you are not able to stem the flow, then what are the things that we need to think about? And we need to think about this idea of social isolation and political relevance. That is what sort of the economic literature would suggest. What that means is, and if you look at some of the examples that I cited, you have got this group that doesn't integrate, that is seen as outsiders, they are seen as others, they are not us; they are them, but they might be in sort of in my country now, and there might be some detriment to me from them being here. And that is a great opportunity for what I would call entrepreneur as a violence, to step forward and talk about, you know, recruitment and inciting things that we don't want to see. So those are the things I would point to.    Mr. Shiffman. That is right.    Mr. Shiffman. I don't want to comment on the specifics of, you know, any particular European country and what they are doing, but I think from the reading of the newspapers, absolutely, this is something that we need to be concerned about, and that is why I am flagging it in my testimony for you all, is to the extent that the flow is too fast, and you can't do proper screening and vetting, that is the first threat factor, which is sort of the terrorist integrating within the flow.    And then the second is, even when they enter, they are not ISIS affiliated once the threat from radicalization. And that is where I point to those two ideas of socially isolated and politically relevant. And that is something, if we can't slow it down--well, I mean we have to worry about whether we slow it down or not, but those are the things that I suggest the committee think about as they hear further testimony from other folks more expert on the specific policies of the European Union.    Mr. Shiffman. So let me address your first point, Congressman, which is there is--putting this back into economic terms, right, there is a tradeoff. Everything is a tradeoff. And, you know, in the United States, we have the melting pot, the phrase I used in my testimony. We have this identity of we are the melting pot. We have hyphenated Americans, and that is fine. Right? I am a Cuban-American, a Russian-American, a whatever-American, and that is welcoming here. And that is a wonderful thing. And that has led to what makes us great, as the chairman said, and that also contributes to economic growth and development and GDP growth and trade and all of these other things.    There is a tradeoff that European States have to make right now, which is, they need the workers, but that is going to--they can get workers, and they can get GDP growth; they can get economic growth at the cost of that melting pot. Right? And are the European States really ready for a melting pot approach? Do they want hyphenated, you know, fill in the blank, or do they want to keep their national identity? That is the nature of the tradeoff right now.    My third point is that there is an economic opportunity here. Right? There is an opportunity for increasing GDP growth, but it is going to cost you culturally. It is going to cost you ethnically and nationally, and that may not be what people are willing to do. And I don't think they are. And if that is the case, then, you know, the rest of my testimony was, well, how do we address what really might backfire on us, which is, where is the violence going to come from. And that is what I think we need to focus on.    Mr. Shiffman. Right.    Mr. Shiffman. So my quick response, in the U.S., the reason we build walls on our border is to slow the flow and to direct the flow where we can screen people. That is why we have walls on the U.S. borders. If you look at high-density urban populations without a wall, people are run across the U.S.-Mexican border and within 60 seconds they are in a safe house. We put a wall up, slows them down, so they have to get through the deserts of Arizona or they have to go through a point of entry. So walls make sense when it comes to securing borders. That is a good thing.    And so when we see it applied in Europe, it is the same idea. The broader point I tried to make in my testimony also is, this isn't a Texas problem. This is a U.S. problem. So when we think about Europe, we need to think about how do we stem the flow? How do we slow it down? How do we get control of it? How do we do screening in a way that it is not just Hungary's problem, but it is something that is collectively addressed both in the costs and the benefits side.    Mr. Shiffman. So, Judge Poe, I agree with the way you have laid it out very nicely. The direct concern to the United States is so, to the extent this happens and these folks' mass migrations happen into Europe, they are now in visa waiver countries, and so they now come into the United States. So this very quickly becomes a United States, you know, national security issue. So we absolutely have an interest in this immediately.    My comments about the way Europe could handle this better is to look at some of the things that we have learned here. First of all, the border states aren't solely responsible for this. Right?    Mr. Shiffman. Financially. Fiscally. Right? You know, looking at the border states----    Mr. Shiffman. Again, with the caveat I am not an EU follower, that is my understanding that the burden is falling disproportionately on the border states for doing that screening, which makes absolutely no sense for U.S. national security, let alone for Europe's national security.    As you said, we need to, to use your phrase, which I like, we have to know first and foremost who it is, and second, why they are coming. We are not built to do that right now in Europe, and it seems what the United States needs to do is be a part of fixing that. Right? This is----    Mr. Shiffman. Well, you know, the United States Government knows an awful lot about border security. I was fortunate enough to be a part of the early days of DHS here. Lots of folks have experience that could be beneficial to the European Union. I think they need to address it as the European Union, though. This isn't Hungary's problem; this is EU's problem, and by extension the United States as well.    Mr. Shiffman. So, first, let me agree that this is--it is hard not to think of this first and foremost as a humanitarian crisis that we all have to take very seriously. And I think--for myself, that was my first response, is well, as a national security professional, you are still sort of--the humanitarian component of this still comes first to mind.    So, in my testimony, as I suggested, Ms. Frankel, there may be ways--if you are not going to let everybody in, and as Judge Poe said, not everybody is coming for the same reasons. Right? Not everybody is coming in because they are persecuted and fleeing for their lives. They see an opportunity to get into Europe, get into Northern Europe and get into a nice welfare State.    Mr. Shiffman. So if we can screen out, which is hard to do, if we can screen out, then it makes sense to me to focus on the most vulnerable populations first, and that is something I think we know how to do. At least the United States knows how to do that.    Mr. Shiffman. Sure. As I pointed out in my testimony, what concerns me is having unintegrated populations that have political relevance, and that is what I think historically, when we look back, tends to provide the opportunity for violence, definitely and stability.    So as Professor Lewis said, right, these shared--the common good, the shared stories, the shared languages, these are always in which we integrate populations, as Mr. Sires said, we failed to do that. If they come in anyway, large numbers----    Mr. Shiffman. No, ma'am. I don't know how much we are giving, and if it is----    Mr. Shiffman. That is outside my----    Mr. Shiffman. Yeah. Right. In terms of sort of just per capita and GDP growth, it most certainly is a net benefit, but it might not be a benefit for everybody. So there will--I will give you an example. And we face this in the United States with having open borders and free trade and stuff like that. So there are certainly individuals who will lose out on an economic opportunity as other people come in and replace them and----    Mr. Shiffman. So what I would do is go back to the points we have been talking about, is knowing who is crossing the border. I imagine there are some folks who are highly trained, highly educated who will be able to contribute to the economy right away. There might be other folks who, you know, it might take a generation.    Mr. Shiffman. Yes, sir.    Mr. Shiffman. I don't intend to make it happen. I am just suggesting to the committee some things that you might want to take up in your conversations.    Mr. Shiffman. I understand.    Mr. Shiffman. Sure. The precedence of our citizenship should--our citizens come first.    Mr. Shiffman. First and foremost, yes, sir.    Mr. Shiffman. Through this political process that we are taking part in here.