    Ms. Bawden. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me today to discuss GAO's report on the framework established by the Department of Energy and its National Nuclear Security Administration for overseeing management and operating contractors. These M&O contractors are trusted by the Government to achieve some of its most sensitive national security missions.    GAO has reported for decades on the management challenges DOE faces for contract administration and oversight. My testimony today highlights three findings from GAO's recently completed work on NNSA's framework for overseeing its M&O contractors, as well as preliminary observations from GAO's ongoing work that includes examining oversight of WIPP.    These findings from our work and the parallels drawn to oversight of WIPP are particularly important in light of two competing narratives about DOE oversight of M&O contractors.    On the one hand, there are the series of safety and security incidents on which GAO and others have reported for years. Many of these incidents have indicated the need for better oversight, such as the 2012 security incident at Y-12, 2008 security performance issues at Livermore, and safety and security performance issues at Los Alamos in 2004 and 2006.    On the other hand, there is discussion of Federal micromanagement of M&O contractors and excessive and burdensome requirements that affect productivity.    DOE's current oversight framework, which was established in 2011 to bridge these two narratives, requires M&O contractors to develop assurance systems, or CAS, that provide data to help contractors drive continuous improvement in their operations and that can be leveraged, when appropriate, to improve the efficiency of Federal oversight by relying on the contractor-generated information from CAS.    A 2011 NNSA policy elaborates on DOE's framework by identifying assessments Federal overseers should conduct to determine when it is appropriate to leverage CAS for oversight. These are: the risk of an activity, the maturity of the contractor's CAS or a way of thinking about the reliability of the information provided by the contractor systems, and the contractor's past performance.    NNSA's policy describes balancing the oversight approaches that can result from these assessments. On one side is transaction-based oversight or direct oversight, such as inspections and performance testing, particularly for high-risk or high-hazard activities. And on the other side is system-based oversight, where NNSA can rely on contractor-generated information it receives from contractor systems.    In our recently completed work regarding NNSA's implementation of the framework for overseeing M&O contractors, we found the following:    First, NNSA has not fully established policy or guidance for implementing its framework to oversee M&O contractors. Specifically, at the headquarters level, NNSA does not have guidance to fully support conducting the three assessments required by its policy. While NNSA has some guidance for assessing risk, it has no policy or guidance for assessing the maturity of CAS or for evaluating past performance. We concluded that, without this policy or guidance, oversight approaches could over-rely or under-rely on information from     Second, NNSA field offices have developed their own procedures for conducting assessments of risk, CAS maturity, and contractor past performance; however, these procedures are not complete and differ among field offices. We concluded that differences among these procedures affect NNSA's understanding at the enterprise level of how oversight is conducted. For example, when field offices use different procedures for assessing CAS maturity, it is difficult to compare the maturity of these systems.    Third, NNSA no longer uses the process it established in 2011 policy to review the effectiveness of oversight approaches in place at each contractor site and field office, including how CAS is being used for oversight. This process was discontinued after the Y-12 security incident and has not been replaced, in essence eliminating the one process NNSA had that would have allowed the agency to determine whether oversight approaches are consistently applied.    Regarding WIPP, our preliminary observations on oversight of WIPP underscore the importance of having clear guidance on when and how to rely on contractor information for oversight. Notably, according to DOE's Accident Investigation Board report, NNSA's Los Alamos field office, responsible for overseeing waste packaging, was over-reliant on CAS for environmental compliance oversight and that this reliance was not consistent with an NNSA review that observed CAS was still maturing.    Thank you again for having me today. I look forward to responding to your questions.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. That's right.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. That's correct.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. They do not have a current process in place.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. They do not have policies in place. That's correct.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. Yes.    Ms. Bawden. Thank you for the question.    NNSA is utilizing many different approaches at its sites across the spectrum of available transactional and systems-based options. What we found is that you really have to go to each individual site to figure out whatever site approaches they're taking, and information about oversight broadly was not available at the headquarters level    Ms. Bawden. The field offices are making their decisions at each site.    Ms. Bawden. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bawden. I think the recommendations that we made that were aimed at improving policy, consistency, and fully fleshing out this framework would help give us that confidence.    Ms. Bawden. Yes. They were required.    Ms. Bawden. Our findings, similar to what the Accident Investigation Board report found, were that revisions to policies, improvements in policies are needed. And the proof is really going to be in the implementation of those policies once they're completed. And we will look at that as part of the followup on the recommendations that we've made.    Ms. Bawden. What we looked at in the course of our review was the policy that was in place and how it has been implemented. With respect to part of the question that you asked on sort of leadership and political leadership, the Mies-Augustine panel that was commissioned by Congress to review governance did look at that issue, but GAO has not.    Ms. Bawden. Thank you.