    Mr. Wilson. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Rush, and the other members of the committee, my deepest gratitude.    I am a 36-year-old black man who was raised in the South Side Englewood neighborhood of Chicago. I was born to a single, teenage mother, Elizabeth Wilson, and have two younger siblings, Natasha and Tabitha Wilson. My mother's parents died while she was in her teens. My father played no role in our lives. Today I don't know if he is dead or alive.    We were poor. My family received SNAP benefits, and a small amount of money that my mother received afforded us a very humble apartment during a period in Chicago where the murder rate was nearly twice the rate it is today. Despite my impoverished circumstances, I matriculated through the Chicago Public School System and graduated from Lindblom Technical High School. In 1996, my joy of having survived to the age of 17 and graduating high school displaced my need to put together a long-term life strategy and plan of execution. That lack of having specific goals contributed to me becoming a teenage husband and father, ready to repeat the cycle that is commonplace amongst those in communities similar to mine. The walls of hopelessness and poverty waited to trap yet another tenant and disrupt the generational foundation necessary to break this destructive cycle.    The birth of my firstborn, Erin Wilson, provided me an opportunity to be a man whose values and principles would be the polar opposite of the man responsible for my birth. That opportunity came in the form of a career serving in the U.S. Navy as a nuclear operator and submariner. My 6-year career provided me the base knowledge and unique skill set that was attractive and needed by the commercial nuclear industry.    Exelon Nuclear gave me my first opportunity as an IBEW union chemistry technician and instructor. That opportunity set a trajectory which allowed me to obtain my senior reactor operator certification for training in December 2013. Since Exelon, I have worked at various commercial sites. Every job I have had in the industry has provided me with at least $100,000 annual income. The new awareness of this life-changing career path inspired me to partner with my best friend, Dion Clark, of TCI Solutions, also a Navy nuclear operator and senior reactor operator certified trainer. Though Dion served as part of the Navy surface fleet, we won't hold that against him. Dion, a product of Chicago's South Side Robbins neighborhood, and I decide that we wanted to share the opportunity we had been given with our community, the under-represented, disadvantaged, and underserved. Our philosophy was simple: If we could make it, so could they.    And here is how: We created the Legacy Initiative, a program that is rooted in the concept of teaching young people how to think critically. Our youth span from elementary through high school, and we challenge them to take a moment and ask, with this decision, is what I am about to gain worth what I might lose? We incentivize this intrinsic behavioral change by using ourselves as muses, making them aware of the opportunity and educating them on how to attain these opportunities.    From 2008 until now, we have taught our character development and logic curriculum to more than 4,000 youth in Chicagoland, Arizona, and Pennsylvania. We have partnered with the Center for Energy and Workforce Development. We are now implementing the second phase of our strategy to pipeline these young people to those post-secondary institutions that have 2- and 4-year STEM degrees. These individuals in turn will become the qualified, skilled workforce that the energy and manufacturing industries need.    This bill would make what were a series of chance encounters and good timing for me into a template for deliberate, rewarding strategies for those demographics I represent and more. As evidence, I offer that my daughter, who graduates in June from Kenwood Academy in Chicago, will be entering the historically black university, Howard, majoring in nuclear engineering. My oldest son, Willie Hampton, graduates next year and intends on obtaining his 2-year technology degree, getting a job as a nuclear operator, taking courses while he is utilizing his company's tuition reimbursement benefit, and then graduate with his undergraduate degree at the same time as his high school classmates. But he will have 2 years of work experience, having enjoyed a six-figure income and having no debt.    Our paths like the ones funded and supported by this bill ensures that my 5-year-old son, Charles Wilson II, and others in his generation don't have to experience poverty and can start to build the generational wealth and opportunity that evaded the generations before them. Thank you.    Mr. Wilson. Combination of both, Mr. Chairman. What we found in our time was that we have to change the behavioral process and thinking of the young people in some of these communities. We can't put them in front of an employer and they don't know how to make better decisions for themselves. So we wanted to instill things like self-concept and self-respect, accountability. And then with that, we can instill leadership. So that is the first part, is to change that behavioral attitude and decision making.    Secondly, yes, we do want to then train them with those stackable credentials that the doctor mentioned and also the wrap-around services that Ms. Martinez also spoke to. So there is a collaborative aspect that has to come with this. So there is the training, not only with the mentoring but also with the skills that they need to--into the energy sector.    Mr. Wilson. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Wilson. To also ask you the question about other areas, there are two other areas that I think that we should concentrate on as well and that is the wrap-around service aspect. Groups like the United Way, if we can utilize those non-profits that will take care of the things that children have to consider or youth have to consider, if you are wondering about eating, you are not going to concentrate on your math and physics. So if we have those things that sort of take those concerns off the table, I believe that will help strengthen that pipeline.    Secondly, when they get to these schools, do they have adequate housing? That is something that I had one of my youth contact me about and say though he can get into the school, which was Linn State, he didn't know where he was going to live. So that is another concern is when they get there, how do we make sure they are taken care of when they get to these collegiate levels?    Mr. Rush. Again, I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman. This has been so far a very exciting hearing for me. Mr. Wilson, as I read your testimony and listened to your testimony, I couldn't help but be moved by your story which is a story that has been shared thousands and thousands of times among youth across the Nation. It reminded me also of my own life story, and I was also raised by a single mom with five children on the South and West Sides of Chicago. And I am a high school dropout. I dropped out of high school, but now I have two bachelor's degrees. So overcoming the odds is something that I am real familiar with. And so your story reflects and is parallel not only to my story but to others.    I applaud you for not settling for the life that was right around you, the life that you observed day by day, getting up in the morning and going outside and seeing the negativism that is around you, and somehow you had to dream bigger and dream further and dream the impossible. And so I applaud you for not only dreaming the impossible but you believed in the impossible and believed that you can overcome the odds and make the impossible possible. So I really congratulate you. I know the path and the steps that you have gone through.    And I just want to take a moment. Ms. Martinez, it is so good seeing you again. We were on the same panel some months back, and welcome. But Mr. Wilson, in your testimony you stated that success came from unexpected and unplanned manners. Tell me what did you mean by that? Explain that more. How do you think that provisions of this bill can help other young men and young women through real-life conditions and help them to realize that similarly evasive but real nearby American dream if we only had the courage to step out? How do you think this bill will assist in that manner?    Mr. Wilson. For me, it is important for me to think about the fact that there is more, there is more to it. And sometimes it is just a matter of exposure. When I was in Chicago and those neighborhoods, I wasn't exposed to anything. I could only see what was in front of me, and I didn't have many role models around for me to see what was possible. So when I speak to the unexpected, I didn't script this. I spoke to my mother the other day, and I said who would have thought in this small bedroom on 56th and Hermitage that I would be sitting here in front of Members of Congress? That is what I mean. It is not about where you are from. It is are you going to use it as a crutch or are you going to use it as fuel? And once you are exposed, once you have access, I believe that these young people that we are talking about, they will see what they need to become. We will incentivize that behavioral change. We will see that there is something to lose. And when you feel like there is something to lose, it changes your behaviors.    So for me, that is what did it. I looked at my daughter, and I did not want her to have to repeat the cycles of not having a father in her life. He became, my father became, my fuel. If I do the opposite of what he does, he has given me my blueprint for me to be successful and hopefully raise successful children. And I want to speak to a legacy. This is what it is about for me. My children saw me and how I did what I did, and now their efforts are deliberate. They are planning it. It is not happenstance, which is what happened for me. If I didn't have a friend, Brady Fox, that went to the Navy and said, hey, do you want to come? I looked around. Why not join the Navy? And with that, I was selected to be a part of the Navy Nuclear Propulsion Program, and I am able to now say that that gave me the foundation that I have right now. And with these institutions, these educational opportunities we have now, this can now again be another pathway that wasn't expected and now exists. And I believe this bill will allow more of these type of stories to again be delivered.    Mr. Wilson. My skills from an educational standpoint came from Lindblom High School. It was a technical high school. And it was very rigorous in the sciences and the math. I was unaware that I would need to use algebra or understanding what velocity and force and anything meant. And it is funny. There is an exam that is required once you take what they call the ASVAB for the military. I was then selected to take this nuclear entrance exam. I recall one of the questions talking about speed, and it happened to be something I paid attention to with my teacher, Mr. Robinson, in physics. I needed a 50 to pass, and I had a 52. And there were five of us that took it, and I was the only one that actually passed. And when I looked around, they took me into a room and they said, we want to talk to you, Charles. I said, what is that? You are the only one that passed. And I looked at people who were college educated around me. They were speaking about this nuclear program as if it was something that they knew that they were going to get. I looked around and I was the only one that passed.    So I would say that that time in high school, that education, that math and science focus, is what gave me the foundation. Any other skills came from just truly survival, being in Chicago. And I was a pizza delivery guy. I don't know if that had anything to do with it.    Mr. Wilson. My mother first. Elizabeth Wilson represents fortitude, strength, and more importantly resiliency. You have to understand, a teenage mother having three children and not planning her life to be that way and not having her own parents to fall back on because both of them died while she was a teen.    And so she literally was trying to write the book as she was moving forward. She inspired me. She gave me the belief in myself as well. She encouraged me to be free. I used to enjoy bringing As home to her because she smiled, and that inspired me to want to do that more.    When I got to high school, my classmates, watching how they got up every day to come to school, despite the odds, gunshots, three or four different gang neighborhoods that we would walk through, and I saw them come every day. And there was a joy to come to school with everyone from Lindblom. Those things, that relationship, is what caused me to say I want to do more. I want to do better than what I am seeing.    Mr. Wilson. I believe the first thing is we have to be transparent and honest about what opportunities exist. Very many times we speak very vaguely about what an opportunity is. So someone from let's say my neighborhood, when I would go speak to the young people that we had in Chicago and other places, I would literally take them my paycheck, and I would pass it around and I would tell them to look at the number on my paycheck and let them see me tangibly and give my story and say I am nothing but you. There is no magic pill except focus and having specific goals because after you have these specific goals, the map to get there will lay itself out.    So I think when you are honest and transparent--the other thing is you have to be very transparent about your errors. We typically try to gloss over the errors and only get to those good things about us. So being transparent is what allowed me to now have people that trusted me, and when I give them now these suggestions, they will take it for face value initially, and then when they see the results, they are bought in. So it actually becomes intrinsic because I first show them that it is possible, and then secondly, here is what it takes to get there and then they will believe it.    I think that is what it is. All people need is an opportunity, and if they see that it is possible and they see someone in front of them that looks like them that can speak to and articulate a message for them that is palatable, I think they will get it from there.    Mr. Wilson. That is correct.    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Pitts.    Mr. Wilson. Is there a way to make effectively a liaison within each department that is meant to sort of see what the overlaps are----    Mr. Wilson . With the Department of Commerce, with the Department of Labor, where there is a person that looks and sees, OK, what active efforts do you have?    Mr. Wilson. Exactly.    Mr. Wilson. Then they all just effectively maybe do like a sit-down once a month or whatever any new legislation that comes out specifically for their groups.    Mr. Wilson. Is there a way to have maybe a liaison or person----    Mr. Wilson . To reach out----    Mr. Wilson. For example, specifically in Phoenix, we have created a program called Legacy I-3, and its purpose is to partner with these community colleges and some of these apprenticeship programs and such. There is a specific partnership that is created with APS in Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station, and they have created an ambassador program. So what they do is they actually come to the client schools that we have in Phoenix, in the Phoenix Union District, and takes the students from the class to different job sites so that they are exposed to seeing that this is really what we are telling you theoretically in the classroom. So I think that is an example. If you partner with these member companies, they will have volunteers and those within their organizations that would love to come and then bring those students to their worksite.