    Mr. Keating. Well, thank you, Chairman Poe, for conducting the afternoon's hearing, and I appreciate your concern for terrorist financing and your leadership on continuing this conversation both within Congress and externally. I would also like to thank Chairman Wilson and Ranking Member Langevin of the Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities for their shared focus and work on this subject as well.    And of course, I appreciate the time of our witnesses who have joined from the Department of State, Treasury, Defense, and Interior to discuss this critical topic. Your ongoing attention and commitment to countering terrorist financing is the bedrock of our coordinated effort to stop the money flow, as the title of today's hearing suggests.    I also think it should be said strongly and with great appreciation for the work that is done by our men and women that are serving so well in the military. Just within the last 4 weeks, I was honored to join them aboard the aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman and see their mission in interrupting financing as well in a direct military sense. Their success at destroying cash depots and interrupting oil supply has been extraordinary, and their service should be recognized in this hearing as well.    But as we know, terrorist financing has to be resolved at many levels in terms of trying to attack it, and it is a complicated, intricate, nuanced, and clandestine effort, making it difficult to identify, follow, and to stop. Organized groups such as ISIL rely on diversified revenue streams ranging from pirated oil fields and extortion to imposition of taxes on areas that it controls, to seizures, and to the sale of looted antiquities.    Our concern doesn't end with the trafficking of foreign terrorist organizations, however. Organized crime syndicates also fund illicit activities through a variety of subversive efforts. Wildlife trafficking, for example, is estimated to generate billions of dollars for organized crime enterprises. It has also been reported that these groups are using human and organ trafficking as well as--for a revenue source, in addition to illicitly smuggling tobacco and tobacco products.    Not only do such black market dealings contribute to an illegal economy, but they fuel instability and they undermine global security. This is not to say the U.S. has not had success. Just this week, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service led efforts to institute a near total ban on domestic, commercial trade of elephant ivory, which aims at reducing the opportunities for wildlife traffickers to trade illegal ivory under the guise of legal products.    Over a 3-year period, an estimated 100,000 elephants were killed for their ivory, which is an average of approximately one every 15 minutes. These animals--ivory generates millions of dollars in illegal funds.    Separately, last month, the President signed into law legislation that imposes tough new import restrictions on antiquities that attract trafficking out of Syria. I was proud to play a leading role in advancing H.R. 1493, along with the support of the Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce, Ranking Member Engel, and Chairman Judge Poe.    These successes, however, should not allow us to become complacent. While identifying and stopping traditional financing methods, such as hawala and hawala trade-based money laundering, the cash couriers are important. Agencies must look at new and emerging ways through which organizations are able to generate funds.    Virtual currency platforms and digital finance allows organized crime and terrorist groups to commit crimes anonymously. Digital currencies could facilitate money laundering, alleviating the need for criminal infrastructures at their base.    With respect to terrorism, anonymous marketplaces on the Internet allow the sale of illegal goods and services and risk the convergence of terrorism and organized crime. We must utilize all the resources at our disposal to target every terrorist organized crime funding entity no matter where it comes from.    I look forward to hearing from today's witnesses on these subjects, as well as working with our international allies to end and prevent terrorist organizations from generating this type of illicit money.    Thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am curious. There has been cooperation with the United States and the EU in terms of the so-called SWIFT agreement, which is Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. And I wanted to know, we have heard that there is concern from the European front that privacy issues might present problems with them cooperating on that. Could any of you comment on that being compromised by their concerns and, if there are going to be any alterations in that, whether that is going to be something we should be concerned about?    Anyone?    Mr. Keating. All right.    As the chairman and I were discussing during the break, we are both struck by the fact that there is $80 billion annually that comes directly from illicit tobacco trade. It is now equal to cocaine trade in terms of illicit.    Is there anything being done to curb that illegal trade? What is being done? Is that being used by any groups as well?    Mr. Glaser again.    Mr. Keating. Would you think the same for human trafficking, as well? That is something you don't hear about, but is there any way these groups are getting any kind of funds, indirectly or directly, from human trafficking?    Mr. Keating. There has been a lot of focus with ISIL on use of cyber networks for propaganda and recruitment, but, also, the virtual currency exchange platforms are something of a concern, as well. Because it is public knowledge now that those involved in the Paris attack used prepaid cards to rent hotel rooms the night before the attack. We also have concerns with Bitcoin and other financing mechanisms.    Is that something you see as a new challenge or a challenge that you have already seen and are trying to address?    Mr. Keating. Yeah.    Mr. Keller, in particular, you know, Turkey was recently taken off the Financial Action Task Force gray list, which is used to describe jurisdictions with deficiencies when it comes to counterterrorism financing, because it passed new terror finance laws.    But there are experts out there telling us that Turkey's implementation of its terror finance laws have been poor. Do you agree with that assessment? And, if so, what is the State Department doing to encourage Turkey to substantively go after terror financing in that regard?    Mr. Keating. Yeah.    Mr. Keating. Well, I think--thank you, Mr. Keller. I think my time is up, and I yield back.