    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And thank you for your service in such an important role. I have to say, last night, I hope everyone got to go to the Congressional Night at the National Portrait Gallery. It was an incredible location and very well done. So thanks to all that were involved in that.    Now, there is always concern on the upkeep of buildings and making sure that we don't defer maintenance. That happens sometimes just because the money is not there.    And I know we have a new museum that has been talked about that will open next year, a very exciting time. There are others that are being discussed.    But there is also a concern that, as we go forward and we build new museums, that we have the ability to maintain them and do the upkeep and maintenance. So this is going to be a major lift.    But, as far as families, the Air and Space Museum is one that everyone likes to go to. And it is very special because there is a plane there from my congressional district, from Meridian, Mississippi, the Key brothers' airplane called the ``Ole Miss,'' for which they set the record for longest time in the air, 27 days, back in 1935.    And their partner, mechanic, inventor, and friend, Mr. A.D. Hunter, invented the shutoff valve so you could safely transfer the fuel, which even today, with just some minor modifications, is still what is used today.    And you have got this single-engine plane that they stayed in for 27 days with a catwalk built around it because they had to climb out and service the engine during flight.    So during construction we are confident that will be fully displayed. But, anyway, that is another deal there. But it is true. Every exhibit has a great story. And so we are very thankful for that and those opportunities that are there.    How do you foresee going forward--and I know Chairman Miller discussed this. You are planning on keeping this open, at least in part, during those construction years. How many years will that Air and Space renovation take place?    Mr. Harper. And other buildings are aging as well----    Mr. Harper . And will have those needs as well.    Is there a plan for which we will make sure that maybe we don't wind up with a big hit and maybe you see doing these along in stages where we don't wind up with a $500 million one-time or over-a-few-years major renovation?    Mr. Harper. And my time is almost over, but let me ask you this.    138 million items, probably more. Not everything we probably want to keep. You know, I am a bit of a pack rat; so, I don't want to throw anything away.    But when you are deciding new items to go into the collection, if you could just very quickly, is there a basic criteria that you have for how that is decided on?    Mr. Harper. So not everything makes the cut, obviously.    Mr. Harper. All right. Thank you very much.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Davis.