    Ms. DeGette. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. I am really happy that our first hearing of this new Congress is on an area of bipartisan concern and interest. And I want to join you in welcoming our new members on both sides of the aisle to this committee. This is a venerable committee that has a long history of bipartisan investigations, and I think it is going to be a really important year to continue this trend.    Flu preparedness and response is incredibly important, and this committee has a long history of hearings and investigations on this issue. What we need to do is come together in support of a strong public health infrastructure that prevents outbreaks, and responds quickly and appropriately when they occur.    These past several months have been a harsh reminder that infectious disease is all around us. Last October and November, this subcommittee convened hearings on the Ebola outbreak and the dire situation in West Africa. We saw and, frankly, continue to see, the deadly consequences of a breakdown in the public health infrastructure there. Fortunately, we are now seeing the lowest number of new Ebola cases since last June, largely because of international efforts both to build and operate effective Ebola treatment centers, and also education of local populations on Ebola prevention and control. But, you know, it is interesting because as much attention as we have given to Ebola in this country, far more people die every month from influenza than they do of Ebola, and this is a continuing problem.    This month, we are hearing about the measles outbreak, which was linked to Disneyland in California and has now spread to at least 14 States. Infectious disease experts at the CDC and the State health departments have mounted a fast and aggressive response to prevent this highly contagious disease from spreading.    And, Mr. Chairman, I know you have received a letter from me and Ranking Member Pallone and Ranking Member Green asking this committee to hold a targeted hearing on the measles outbreak and the urgent public health threat. I would like to make a copy of that letter part of the record, Mr. Chairman.    And, while that letter is pending, I want to commend you, Dr. Fauci. I saw you on the news last night telling all of the families in America to get their measles vaccine, and I really appreciate that. I want to add from this podium, as the mother of two daughters, one of whom is immunocompromised: Vaccinate your children against measles. There is no reason not to, and there is every reason that they could be a threat to themselves and other children if they don't get that vaccine. So I just want to pile onto that. It is very, very important.    But on to the flu, which is the topic of this hearing, the predominant strain of flu is H3N2, which is resulting in increased hospitalizations, particularly for vulnerable populations like seniors and young children. And the CDC announced several weeks ago that the flu vaccine has only 23 percent effectiveness. That is significantly lower than in recent years, and as the chairman mentioned, it is largely due to changes in the virus that have resulted in a mismatch between the strain of the virus used in vaccine production and the one actually circulating. But even with a 23 percent effectiveness, we still need to protect ourselves as much as we can. Dr. Frieden reminded us several weeks ago that even a vaccine with 23 percent effectiveness will still prevent millions of people from getting sick. And so, therefore, as the chairman said, people also need to get this vaccine. And it is not too late; flu season is still going on. We have to do everything we can to protect our vulnerable populations; young children, seniors, pregnant women, and others with compromised immune systems.    So I am looking forward to hearing from our wonderful witnesses today about what we can do to mitigate the effects of this flu season, and how doctors and hospitals are prepared to respond. I also want to look to the future. What can we do to inform our prevention and response efforts in future flu seasons? I want to hear about the research and technological developments in diagnostics, antiviral treatments, and vaccines.    In our last hearing on this topic in February 2013, we heard about FDA approval of quadrivalent vaccines and cell base technology. Today, I am hoping our witnesses can give us encouraging news about the development of a universal flu vaccine.    So regardless of the particular effectiveness rate in a given season, the flu vaccine remains the best tool that we have to protect as many people as possible, and we need to have ongoing work on that. This flu season reminds us that it is almost impossible to predict what the strain will be, but it underscores the importance of a strong public health infrastructure.    And so, Mr. Chairman, I just want to say I appreciate the witnesses coming today. I hope we can all work together to move the country toward better flu preparedness.    Ms. DeGette. And we are happy to have you, Mr. Pallone.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Well, following up on the chairman's question, Dr. Schuchat, would it be fair to say, and really yes or no would work here, would it be fair to say that the way we are going to be able to substantially reduce the time between when we identify a strain and developing the vaccine will be what Dr. Fauci is talking about, which is development of new platforms and ways to get the vaccine?    Ms. DeGette. Now, Dr. Fauci, I want to turn to you because, over the years, you have come and talked about the development of these vaccines. I remember when we had a hearing in this committee when we were trying to move from the egg to the cell vaccine. And now you say you have the cell techniques, but you also say that you are getting ready to go into larger clinical trials on these new platforms, is that correct?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. No, and we actually, even those of us who only took high school biology, understood that point.    Ms. DeGette. So----    Ms. DeGette . Good work again. But what I want to know is now that you have done your phase 1 trials, and you are trying to move beyond that, what is your time frame for that?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. So would that be like next season----    Ms. DeGette . Do you think?    Ms. DeGette. Test it in this season.    Ms. DeGette. Dr. Robinson, you are----    Ms. DeGette . You are nodding your head, yes. Is----    Ms. DeGette. OK. So what can Congress do to help you with that? Do you need additional resources? What do you need to be able to start to expedite that research?    Ms. DeGette. Well----    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Now, in your written testimony, you talk about the difference between seasonal flu and pandemic flu. Can you briefly explain that to us?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Every season.    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Right. They don't have that.    Ms. DeGette. And that is what happened in----    Ms. DeGette . 2009 and 2010.    Ms. DeGette. Right. Exactly. And that is what we----    Ms. DeGette . Were worried about.    Ms. DeGette. So, Dr. Robinson, now, you said in your testimony that there remains significant technical challenges before a substantially better influenza vaccine is available, and I would assume that the biggest concern for both of you gentlemen, well, for all four of our witnesses, would be that if we don't develop that significantly better vaccine system, and we get a virulent pandemic flu, is that right, Dr. Robinson?    Ms. DeGette. Yes, and so what we are concerned about, or what I am concerned about, what keeps me awake at night, is if we don't do enough, both Congress and also our research institutions, to be able to have that vaccine available if we get a virulent pandemic flu. Dr. Fauci?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeGette. Would the gentleman yield for one second?    Ms. DeGette. I completely agree with the Chairman, but I will say I want to commend this panel and others at the CDC and NIH because, having been on this committee now for 18 years, we really have made advances from when we first started with those early hearings on egg-based technologies. We just need to accelerate that. So anything we can do to help, we are here to help. Thank you.