    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Moure-Eraso, in June 2014, you had been sworn and were asked a series of questions by our chairman, one of which was, have you ever used personal email for official business or communication? And, again, under oath, Dr. Moure-Eraso, your answer was, Well, yes, out of ignorance.    What was the source of your ignorance?    Mr. Gowdy. Who did you--who told you that with specificity?    Mr. Gowdy. Everybody?    Mr. Gowdy. Did you--did you consult any manuals? Did you seek any legal guidance as to whether or not that was in compliance Federal Records Act?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, good. I'm glad you brought that up because your answer continued, At the beginning of my tenure, I used to write drafts or positions.    When did your tenure begin, Dr. Moure-Eraso?    Mr. Gowdy. So the beginning of you tenure would reasonably be construed as what? Since you answered under oath that you limited yourself to using personal email during the beginning of your tenure, what's a reasonable understanding of the beginning of your tenure?    Mr. Gowdy. Six months? 12 months?    Mr. Gowdy. Three months. So your testimony is you did not use personal email more than 3 months after the beginning of your tenure, which would be in 2010?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I'm reading--I'm reading your answer, and your answer was, At the beginning of my tenure, I used to write drafts or positions.    Mr. Gowdy. Did you ever use--did you ever use personal email after the beginning of your tenure, which you defined as 3 months?    Mr. Gowdy. I really have----    Mr. Gowdy. I really am----    Mr. Gowdy . Looking for a yes or no answer initially, and then you are welcome to explain. Did you use personal email after you had been on the job 3 months?    Mr. Gowdy. Probably yes or yes?    Mr. Gowdy. OK.    Mr. Gowdy. See there, that wasn't that complicated. The answer is yes.    Mr. Gowdy. The answer is yes.    Mr. Gowdy. And then you went on to say----    Mr. Gowdy. The court reporter is going to have enough trouble without us talking over each other, Dr. Moure-Eraso.    You also said that you used to write drafts or positions before I would put it as, and then you were cutoff. Did you ever use personal email to do anything other than write drafts or positions?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. So that answer that you gave to Chairman Chaffetz was incorrect in multiple ways. First of all, you did use it at the beginning of your tenure, and secondarily, you did use it for more than just drafts or positions.    And then the chairman said, When is the most recent time that you used your personal email?    And I found this answer instructive. You said, We stopped the practice. Who is ``we''?    Mr. Gowdy. Does ``we'' include you?    Mr. Gowdy. So your testimony would have been that I stopped that practice about a year and a half ago. If ``I'' is included in the word ``we,'' then your answer was, I stopped that practice about a year and a half ago.    Mr. Gowdy. I'm--I'm looking at your exact testimony. That's what I'm looking at. And you said----    Mr. Gowdy . You stopped it----    Mr. Gowdy. You said you stopped it a year and a half prior to when Chairman Chaffetz asked you about it. Do you agree that a common understanding of a year and a half would be 18 months? Is that a common understanding of a year and a half? Do you disagree that a year and a half would be 18 months, Dr. Moure-Eraso?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, you gave Chairman Chaffetz an exact date under oath.    Mr. Gowdy. Under oath you said a year and a half ago----    Mr. Gowdy. I've moved on to another question, Dr. Moure-Eraso.    I've moved on to the second question and your second answer, which was we stopped that practice about a year and a half ago, and what I find vexing, Doctor, is this was testimony in June 2014, so a year and a half ago would have been some time in early 2013. And here I am looking at personal emails you sent in August 2013, well within a year of when you gave that testimony to Congressman Chaffetz.    Can you understand why we would be troubled by your previous testimony, Dr. Moure-Eraso? I just cited four instances in which it was factually deficient.    Mr. Gowdy. I'm looking----    Mr. Gowdy. Dr. Moure-Eraso, I am looking at your prior testimony. That's what I find vexing and alarming is your prior testimony to the chairman of this committee.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I agree you made a mistake, but my main concern is that you made a mistake when you were testifying before this committee.    And with that, I would yield back to the chairman.