    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good afternoon. Thank you to our witnesses for being here today.    Today, we are examining China's continuing effort to assert influence in Latin America and in the Caribbean.    Over the past decade, China's engagement with Latin America has grown significantly, both economically and diplomatically. Chinese leaders have made several trips throughout the region, including Argentina, Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, and Cuba.    Their engagement comes, by the way, with foreign direct investment, loans, and increased economic ties. Specifically, they have pledged $250 billion in investment in the region over the next 10 years. China's interest in the region is a result of their constant search for new markets to procure natural resources such as various oils and minerals and agricultural products to feed their domestic needs. Over the past 12 years, trade between Latin America and China has grown from $17 billion to $262 billion. By many estimates, China is the third-largest source of foreign direct investment in Latin America and the Caribbean.    While this can mean greater investment for an emerging Latin American economy and a boost in trade with the region, there are also pitfalls. Chinese investments come with baggage--with the baggage of dubious funding, environmental disregard, and poor labor and health conditions for workers.    Proposed agreements like the $50 billion, 172-mile canal in Nicaragua risk displacing indigenous communities, destroying ecological preserves, and isn't guaranteed to be completed. Mines and factories run by Chinese companies have reported dangerous working conditions, where laborers are overworked, mistreated, and constantly operating in unsafe environments.    For too many years, the United States has focused on other parts of the world, which has led to neglect our own neighborhood. While many have viewed China's increasing engagement in the region as a positive contributor to the region's economic growth, we must remain vigilant of what the long-term consequences might be and reaffirm our own commitment to the region. If China wants to continue to engage our neighbors, we must insist that they comply with international labor, health, and environmental standards.    I look forward to hearing from our panelists.    And thank you.    Mr. Sires. Thank you.    Thank you for your comments.    Getting back to these projects, you know, you read about these projects--$100 billion, $50 billion. How realistic are some of these projects? I mean, this canal, how realistic is this, or is this just propaganda?    Ms. Myers, we will start with you. You are shaking your head. You don't think it----    Mr. Sires. Dr. Dussel Peters?    Mr. Sires. Dr. Ellis?    Mr. Sires. Thank you.    Ms. Joseph-Harris, I don't read about too many projects in the Caribbean from the Chinese. What are they doing in the Caribbean?    Mr. Sires. Still working on it.    Mr. Sires. My time is up. Thank you very much.    Mr. Sires. I have two observations. One of the observations that I have is that one of the reasons that our two regions are so tied together is the fact that this is a region where they have had many revolutions and the only country that really has opened their doors to all those people over the years has been this country. So it has developed an umbilical cord type of relationship that I think for China is going to be very difficult to break. I don't know if you agree with that or not.    And the other observation that I have is the OAS, Ms. Joseph-Harris, I disagree with you. I think it is completely ineffective. I think it is an organization that doesn't speak up enough on the abuses in this region. And if you are there to represent these countries, you are just too influenced by some of these countries not to speak up on the abuses that are going on. I mean, I haven't seen the OAS talk about Venezuela and the abuses of Venezuela at all. So when you tell me that you have an institution that could be a vehicle, I am sorry, I really don't see it as a vehicle. Not to mention the abuses in China, but, you know.    Mr. Sires. Ms. Myers, what do you think?    Mr. Sires. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    And thank you very much.