    Ms. Saldana. Thank you, Chairman Jordan and DeSantis and ranking member----    Ms. Saldana. Thank you. I don't think I got to thank the Ranking Members Cartwright and Lynch and subcommittee members. I'm pleased to appear before you along with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Director Leon Rodriguez. While Directors Rodriguez and I lead different agencies with certainly distinct missions, we are part of the same Department and are very mindful of the necessity to do all we can to ensure coordination between our components.    In the 2 months since I first appeared before the full committee, I have continued to take steps to enhance ICE's ability to achieve one its primary goals, that of enforcing our Nation's immigration laws and keeping our country safe by ensuring we focus our resources on individuals who pose the greatest threat to our National security and to public safety.    Secretary Johnson has made it clear to all of us that our borders are not open to illegal migration and that I should allocate enforcement resources accordingly, consistent with our laws and with our values. As such, ICE is endeavoring to use appropriate prosecutorial discretion and dedicating resources to the greatest degree possible toward the removal of individuals who are considered enforcement priorities, which includes criminals and recent border entrants.    Guided by DHS' enforcement priorities, the approximately 7,300 personnel of ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations, or ERO, identify and arrest and detain convicted criminals and other removable aliens. We, as appropriate, supervise them through alternatives to detention or remove them from the United States through our immigration courts.    While there is still a lot of work to be done, I've seen progress in my 6 months leading this agency. First and foremost, our employees are dedicated to accomplishing this mission with integrity and with professionalism. As a result of their tireless effort focusing on the priorities I mentioned, they are making our communities safer.    We are now removing a greater percentage of criminals than we have in the past. And I'm committed to continuing this trend. In fiscal year 2014, 85 percent, 85 percent, of individuals removed or returned from the interior were individuals previously convicted of a criminal offense, reflecting a significant increase in the rate of removal of individuals with convictions from 67 percent in fiscal year 2011 compared to 38 percent in fiscal year 2008.    The increasing number of convicted criminals removed from our country is the result of a change in ICE's strategic focus, which revised policies and your initiatives have helped us achieve. That's why I, along with our employees at ICE and the leadership of the Department, have been working hard to implement the new Priority Enforcement Program, PEP, where we engage State and local communities to enhance the agency's ability to remove dangerous individuals.    Recently, both the counties of Los Angeles and Contra Costa in California agreed to continue cooperating with ICE and DHS in implementing PEP. We anticipate they will be the first of many. That's also why I've been working to bolster ICE's ability to obtain travel documents from recalcitrant countries, a problem I know this committee is familiar with. I'll continue to work closely with the Department of State to achieve better compliance from countries in accepting the return of their nationals.    I should also mention my establishment of enhanced oversight and release procedures for ICE custody determinations involving detainees with criminal convictions on their records, to include developing a capability to provide appropriate criminal alien release information to State law enforcement authorities and relevant jurisdictions. I put this procedure in place to enhance public safety and greater public confidence in ICE's enforcement and administration of immigration laws. Part and parcel of this effort is a law enforcement notification system currently being used in Virginia, Louisiana, and my home State of Texas, in its early stages currently and which we expect to be fully implemented across the country sometime before the end of the year.    With respect to family residential centers, last month I announced a series of actions to enhance oversight over these centers to increase access and transparency to ensure that they continue to provide a safe and humane environment for detained families. While we routinely review and evaluate our facilities, all of our facilities, we understand the unique and sensitive nature of dealing with women and children in these settings. Even as we do this, however, we also cannot have an immigration system that encourages criminals to take advantage of people to abuse women and children while they attempt to smuggle them into the United States. And both ERO and HSI are working together to find and dismantle and bring to justice these organizations.    As we move forward, I believe that ICE will be successful in the deliberate implementation of our mission objectives. I look forward to working with this committee, and I echo the sentiments of the Congressman with respect to reform of the laws, which are encompassed in this book, along with the regulations. This is a very complex system that needs to be reformed.    Ms. Saldana. Beyond the specific information----    Ms. Saldana. I'm sorry. Beyond the specific information we provided with respect to the homicide, I think we broke down the information, and I can't tell you whether there are other homicides involved.    Ms. Saldana. I can't say sitting here today that that's not the case.    Ms. Saldana. No. I don't.    Ms. Saldana. Certainly. I think we have, as the inspector general has pointed out, we're working on our systems to try to be more flexible and responsive. We get a lot of inquiries with--in all shapes and sizes, which we're trying to make our information system more flexible, and that's taken a little time. But, yes, absolutely, we're interested in that information, like I know you are, sir.    Ms. Saldana. I do not have that information. I don't believe that's the case.    Ms. Saldana. And I will say that is particularly disturbing, I know, to all the members of this committee and to myself as a prior U.S. Attorney in north Texas, and Dallas based. That is something that we're always trying to do is to find criminals and to convict them. As a result, when I first came here----    Ms. Saldana. And that's why, Mr. Chairman, I established a procedure that I announced back in March for greater oversight over the release of any person who had a prior--serious prior conviction. In particular, I'm asking people to sign off a piece of paper the original person who makes the determination with respect to either custody or bond. I'm asking their supervisors to review it. I've actually put together a panel in headquarters which looks over all of these decisions to determine whether or not they were based on the facts and circumstances known to the individual and that they were right decisions. As I mentioned earlier, this----    Ms. Saldana. It could be, sir. We'll just have to see.    Ms. Saldana. Not yet.    Ms. Saldana. No. Not in----    Ms. Saldana. If I may, sir, I would say that those are tragedies. And I wish that our deportation officers and others making these decisions were omniscient and could see into the future and into the heart and soul of these individuals, but we go by the facts that we know----    Ms. Saldana. If you--if you'll allow me to finish my answer, Mr. Chairman, I would really appreciate it because I think the American people have a right to know the full picture here.    Every decision we make, there is not a single deportation officer or other agent within ERO who wants to let a dangerous criminal out in the streets to threaten the public. I can guarantee and assure you of that. They are law enforcement officers. And with respect to the ability--we have got to look at the record as it is. We don't look at one single factor. We do look at the age of--just like a court of law, the Federal courts in which I practiced. They look at many different factors to determine whether to release an individual, and we are bound by some of the numbers that you threw out by the Supreme Court in its decision with respect to not being able to detain people beyond 6 months, typically. And the immigration courts that set bond and release some of these folks as well. So that is the complete picture and that's what I can assure you of is I'm committed, and I have been doing this since I stepped into this position back in January to keep that number down and to try to avoid future tragedies like the ones you have described.    Ms. Saldana. This Congress and in this elaborate system that we're talking about has entitled the individuals to bond and have said things like the age of the criminal conviction, the nature of the crime----    Ms. Saldana. Gangs. Those----    Ms. Saldana. Well, I'm glad you asked that question because we have had a number of things working against us and increasing our expenses. For example, obviously, the influx of families, women and children, require even greater services than others. Those beds are much more expensive than a regular adult bed that you would have. We have operations that we conduct because we cannot get people from the State system immediately with some jurisdictions not cooperating with us. We have operations we have to conduct where we pull people off of their regular duties and go out and try to find dangerous criminals. That not only exposes the officers to safety issues, but it also can be a very detrimental situation with respect to the family who is present at the time that the officers show up. So, to us, even the disruption that occurred back in March, before March, with respect to not having even any kind of guarantee with respect to our 2015 budget, it wreaked tremendous havoc, never mind the 20,000 employees who would not be receiving a paycheck if sequestration continues in this manner.    Ms. Saldana. Absolutely.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. And I'm glad you mentioned that, because we often forget, it's not just ERO, but its HSI, our Homeland Security Investigation side of the house, that is affected by these budget constrictions. We--and they help us with respect to these smuggling networks. As I mentioned in my opening statement, not only do we have to take care of the families once they get across, but we ought to do the best we can to dismantle those smuggling organizations that put them at peril and bring them over into this country. So, yes, sir, that's a more complete picture.    Ms. Saldana. And, actually, I've actually sat down and run through our data points and all the information that an officer may have available to them at the time of apprehension, booking, whatever. And there is criminal information that comes through the NCIC and the FBI database with respect to prior convictions.    I will say, the inspector general, that we agreed and concurred that we could be more systematic about our collection of data. But we do have a lot of information on the exercise of prosecutorial discretion. The issue, I understood, was it's not systematic. And that's what we're working towards. In other words, our lawyers, for example, because prosecutorial discretion can be exercised at any point of an immigrant's processing or going through the process, keep a record of when they exercise prosecutorial discretion.    With respect to detention and bond decisions, that exercise of prosecutorial discretion is recorded. The issue is and the reason we concurred with the ultimate finding was we are currently working--and have been actually for several months--on systematically recording that information and consistently. You can imagine a law enforcement officer out there in the field trying to do his job, knocking on a door at 6 in the morning and, yes, they may not stop to----    Ms. Saldana. Well, actually, that's what I'm saying. I think we have, and I think it was noted in the report, we have, the Department itself, not the agency, has been working to make this systematic actually across all the agencies, this information database, and have committed to working that. I'm not even sure right now I can remember where the report noted, the hope is that we can get that completed some time this year. But that is a huge effort that is being undertaken by our policy people and our technical people. And I think it's very well underway. It just takes time.    Ms. Saldana. Congressman, I want to be sure that I wasn't--that I didn't misstate something. We do not have more new facilities that are being opened. We did, we do have Dilley with additional space that was opened. It's the same residential center. We have three across the country: One in Dilley; one in Karnes; and one in Berks, Pennsylvania.    But with respect to your question, we, you know, up until actually the surge last summer and the spring, we had one facility essentially in Berks, Pennsylvania, with 100 beds. We had to get going quickly to ensure that we had someplace to put these families and the children in sanitary, good, humane facilities. I've been to both Karnes and to Dilley. I've toured the entire facilities. This is detention. It's not prison. I think, in fact, sir, that people have repeated the idea that there are, there is barbed wire at our family residential centers and that the guards are armed. One only has to step into the facility to see that those claims are false.    Ms. Saldana. No, sir. Have you visited----    Ms. Saldana. I'm sorry you feel that way, Congressman. I would love to take you through to one of our centers.    Ms. Saldana. The Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, sir.    Ms. Saldana. This is one of the challenges I mentioned in my opening statement, sir. And I enlist the help of anybody that I can get help from on this issue. Because our biggest priority is criminals, convicted felons in particular, we need to work with State and local jurisdictions who are apprehending undocumented workers for offenses against State and local law. They have them in their custody. We can now communicate with the State and local jurisdiction and get some notice in advance through our detainer request to let us know that they're about to release them because they've served their State custody sentence and that we can take possession of them because of their violation of the law, and now we have a convicted criminal here.    Ms. Saldana. Some jurisdictions are.    Ms. Saldana. I can't speak for them. I will tell you it is, some of them have policies and laws that are----    Ms. Saldana. We do not have, I cannot say that the detainer notices are mandatory. They are definitely discretionary.    Ms. Saldana. Well, we have argued that, and there's pending litigation everywhere on this topic. I think you may be familiar with the Oregon case. But we are trying to work----    Ms. Saldana. Thank you, amen, yes.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, I have.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. What did they tell me? They asked me what I meant by that. And that's what my statement was. It was not a retraction, sir.    Ms. Saldana. It was a clarification of the fact that, I'm used to the law enforcement----    Ms. Saldana. He did not.    Ms. Saldana. Change the--no.    Ms. Saldana. We discussed a clarification to make sure people understood that we need to work with State and local governments to ensure public safety in our communities.    Ms. Saldana. No.    Ms. Saldana. Sir, the forcing part is the issue. The forcing is not going to bring these people to the table. It's the efforts of all of us to make clear that this new program----    Ms. Saldana. No.    Ms. Saldana. Because we're in the middle of--not only myself and our employees at ICE----    Ms. Saldana. May I finish, sir?    Ms. Saldana. We're working right now with those State and local jurisdictions in order----    Ms. Saldana. If you passed a law requiring them?    Ms. Saldana. I don't know that that can happen, sir, because we're in the middle of discussions with State and local----    Ms. Saldana. Yes. And that is my interest is in public safety and the safety of our officers. And if we are allowed a period of time to work with State and local jurisdictions in order to accomplish what I hope this committee wants to accomplish, and that is removing serious criminal convicted aliens from the United States, then that's what we're working towards. And that's how we got Los Angeles to say they would cooperate with us and Contra Costa, as well, in California. And we're working with several other jurisdictions. Always best, always best to try to get people to come to the table and discuss matters than to force things down their throats.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. As I testified earlier, I am, up until December 16 or 22, I was the United States attorney for North Texas, responsible for 100 counties, working with 100 different jurisdictions locally, as well as local police departments. I had the responsibility for over 3,000, the enforcement of over 3,000 Federal statutes as a United States attorney. There's no way with 100 lawyers that I could bring to bear enforcement of all those laws.    So part of my job, and it's a difficult part, is deciding which cases will have the greatest impact on community safety because I can't take every one of them. That is the very reason why these executive actions the Secretary announced on November 20 are essential because we have a multibillion dollar budget, almost $6 billion, but there are 11.5 million people in the country unlawfully. We have over 2 million in process, at one stage or another of immigration proceedings. There is no way, I would think, that this committee would support funding the removal of each one of those because it would cost billions and billions of dollars. So prosecutorial discretion is just essential.    Ms. Saldana. Every day it's a part of their job. And they come across different situations at all times.    Ms. Saldana. I believe that number is, let's say for 2014, it's 177,960. About 56 percent of those that were removed from the country. Are you asking for 2015 thus far, sir?    Ms. Saldana. I don't have that readily available but I'm happy to provide it.    Ms. Saldana. This year we have I think somewhere in the neighborhood of--actually, I don't have that number, sir.    Ms. Saldana. For?    Ms. Saldana. No. Projections?    Ms. Saldana. No, we don't.    Ms. Saldana. Well, I think what I said was: It is not systematic. We have relationships all over the country where people pick up the phone and call each other.    What I want is a systematic process. That's what I'm always interested in, in establishing systems and procedures that will assure that. That's what that Law Enforcement Notification System is about that I mentioned in my opening statement, LENS, which we have tested already in Texas, Louisiana, and one other State, Virginia, I think, those three States. And we plan to have all the States connected to a systematic notification system by the end of the year.    Ms. Saldana. That has begun, sir, in three States, Texas included, where we have a substantial amount of activity. It is----    Ms. Saldana. As I said earlier, by year end, we should have the entire country covered. And your department will get a phone call this afternoon.    Ms. Saldana. The way I described it, sir, it is a notification system that goes through the State. You know, we can't, I don't know, we have 254 counties in Texas, which is a large number. What we ask them to do is to connect up with the State notification system. We give the information to the State. And the State has already in place----    Ms. Saldana. Yes. And we're discussing it with the Governors of those States. And people who implement the system, they're more than happy to do this.    Ms. Saldana. Many of them are released with conditions, including supervision, reporting in, ankle bracelets, other conditions that are imposed in making the decision to release somebody under those conditions.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, of course.    As a matter, again, we're talking about priorities and the fact that decisions on even arresting, removal, bond are all made on the basis of these priorities and the judgment of the person of all----    Ms. Saldana. No. No. No. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say that if I did. What I'm saying is every case is different, Congresswoman. Every case is different. We have specifically trained all our folks on the legal side and on the officer side to look at all the facts and circumstances of that matter. So----    Ms. Saldana. As an example, the perception is not the reality. Ninety-six percent of the people we currently detain in our facilities meet priorities 1 and 2.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. They will, sir. But with respect to those that are under an immigration court, I can't predict what the immigration court will do. And, of course, that's a large portion of the people that come through our proceedings. They end up claiming some exemption or seeking asylum or something. Their considerations are with USCIS and with the immigration courts.    Ms. Saldana. We're talking about the mandatory release--mandatory custody provisions?    Ms. Saldana. We abide by those.    Ms. Saldana. Let me mention the, again, the, my guidance to the field on March 13. I've actually visited with all the field office directors--there's 26 of them, I believe--across the country and have advised them how it is we're going to go about our business and with respect to the considerations for any individual being flight risk and safety, public safety. It's just like any bond decisions that a court would make. And we have trained them accordingly as well.    And then I want to point out the fact that I've established this system back in March which specifically sets an extra enhancement of supervisory approval over any release of a convicted criminal that is being considered by a supervisor with a signoff, by a pool of experts that I have at headquarters who come in and review all of these releases. I'm talking about March of 2015. The data that has been quoted has been information relating to fiscal years 2008 through 2014. I can't speak for what happened then. But I do know that we take this very seriously at the agency. And that's why I instituted that additional supervisory review of release of criminals.    Ms. Saldana. I don't have it with me, but it's very low, I mean, compared to certainly the recidivism rate in the general----    Ms. Saldana. I can't. I won't speculate, sir. I can provide that number.    Ms. Saldana. Not for removal purposes, ma'am. I will tell you, since I've been in this position, since January, I've had to run down more allegations and reports in the media that end up yielding a case quite contrary to that which was reported.    Ms. Saldana. We can check in with the Departments of Public Safety of the different communities, may be required as part of an investigation, for example. But not for removal purposes.    Ms. Saldana. I'm pretty sure that it's the department of public safety itself whatever jurisdiction we're in that maintains that. And we would communicate with them to see if we could get that information.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. We have looked at them because we had this question previously. And I just remember that it was comparative to the regular criminal----    Ms. Saldana. Yes. Absolutely.    Ms. Saldana. Well, it needs to be provided by the country--by the country in question. And some countries are more cooperative with the United States than others.    Ms. Saldana. Oh, we can demand. But there's not much we can do. I'm working with the Department of State to try to help with respect to countries that have been recalcitrant in their cooperation with us to urge them to assist us. I even went to China a couple of months ago to sign a repatriation agreement, which is a very notable event, where they agreed to come to the United States, send two people to the United States to actually assist with repatriation. So we're making inroads. But, diplomatically, it's a huge world.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, it is, sir. Again, as I said earlier, every decision we make on custody bonds, decisions to remove or put someone in immigration proceedings is made on the basis of the information we have available. That's----    Ms. Saldana. With respect to other countries, we can try MLAT, our procedure through countries asking for information regarding a person's criminal history. We can try gentle persuasion. But when push comes to shove, you all have provided, the Congress has provided for certain punitive measures to be taken against recalcitrant countries. But that's something the Department of State is involved in.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. Right.    Ms. Saldana. It is a real problem. And we certainly appreciate any help this committee can provide.    Ms. Saldana. Well, I mean, I think there are statutes on the book that provide for working with our countries. And when they don't cooperate, perhaps going further with respect to some punitive measures. But that's not something ICE does. That's something the Department of State is charged with, the laws that you all, the Congress, has passed with respect to that.