    Mr. Poe. I thank the Chairman. I thank all of you all for being here. As my friend Mr. Gohmert was, I used to be a criminal court judge in Texas for 22 years, felony cases, 20,000 cases or more. All that time, constantly I had law enforcement officers come to me with a request for me to sign a search warrant based upon their affidavits. And I signed a lot. And some I did not sign because of the basics of the Fourth Amendment.    The Fourth Amendment makes us different than every other country on Earth because of our history. It's uniquely United States history, goes back to the British who wanted general warrants to kick in doors of warehouses in Boston to see if the American colonists were storing demon rum they hadn't paid taxes on yet. To me, a general warrant is the same as a court order. So we have specific warrants. And like I said, I signed a lot of them.    It makes no sense to me that the right of privacy is protected for 6 months but it's not protected more than 6 months. I send a letter, snail mail. And I put that in an envelope. And I send it off to one of my grandkids somewhere. It floats around in America from post office to post office and who else knows where until it gets to grandson. It's protected. Generally it's protected. It's a form of communication.    When we use emails or store in the cloud, it's a form of communication wherever the cloud may be. So I think it's Congress' responsibility to determine what the expectation of privacy is. It's not, God bless them, Federal judges' responsibility. It's Congress' responsibility to say this is an expectation of privacy for Americans. And when we enter the digital age, I don't buy the argument, well, we're in the digital age, you got to give up some of your constitutional rights so we can have government investigate things.    Whether it's civil investigation, whether it's criminal investigation, I don't buy it. Because the Fourth Amendment gets in the way of that. I think it is one of the most important rights that we have. So it's our duty to set up a standard. Over 300 Members have signed on to Mr. Yoder's bill. It hasn't come up for a vote. Ms. Lofgren and I filed a similar bill in 2013. We want to get a vote on, I want to get a vote on Mr. Yoder's bill. Three hundred and four Members of Congress agreeing on something? Really? And I think most Members, Republicans and Democrats, see the importance of the privacy.    Mr. Calabrese, let me start with you. I have a lot of questions. And I know I have only 5 minutes. The Warshak case, the SEC lost the Warshak case. They did not appeal that, did they?    Mr. Poe. It was not appealed. The SEC, the way I get it, the SEC wants a carve-out for civil investigations. The way I see this legislation, it's to protect us from the SEC and the IRS and the EPA. Because without this legislation, they could keep doing what they're doing. Would you like to comment on that, weigh in on that? Civil agencies snooping around in email. And I'm using the word snoop, that's my word.    Mr. Poe. Not yet. You can respond in writing because I have the same question for all six of you. The basis of a search warrant also requires there be notice. Under the current law, let's use the SEC or let's use the IRS, I like to use them better, they can do their investigation, their snooping, and the person being investigated doesn't know about it. Is that correct, Mr. Calabrese?    Mr. Poe. Notice is delayed.    Mr. Poe. But would you agree that it's part of our fundamental fairness under the Fourth Amendment that there is a search warrant, the search warrant is executed, and that there is a return to the judge of what was seized or not seized, and, eventually, whoever's house was searched or property was searched, they get notice of the results of the search warrant?    Mr. Poe. I ask unanimous consent to submit questions for the record, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Poe. And we should get the southern rule. If we're from the south, we should be able to talk longer than just 5 minutes.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.