    Chief Beary. Good morning, Chairman Perry and Members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to testify today on the potential threat posed by unmanned aerial systems.    As president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, commonly referred to as the IACP, and on behalf of our 23,000 members in 98 different countries, I would like to thank you, Members of this committee, for the support you have demonstrated for law enforcement over the years. Our law enforcement community and our communities in general need your support. Thank you.    The IACP is the world's largest association of law enforcement leaders, and for over 120 years the IACP has been launching internationally-acclaimed programs, speaking out on behalf of law enforcement, and conducting ground-breaking research. We provide services not only in the United States but across the globe.    I began my law enforcement career in 1977 and, as the Chairman said, I have 30 years on the municipal side, and now I have almost 8 years on the university side of law enforcement. The University of Central Florida is the largest university in the State of Florida, and we are the second-largest in the United States.    During my career I have watched the threats to our communities evolve. We still deal with the problem of violent crime, drugs, prostitution, smuggling, trafficking, and gangs, but we are now tasked in dealing with cyber threats, violent extremism, terrorism, and highly organized criminals with access to specialized equipment to aid them in their mission and to harm others and devastate our communities.    Included in that specialized equipment are unmanned aerial systems. While UAS can be a great tool, they also pose a serious threat to the public and law enforcement when used by the wrong people.    When used responsibly, and with good policies in place, UAS have enhanced law enforcement's ability to protect communities they serve. UAS has helped law enforcement agencies save time, save money, and, most importantly, save lives.    They are ideal for dangerous or difficult situations, like executing high-risk warrants; responding to barricaded suspects; gaining situational awareness in difficult terrain; and enhancing officer safety by exposing unseen dangers; locating missing children; or responding to damage caused by emergencies such as natural disasters, downed power lines, or hazardous material incidents.    Despite the undeniable benefits these systems can have, they also pose a grave threat to public safety. Almost anyone can obtain an unmanned aerial system these days. They can buy it off the shelf from Amazon, have it delivered in 2 days, charge the battery, and immediately begin flying the device.    The fact that these devices are so readily available to the public is concerning. The average citizen that is purchasing these devices generally has no aviation experience and therefore does not think twice about operating in controlled airspace, over the public, or over a crowded beach or any other gathering--mass gathering. Nor do they think twice about launching a UAS to ascertain what the police or the fire department is working on up the street.    This is a real danger to the public. Public safety and others regarding these aircraft have to be addressed. The average citizen simply does not know what they are doing wrong and the potential damaging effects that these devices can have when operated improperly.    Recently we have witnessed several high-profile incidents with UAS. Of course, we talked about the crash landing at the White House, flying over sensitive locations, and near-miss with aircraft on a regular basis. At the University of Central Florida we have personally experienced these aircraft flying over mass gatherings, including football games, in violation of airspace restrictions that are in place to protect the public.    The newest version of these devices are now flown in virtual reality mode, meaning that the operator does not need to be in the line of sight while flying the aircraft.    Thankfully, at this point most of the incidents involving UAS have not lead to horrific events, but I don't think we are far away from one of those happening. The concerns are real. There is nothing to stop the criminal element from purchasing a UAS and using it to cause localized or catastrophic damage.    I mentioned earlier that I am from Orlando, which is home to many, many theme parks. I can assure you they have major concerns about the safety of their guests, and they have numerous incidents of these devices flying over their airspace. They have a real fear that someone wants to harm a large amount of people who are attending their parks.    Now, something as simple as a UAS were to fly into a park or a football stadium with something as simple as a smoke bomb could cause incredible panic, thus leading to major injuries for the people that are there.    Again, these devices can be used to fly over restricted areas and to plan an attack.    Because these devices are in their infancy, now is the time for the Federal Government and the Federal agencies to work with us and develop the guidelines so that law enforcement knows what to do. The Department of Homeland Security did provide my agency with a 2-page document on recommended UAS response procedures at our stadium. We got that late in the football season in November.    While those things are nice, there is no detail in what do we do for the follow-up, how do we respond to these, who do we call for further information? We are not criticizing the Federal Government; this is our call for help. Law enforcement needs to know how you want us to respond to these and where we are going to go in the future.    The lack of clear guidance and best practices has led to confusion among the law enforcement community when they are dealing with these. Almost every critical situation now, they are drones flying over top of law enforcement officers and interfering with our helicopter when we are trying to deal with these things.    Again, since these devices do not have a transponder or a registration, it is difficult to track down and it is impossible, in many cases, to figure out where they came from.    Without law enforcement knowing the proper procedures it leaves us vulnerable and makes our primary job of keeping the public safe more challenging.    Ladies and gentlemen, I thank you for allowing me the opportunity to be here. I look forward to the questions.    Again, I bring quite a bit of law enforcement experience to the table, and if you want to talk about the Justice report, wherever you want to go I am good to go. Thank you.    Chief Beary. Well, on the revenue source side, I am not sure that there is any of those that exist now. I can tell you this, being a person who spent 30 years in municipal government, quite frankly, the operations out there were--trying to use taxpayers to fund your system is wrong.    I will tell you this as a police chief: Every police chief in this country works for a mayor and a city commission, or whatever the word is in your community, and they need to be held accountable, plain and simple.    Chief Beary. I will answer the oversight--the comical, ironic part of this is in the State of Florida, as an individual I can buy a drone and I can fly it around and I can do what I want. As a law enforcement officer I can't operate one, because we have restricted them in Florida so anybody else can violate your privacy except the police. It is crazy, but that is what we have done because of the concern.    So right now there is no use of accountability that I am aware of.    Chief Beary. Right. A lack of authority. If we have one that we deem a threat, what authority do I have to take it down? It doesn't exist.    I think that Department of Homeland Security and DOD both share a role, and I think that in those areas of responsibility I think they could come back and make great recommendations for State and local law enforcement on how to deal with these threats.    Chief Beary. Well, therein lies the challenge. Most State and local law enforcement have no capability to do that.    No. 1, we don't have the technological capability. More importantly, we don't have the lawful authority.    As the general said, those are--they are aircraft. I don't have the lawful authority to take down an aircraft. There is not a State and local law enforcement agency in this country that does.    So right from the start we have no authority, so how am I going to respond?    These are the incidents, though, that the rank-and-file watch commanders in our agencies across this country are dealing with every single day now. When you have a hostage situation or you have any kind of major scene, you have got drones everywhere, and the helicopter is calling down saying, ``You have got to get these drones out of the airspace because I am trying to work a perimeter here.''    So our people have just--we don't have the resources and we don't have the backing of the law to help us deal with these situations. That is why I said in my testimony this is really a call for help.    Chief Beary. The answer to that is ``it depends.'' If they are lawfully in a place where they are allowed to do that--here is where we get into the question is, how do--who do I justify to what my actions were? Usually it ends up being in a civil court several years down the road.    That is why if we had some guidance on the front end it would help us write those policies for our personnel. Those are these situations we get into right now.    It is interesting you talked about your backyard, because what law enforcement is receiving now, we are getting those calls from the people that are on their back deck and then there is a camera in a drone looking at them. They call law enforcement, and what right do I have to deal with that?    As these systems get more sophisticated, as I talked about, with the flying by virtual reality, they are not--the people aren't as easy to find anymore, trying to find the operator.    Chief Beary. So it is problematic. We are seeing more and more of those privacy concerns coming it from residents that walk outside and there are three of them in their backyard.    Chief Beary. Yes, sir. We certainly are always concerned about the civil liberty aspect, and I echo that concern.    Where they would be very beneficial for law enforcement are those quick tactical situations where I have got--the example I could give you is a railroad car. We have got a derailment and I have got a situation. Well, it might be 20 minutes or 15 minutes before I can get a helicopter, but I can put up an unmanned aerial system in 3 minutes with a video camera with a live feed back and I can see where I need to immediately create my evacuation zone, I can--I am getting real-time data instead of waiting for the State police helicopter or somebody else to get there.    So those kind of very fast incidents would be a huge help to us. Again, we talked--in my testimony I talked about high-risk warrant service. The same thing--instead of a loud helicopter being up drawing attention, I could deploy a couple of small drones with video feeds so that we could know that the area is secure and our--and the evacuation is going as planned.    So those are just a couple of quick examples of how we could deploy this and keep the public safe and the officers safe. Reduce costs, by the way. Helicopter time is very expensive.    Chief Beary. Because we deal with DHS on a regular basis, most State and local law enforcement agencies, to me it is a natural, where we have those relationships built. The number of agencies that report to them I think make it conducive.    I do absolutely agree with the general that the FAA needs to be a part of it, because it is a huge part of it. But integrating with State and local law enforcement, I think DHS would be the right vehicle to do that.