    Mr. BERA. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about this issue, H.R. 4217. It is to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to determine eligibility for health insurance subsidies without regards to amounts included in income, by reason of conversion to a Roth IRA.    This bill came to me and this idea came to me through a constituent, Larry. Larry was not yet eligible for Medicare, and decided to purchase health insurance through California's online exchange, Covered California. Because his only income in 2014 was through Social Security, Larry qualified for a tax credit to help him pay for his health insurance premium.    Larry was also proactive in preparing for retirement, and decided to transfer money from his traditional IRA to a Roth IRA. Because that is a taxable event, Larry paid the income tax on that money. However, at the end of the year, Larry found out that Covered California viewed that transition as income, and determined he was not eligible for any premium assistance.    Additionally, they required that Larry repay the full value of his advanced tax credit for the past year, over $7,000. Now, that is not appropriate. We shouldn't be punishing people who are saving for retirement. Larry never saw any of this income as new money in his pocket. It remains in his retirement account. Asking someone who is living solely on Social Security to pay over $7,000 is unreasonable and unfair.    The challenge is, because of the inflexibility of the Tax Code, the IRS and Covered California have no choice but to follow the law. My bill is simple. For the purposes of calculating premium assistance, IRA conversions would not be included in gross income.    Regardless of how you feel about the Affordable Care Act, we should not be punishing seniors who are doing the right thing to save for retirement.    Mr. BERA. And Mr. Chairman, I have got a----    Mr. BERA. I have got a second bill here.    Mr. BERA. H.R. 4832, the Health Savings Protection Act. This is a bill that I was honored to again work with a fellow doctor, Dr. Boustany, on, a common-sense health care fix.    The so-called Cadillac tax was well intentioned to bring down the cost of health care, but it is a blunt tool. I have serious concerns about how it might affect the costs that are passed through to employees, especially in high-cost states like my home state, California.    While I was happy to see a delay included in the recently-passed spending bill, more has to be done. That is why Dr. Boustany and I introduced the Health Savings Protection Act.    As it stands right now, when the Cadillac tax goes into effect, employees' personal contributions to their health savings accounts will be counted towards the calculation of the tax, and the dollar value of their overall health benefit. This was not the intention of the Cadillac tax. This will discourage responsible Americans from saving for their health care needs, and threatens to eliminate HSA. Employers simply won't offer the option to open a HSA if it could threaten to trigger the 40 percent tax. And if they do, we all know the excise taxes almost always surface as pass-throughs. The employees will ultimately be left footing the bill.    We should be doing more to encourage savings for unexpected health expenses. That is why we introduced this simple bill to preserve health savings accounts and protect workers from seeing increases in health costs. The bill would exclude any employee contributions from triggering the Cadillac tax.    I want to thank Dr. Boustany for his hard work on this bill, and hope that we can come together to give families the certainty they need. Thank you.