    Mr. Lance. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mattox, you stated in your testimony that you explained how CMS issued a new set of interpretations based upon the existing statute. The new interpretation was in 2011 related to States' use of qualified medical providers. Could you explain in a little more detail what CMS did and your reviews on what CMS did in 2011 based upon an underlying statute that predates 2011?    Mr. Lance. Yes. Ms. Waxman or Professor Waxman or Dr. Waxman, is that your understanding of what occurred with the CMS in 2011?    Mr. Lance. Thank you. So I am trying to reach a situation where we can agree on what the state of the law is before we change the law, and it is my view that everybody on the panel should have the opportunity to speak. I think you have been before this panel before, and that has been my position before.    Now, in the wake of CMS' 2011 interpretation, the Seventh and Ninth Circuits have held, on the basis of Medicaid free choice and qualified provider provision, that States may not exclude an entire class of otherwise qualified providers. Is that accurate? Do you both agree with that?    Mr. Lance. However, as I understand it, also that the courts have ruled that a provider can be excluded so long as it is not based upon an entire class. And I cite Planned Parenthood v. Indiana, of Indiana v. Commodore, is that right, is that the case, Mr. Mattox?    Mr. Lance. Commissioner. I guess because one of my degrees is from Vanderbilt, the Commodores. And that was the Seventh Circuit, and the cert was denied by the Supreme Court of the United States. Is that accurate?    Mr. Lance. And so that stands as the law in the Seventh Circuit. Is that the law in any other circuit or has only the Seventh Circuit ruled on this?    Mr. Lance. And the Seventh Circuit is in the Middle West and the Ninth Circuit is in the West.    Mr. Lance. And so we have two circuit decisions that have permitted the disqualification of individual providers based upon the views of the State Government.    Mr. Lance. Yes.    Mr. Lance. And that is a decision, according to those circuits, or at least the Seventh Circuit, that can be made, and it is not a standard of proof based upon the criminal standard of proof, that States have broad discretion in this regard.    Mr. Lance. And so we are not discussing here proof beyond a reasonable doubt, the criminal standard that, quite appropriately, applies in this country and should continue to apply regarding all matters of indictment for a criminal offense. We are not in that area of law regarding the broad discretion of States, under the sovereign power of States. And I come from a State legislature, I was the minority leader, and I believe in the powers of States, comity with what we do here, and certainly the courts have ruled, to the extent that they have ruled, that States have broad discretion in this regard. Is that accurate?    Mr. Lance. This is not a situation where they are entitled. States have broad discretion.    With 12 seconds to go, my point, Mr. Chairman, is that I believe in the power of States to have broad discretion, and I would hope that that might be the rule, if it were to be established by the Supreme Court, if this were ever to reach the Supreme Court. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.