    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank you, Administrator, for being here today.    Just a couple notes to clarify the record. Yes, Texas does have the most wind. There is no doubt about that, but California leads in solar by a huge, huge margin, and I think it's absolutely laughable that we think that 1.78 percent over the last year is great growth, but that is what we have.    You're aware that this Committee has been very active in attempting to understand the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards. This Congress alone, we have held three hearings and sent numerous letters to EPA on the topic. Democrat Senator Michael Bennett stated that this ozone regulation is a perfect example of applying the law but doing it in a way that doesn't make sense on the ground. State air regulators from Texas, California, Arizona, and Utah have testified before Congress calling for a delay in implementation because EPA is unprepared to take background ozone into account when implementing the standard.    Now, I come from California, and it is very, very clear that ambient is a problem, that--that air standards that we do not have an effect on, that we did not create is a problem in California. The problem is, if we didn't create it and yet we are responsible for it because of standards, it makes it very, very difficult for us to be in compliance. In fact, we'll be out of compliance and we will be at a problem with these types of standards. The background ozone issue is one that is very important. Do you think that the EPA has adequately addressed the concerns of the states that have identified background ozone as an issue for compliance, much like California?    Mr. Knight. But you also understand that at certain states, and I won't be too over-the-top about California, but certain states do have certain issues that other states just do not have. In fact today, we have major wildfires that are affecting the air that we breathe, and that is something that happens in California every summer without a doubt. We wish it didn't happen but it does happen, and----    Mr. Knight. Well, we're afraid of those wildfires when certain people go out and start those fires, but one witness told the Committee that due to background ozone, EPA's new ozone standard will unfairly punish communities due to air pollution they did not create and that the state cannot regulate. The National Association of Counties stated, ``Additionally, a more stringent ozone standard challenges local governments' ability to increase economic development within their regions because areas designated as nonattainment can have a more difficult time attracting industry to their counties due to concerns that permits and other approvals will be too expensive or even impossible to obtain.'' Many areas in California today, you basically cannot do any more activity there because they have gone to the limit. That means the credits are no longer there or the credits have been taken by other areas that are ports in the southern California are almost to the very limit of what they can do because of the credit situation.    Now, that's not EPA but that is exactly where I'm going with this with the standards that the EPA is setting, and that local or state areas are being the regulators for, much like in California because--and I'm sure in every state of this--of the diesel regulations that are coming that the EPA will or probably already is looking at regulations to change the diesel standards to have the states be in compliance.    Mr. Knight. Well, I would agree that we have made many strides and I would agree that we have many challenges but I would disagree that background is an effort--or is a problem in California that basically we have to adhere to, just the West Coast, and it does affect all the way over to Arizona. It does come all the way over to states on the West that have to do that that other states do not have to, and I would appreciate looking into that a lot harder, and making sure that this is not something that's just discriminatory toward the West Coast.    Mr. Knight. Thank you.