    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you.    I just want everyone to know here today that sexual harassment in the workplace and allegations of management coverup are something I take very seriously. As a matter of fact, during my tenure with the Federal Government, I served as an EEO investigator. So these are things that I am--the process and the sensitivity to this I take very seriously.    So one of the protections in place throughout our executive branch is the Office of Inspectors General. And this committee has worked to strengthen the role of the IG because of the critical importance of an independent investigation when allegations such as this arise.    So my question to you today, to the members of this panel: Mr. Harris, did you contact the IG, or did you consider doing so?    Mrs. Lawrence. So would you say for the record that you feel that the IG, as we call them, actually are part of the conspiracy of what happened in this case?    Mrs. Lawrence. But they were not given the opportunity.    Mrs. Lawrence. Mr. Tuttle, could you respond to that question pertaining to the IG?    Mrs. Lawrence. Ms. Kellen?    Mrs. Lawrence. Again, I want to reiterate that part of the investigation of allegations such as what we have heard, and the whistleblower and that, we must exercise the process that we have. And we can't hold our government responsible if we are not using the investigative tools that are allotted to us.    It seems to me that the allegations that I have heard here today, which are disturbing to me, are exactly the type of allegations that we need a third party to investigate.    Mrs. Lawrence. And perceptions are hard to validate when you are not even given the opportunity or reporting for that. When management fails to investigate themselves, the IG can step in as an independent party to carry out that investigation.    Mrs. Lawrence. Ms. McCarthy, Administrator, I am here today to talk about your responsibility as the Administrator of this department.    You have been in this position 2 years, correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. And the incidents we are referring to happened before your position took over this department.    Mrs. Lawrence. So my question to you is--and I know that you understand this, because when you take on a position of a department head, you have a responsibility for ensuring that your employees are safe, that they work without discrimination. Title VII clearly outlines what that discrimination is.    And one of the ways that you hold employees accountable is that you train them; that when you come into a department, that you have documented training that explains to all of your management staff that violation--that these are the laws, and you are held responsible for that.    Can you explain to me how you, in these 2 years, have documented that your managers have this training and the accountability that happens as a result of that?    Mrs. Lawrence. Now, the training goes two ways. So you train your managers, but you also train the employees.    Mrs. Lawrence. I was disheartened to hear the testimony of the previous panel, where they felt they did not have anywhere to go. To me, what came to mind, if there had been proper training--you are required to post information. If you feel like you have been discriminated, there's a confidential number that you can call that is beyond your manager if you do not feel--are all those things in place?    Mrs. Lawrence. I want to be really clear. The question that was just asked by my colleague is about efficiencies in programs and procedures within EPA. I am the ranking member on Interior. EPA is extremely important to our government, to our environment, something I am very committed to.    This whole hearing is about distractions, about waste of time and demoralizing employees that we need energized and committed to actually doing the job we hired them to do. It is unacceptable that we have 11 complaints put forth on the same issue about sexual harassment, about bullying. And, to your credit, 2 years in--but you must have a fierce commitment to policies, to making sure that any employee, if they feel like they've been discriminated against, that they know where they can go; that the IG--you do not wait for the employee to call the IG. You energize the IG to advise you.    You need to do something above and beyond. You need to be creative, as the Administrator, how you are going to change this. Because I am holding EPA accountable to do what we hired them to do. It is a critical time in our country, with our environment and these questions on water, for us to be so distracted.    This, to me, is so disappointing, that we have to spend this much time when we have valued--30 years' experience in EPA is something that we should be valuing. That employee should be so energized and integrated into the success of this country and doing the work for EPA.    And, with that, I yield back my time.