    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to follow up on a couple of things that the ranking member talked about, Ms. Brennan. You used the phrase ``give mail a digital reflection.'' What does that mean?    Mr. Farenthold. Okay. Super. And I think you also touched on the amount of work that you guys do for Amazon, and I think that is a great revenue opportunity, but I am afraid it is a short-term problem. I imagine there are a lot of people who spend their day at Amazon looking for ways to deliver packages faster and more efficiently. For instance, here in Washington, D.C., I have got about an hour and 5 minutes to order something that will be waiting for me when I get home tonight, and that isn't you all that are doing the last-mile delivery on that.    I work on the Transportation Committee. Amazon is talking about developing drones to deliver packages. One day in the not-too-distant future they are going to say bye-bye to you guys, and how are you all preparing for that? I mean, you are saying they are 41 percent of your package volume.    Mr. Farenthold. And let's talk about service and price for a second. I live in Corpus Christie, Texas, and we were the unfortunate victims of a consolidation of a mail processing center. So now, instead of mailing something to my neighbor across the street and having it processed in Corpus Christie and delivered the next day, it is trucked to San Antonio, processed, and maybe delivered in 3 days at the same price. At some point, you know, companies like Amazon want it there quicker. As you cut the quality of your service, especially on your lead program or your lead product, first-class mail, it starts to become less valuable and makes email look like a better alternative.    Mr. Farenthold. And so we also spent a little bit of time talking about some of the--and I think almost everybody on the panel had a wish list of postal reforms that would make things better. Obviously, you know, shifting people to Medicare where it is a taxpayer responsibility instead of a postal responsibility makes sense, and it is probably fair, even though I hate to see even, you know, what is it a 2/10 of a percent increase in the Medicare cost? It is so big anyway, we are talking a lot of dollars.    Postal reform that has been talked about in past Congresses included other things, things like cluster boxes, curbside mail instead of delivery to the door and, you know, no junk mail on Saturdays but maybe the higher revenue packages and the like. Why are we still talking about those?    Mr. Farenthold. Or why are we not talking about those?    Mr. Farenthold. Why did they make sense a year ago ----    Mr. Farenthold. So there is something about--you know, it would be difficult for--we will take my family, for example. If we don't have the money to do anything, it is hard to generate consensus about not taking a vacation, but we are not taking a vacation because we don't have the money. I mean, that is just an example. So at some point you are going to have to make, I think, some hard choices, and you are not going to walk away with everyone happy. And I think that is what we were elected to do here in Congress not just with the Postal Service but on a government-wide basis and say, okay, we can't afford that, so let's pick the stuff that is important and to pick the stuff that will work and make those hard decisions.    Mr. Farenthold. But you all have stopped the consolidations now and are looking at other things. A report says they are going to be no more consolidations this year. Is that ----    Mr. Farenthold. All right. I see I am out of time. Thank you.