    Mr. Butterfield. I will do it very quickly, Mr. Pallone. Thank you very much for yielding.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman, for convening this important hearing today.    And to Commissioner Wheeler and to your colleagues, thank you so very much for coming.    I would like to very quickly mention one thing because I may not be able to get it out during the remainder of the hearing. This is very important to me, and it is important to members of the Congressional Black Caucus. I recall that when I was a judge, when I was lawyer, and now as a community-based Congressman, I have run into this problem constantly throughout the years, and that has to deal with telephone calls from prisoners. Even when I was a trial judge, I used to get collect calls from those who were incarcerated.    And you, Mr. Wheeler, and your Commission have addressed this issue, and I want to thank you and Ms. Clyburn and the others who worked so diligently on this.    A call that used to cost as much as $14 per minute--a lot of people don't realize this--$14 per minute now costs 11 cents per minute. A 15-minute phone call used to be up to $210--a 15-minute call, $210. Now it is $1.65 per minute.    And I just want to commend you for your bold step in making that happen. I have a friend who is in prison. I visit him four times a year. And it is a big conversation among the population in the prison, how they have been relieved of these burdensome phone calls. And so I want to thank you for your work in that area.    And now I yield to my friend, Ms. Matsui.    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Butterfield. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me first direct my question to you, Chairman Wheeler. As I understand it, the congressionally mandated Downloadable Security Technology Advisory Committee report provides no assurances that, under the AllVid approach, unlike an apps approach, congressionally mandated protections like privacy and emergency alerts would be honored.    Now, tell me, how does that serve the public interest?    Mr. Butterfield. Maybe I am reading it incorrectly. Let me try it again.    As I understand it, the congressionally mandated Downloadable Security Technology Advisory Committee report----    Mr. Butterfield . Provides no assurances that, under an AllVid approach, congressionally mandated protections like privacy and emergency alerts would be honored. Does that serve the public interest?    Mr. Butterfield. Yes.    Mr. Butterfield. OK.    Mr. Butterfield. And if this approach does not honor licensing terms that are negotiated between programmers and MVPDs, how would that affect the diversity of programming available to consumers?    Mr. Butterfield. Does that also give online video distributors a competitive advantage over traditional distributors, as OVDs would not be overburdened by the rules? Does it give a competitive advantage to the traditional distributors?    Mr. Butterfield. All right.    Let's go to Lifeline modernization. Lifeline modernization appears to be on good track, but the question still remains, how do we create a wireless broadband solution under the current rate of $9.95?    Mr. Butterfield. Can you speak to how you intend to promote competition among Lifeline providers at this price?    Mr. Butterfield. Finally, how will the FCC ensure that voice-only still remains a service offering for eligible low-income consumers?    Mr. Butterfield. All right. The next question would take longer than 40 seconds, so I am going to stop right there and yield back.