    Mr.  Stivers. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the invitation to testify today on the role of USAID in advancing U.S. foreign policy priorities in East Asia and the Pacific.    President Obama's budget request for the East Asia-Pacific region is $873 million. That is a 12 percent increase over Fiscal Year 2015. This request is in recognition that America's security and prosperity are inextricably tied to the region, and it enables us to consolidate our gains and strengthen the Asia-Pacific Rebalance policy.    In the coming years, the countries of this region are expected to continue high growth rates and play an increasingly pivotal role in world affairs. But just how this region's development and economic growth take shape is critical to our own future.    Already home to a majority of humanity, by 2030 Asia is projected to add more people than any other region, putting unprecedented pressure to provide access for energy, clean water, food, quality education, and health care.    But despite the impressive gains of the region, they continue to grapple with evermore complex development challenges, including severe economic disparities, food scarcity, urbanization, poor governance, and suffocating pollution and environmental degradation. Human trafficking continues to be an enormous problem, and an unacceptable proportion of women in the region continue to experience gender-based violence.    At USAID, our mission is to end extreme poverty and promote resilient, democratic societies while advancing our security and prosperity. At its core, the Asia-Pacific Rebalance is about strengthening our relationships not only with countries, but more specifically, with the people of the region in an effort to improve their lives.    We employ three primary approaches. First, we are pioneering a new model of development that focuses on maximizing our impact and our funding through public-private partnerships, science, innovation, and regional solutions.    Second, we are building pathways out of poverty through Global Health, Feed the Future, and Global Climate Change.    And last, we are empowering reformers to improve democratic governance and human rights. And for this reason, this budget request includes significant increases in democratic governance and human rights in almost every country in the region.    Next, a brief overview of the key countries: In Burma, the November elections resulted in the first civilian-led government in more than 50 years. USAID was proud to be the lead donor, providing $18 million in support of the election, including: Incorporating international standards in the election procedures, training poll workers, political parties, election observers; and voter education and supporting more than 300 civil society organizations. We helped digitize 33 million names from scratch into the voter list in a country with few computers and hundreds of dialects.    We know that democracy is about more than just elections though, which is why our support for this next phase of the democratic transition is so important. The people of Burma have high expectations and low capacity to deal with the challenges on almost every front. The government has prioritized issues such as national reconciliation, reform of the political power structures, economic growth, agricultural development, and health care. USAID will continue our strong support for the people of Burma on each of these priorities through our budget request.    We remain deeply concerned about the humanitarian and human rights situation in Rakhine State, and USAID continues to support vulnerable populations throughout the country, including the Rohingya.    In Cambodia, our primary goal is supporting and transitioning to a democracy that respects human rights. Civil society, while not fully respected there, has grown in vibrancy and strength in recent years thanks in part to our assistance. On food security, our Feed the Future initiative has helped increased yields and drive down malnutritional stunting in children under 5 by 21 percent in the areas where we work.    Indonesia's continued progress and democratic system set an example for its neighbors, but the country faces major governance, economic, and security challenges that could undermine its young democracy. Our anti-corruption investments have resulted in increased prosecution and the country's ranking on the Transparency International's Corruption Index has improved by 30 spots.    On health, we have helped Indonesia become polio-free. And last year's devastating forest and peat fires cost the country over $16 billion. We partnered with the U.S. Forest Service to send forest specialists, but we know that prevention is the key to solving this challenge.    USAID is supporting something called the Indonesia Palm Oil Pledge, which is an innovative commitment by the world's leading palm oil producers to transition to sustainable production.    In the Philippines, our Partnership for Growth initiative has helped address the main impediments to inclusive and sustainable growth. The results have been striking. Philippines has emerged as one of the fastest-growing economies and a more reliable trade and investment partner. And for the first time, the country received investment-grade sovereign debt ratings from three of the world's leading credit agencies. Yet, lack of formal access to land is a key driver of poverty, a driver of conflict, and an obstacle to national development.    In Vietnam, USAID supports the implementation of reforms critical to potential TPP participation, including launching a new labor program this year that will support the rights of workers and improve working conditions. In addition, USAID is focused on addressing war legacies, health and disabilities, and reducing susceptibility to climate change and natural disasters.    Mr. Chairman, committee, in an interconnected world, development plays an indispensable role alongside defense and diplomacy in advancing our security and prosperity. While we must focus on immediate crises throughout the world, it is also essential that we address the root causes of poverty, conflict, and instability, to help shape a better future for humanity. That is the heart of our work in the East Asia-Pacific region.    Thank you, and I look forward to your counsel and questions.    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you. Thank you.    This Fiscal Year 2017 request, if adopted, we think would better accomplish a lot of our goals. We think it is appropriate considering the crises all over the world and the budget environment that we are in. But we are doing our part to become more efficient, to leverage the private sector more, to work with our allies who have similar interests--Australia, Japan, the Asian Development Bank.    And just a word on our people in the field, our AID missions, I mean, they are working in some of the poorest villages, helping sick families with our partners, hungry children, education. They are going into these villages with their ``From the American People'' USAID hat to really represent the best in American values and deeds. And that engagement with the people, despite, you know, disagreements we may have with governments, is really important in terms of strengthening what we believe in as Americans.    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Sherman, for that question and for your attention to the plight of the Rohingya in the region.    It certainly is a human rights and humanitarian crisis there. Last year, we provided $85 million in food aid, lifesaving humanitarian assistance to vulnerable populations within the country of Burma, of which Rakhine State and the Rohingya received a significant amount of that.    In addition, we support civil society and voices of tolerance in terms of trying to get at some of the root causes of the disagreements and the conflict between the different groups.    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you for that. Certainly, you know, the rule of law, human rights, and labor are all issues that hold us back from a more robust partnership there. And whatever your position is on the----    Mr.  Stivers. Well, whatever your position is on the TPP----    Mr.  Stivers . We believe that getting Vietnam or any country to achieve high standards on trade to better promote U.S. exports, on the environment, labor, state-owned enterprises, IPR, anything we do to increase the standards----    Mr.  Stivers . Would be better.    Mr.  Stivers. This is----    Mr.  Stivers. This is technical assistance, rule of law assistance that we provide to help show them how to better comply with these agreements. And certainly, you know, there are many aspects of TPP, of which market access and export promotion is one of them.    Mr.  Stivers. We hope to improve the conditions there.    Mr.  Stivers. This assistance is important regardless of TPP. Again, it is high trade standards that we want the country to adhere to. So regardless if TPP moves forward or not, I think it is important that Vietnam has as high of standards as possible, and that is what we are helping them do.    Mr.  Stivers. That is right.    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you for the chance to answer that question.    Well, we live in an interconnected world right now, and it is getting smaller and smaller. And East Asia is not a faraway land. It is right here in terms of our security and stability. We know infectious disease knows no borders. If we don't try to work on these issues--that is where the avian flu came from in terms of Southeast Asia--it is essential that we are engaged on these issues.    We know some of the drivers of violent extremism, denial of civil liberties, harsh authoritarian rule, corruption, impunity, if we don't help these countries and these reformers in these countries try to address those issues, those are really the root causes of some of the problems that we are seeing globally and also that affect us here in the United States.    And certainly our values of democracy and human rights are absolutely essential to our work in our foreign assistance. We don't believe that less than 1 percent of our U.S. budget going to development and working with our allies is too much to provide.    Mr.  Stivers. Well, thank you for that. Mongolia is a middle-income country, and they also had an MCC compact, which was $285 million over 5 years to address constraints of growth that I believe it is coming to a conclusion. We have a small democracy and governance youth program there. We believe that is an appropriate footprint considering our other challenges in the region.    Mr.  Stivers. Thank you. Thank you for the chance to--certainly, Chairman Royce has just been a champion on this issue, but land rights is one of the top priorities if not the top priority of people in the Philippines, Cambodia, Burma, Indonesia. It rises to the top of any poll in terms of concerns, and so we are addressing that issue in most of these countries.    In terms of the Philippines, in August we launched something we called the SURGE program, which does exactly some of the things you talked about. It works with the local governments in terms of helping them better organize the way they handle land titles from a programmatic view.