    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Last night was a great opportunity to hear the President's last State of the Union speech. Unfortunately, it will be his last, but it was probably his greatest, inspiring us as to what we as Americans should be doing to move our country forward, inspire our citizens, and protect them against fears being generated and concerns. And he reiterated the importance of the Affordable Care Act and how much good it has done and how well-received it has been. But, once again, in this Committee, I have to play the Bill Murray role. It's Groundhog's Day early.    This hearing on The Original Meaning of the Origination Clause is a repeat of a hearing we had 2 years ago, almost 2 years ago. And we have the same majority witnesses before us, so they're getting their act down. That's good. They've got a second act. But even though they have a second act, in court, they're 0 for 3. In the NBA you'd be sent down to the developmental league, but, no, you're still here in the major leagues, even though you're 0 for 3.    It appears no Federal judge has so far considered the merits of this latest attack on the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. The Origination Clause, attorneys can argue about anything and everything. I'm an attorney, and you can hire me for either side, and I can charge. It's a great deal. But the reality is the Origination Clause ensures that the House--important--people's House, has the first say when it comes to bills raising revenue, and it's the Chamber most closest to the people. But at the same time, it's the same Chamber that it was when the Origination Clause was drafted because at that time, of course, the Senate was made up of folks that could get the votes of the State legislatures. And they were the States' guys, and they got picked by--sometimes it was the Governor; sometimes it might have been the Speaker of the House--but basically they weren't elected by the people, and they were chosen by just general assembly. Now they're elected. So it's kind of a different game.    We have an evolving Constitution, and we change and we don't go back to what somebody necessarily said because things change, but the Constitution reflects political compromises made by the Framers to ensure competing interests of various States and regions were addressed, even though they changed when we elected the Senate. Foremost among these was the compromise of Congress itself, and it gave the House a little more emphasis because it was the people's House, and the Senators were the boss' House, so to speak.    The Origination Clause reflects that balance, and it gave the House ``exclusive authority to originate bills'' for raising revenue. That clause gave the Senate broad leeway to, ``propose or concur with amendments as on other bills.'' That balance has worked for two centuries, and the House prerogative to originate all bills relating to revenue is established and respected. At the same time, the Senate's authority to amend is established and respected.    The majority witnesses, however, believe the Origination Clause is in peril, and particularly, they allege that Congress did an end run around the Origination Clause when it passed the Affordable Care Act and, in particular, its individual mandate and the related shared responsibility payment.    As will be made more evident during our discussion today, neither the facts nor the law support that assertion. Sometimes you argue the facts. Sometimes you argue the law. Now you just kind of argue politics. While the Affordable Care Act is arguably not even a bill for raising revenue within the Origination Clause's meaning, even if the clause applied to the act, it is clear the act met the clause's requirements.    The vehicle for enacting what ultimately became the Affordable Care Act was a tax bill that originated in the House which the Senate then amended by substituting language of the Affordable Care Act. In so doing, the Senate clearly acted within its authority within the Origination Clause to propose or concur with amendments to a House revenue bill as on other bills.    I question the need for today's hearing when lower courts have already spoken and when the Supreme Court may be about to speak on this issue. This hearing serves little purpose other than to once again attack the Affordable Care Act, which the majority party has tried to repeal on 62 occasions and constantly failed, and I do enjoy the little engine that could, but that's kind of what we're experiencing here in Congress.    The ACA has allowed almost 18 million Americans to get health insurance, including more than 236,000 Tennesseans who have received health insurance through ACA's changes, establishing the lowest rate of uninsured in 50 years. It ended discrimination by insurers against those with preexisting conditions, including women, allowed young adults under 26 to remain covered by their parents' insurance, benefitting 2.3 million Americans, encouraged better, more efficient delivery of quality health care, and ensured that most premium dollars are spent on health care, not profits.    I was proud to have voted for the Affordable Care Act and proud to vote 62 times not to go into the political demagoguery of trying to repeal what is one of our Nation's best efforts at joining the rest of the industrialized and civilized Nations in having health care for its people, saying that you have a right to exist and a right to live, and we should let every citizen have that opportunity.    President Obama's signature achievement is one I am proud to have voted for and will strongly defend against all attacks, including those today in a Committee which I wish we were hearing voting rights; I wish we were hearing civil rights; I wish we were hearing opportunities to extend rights to people rather than taking health care away from them. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Cohen. Mr. Chair, Mr. Conyers won't be here today. I would like to introduce his remarks for the record.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Firstly, I'd like to comment that President Obama asked us all to kind of be more civil and work together, and I would like to suggest that our Chairman is one of the most civil and decent fellows in the Congress, although there are many of them, and I thank you for that.    You're always a gentleman, and while we disagree on things, and sometimes I'm a bit broad-shouldered, I guess, in the way I approach things, you are always very, very nice in how you respond. And you taught me a lesson today. You're right. I brought up the ``Little Engine That Could,'' kind of like Ted Cruz brought up ``Green Eggs and Ham,'' and in the end, of course, they sort of like ``Green Eggs and Ham.'' So both of us brought up books that we didn't really think about the actual story. But in the same object as Ted Cruz, it made me think about this Committee and what we do, and we discuss these issues about the Constitution, and it's important that we do. And we probably, I would suggest, Mr. Chairman, maybe take up consideration of natural-born citizen. That might be really germane and relevant today to have a hearing on whether or not Senator Cruz is a natural-born citizen, as the Constitution says you must be to be President of the United States, because we could have a real terrible situation if the Republicans nominated somebody who couldn't actually take the oath of office. And I would just submit that for your consideration.    I think that's certainly a hearing that would be relevant, timely, and appropriate because his mother--he was born in Canada, and I understand his mother even voted in Canada. And while Canada is a great country, and I think Mr. Trudeau is a great guy, he shouldn't be President of the United States, and he can't be President of the United States because he is not a natural-born citizen.    This issue is going to be decided by the Supreme Court, and I guess on Friday they're going to decide whether they're going to hear it or not. I think we got maybe an idea of whether it was going to be heard or not last night. Six Supreme Court Justices did what Supreme Court Justices have done for a long time, and that is show respect for the President and attend the State of the Union address. Justice Scalia and his two votes and Justice Alito failed to appear, and I suspect since you need four folks to get a hearing, that you'll be one short, and this will be mooted. But we'll find out on Friday, but I think there was maybe a little groundhog show yesterday in the fact that six Justices did come and respect the President.    I also note--and it's something that's bothered me since we passed this bill, which is great--but people can call a bill whatever they want, and I appreciate the lady and gentleman who refer to it and Mr. Frank as he does in an always an appropriate manner, the Affordable Care Act, or ACA. ObamaCare we know is not really praising Obama. That's a pejorative really in politics, and we can't get around the fact that people want to attach it. And there's a whole bunch of problems. President Obama is a great man and a great human being who has tried to bring the parties together and tried to bring this country forward, and his election was a great testament to breaking ceilings and showing that all people, regardless of their race, their religion, other factors other than where they're born naturally, have the opportunity to be President in this country. It's a great country for that reason. And he scorned people who use the politics of race and/or religion.    But when we talk about ObamaCare, a lot of people are conjuring up the fact that maybe this man with this unusual name has some birther problem himself, which of course he doesn't. It's Senator Cruz that might, ironically enough, but Mr. Trump is right on that. But it's just unfortunate that people continue to do that because that's disrespect for the President and disrespect for the whole concept and the celebration that this country should have and did have in many quarters that somebody who is of African American parentage could become President of the United States and could be a great leader and a great moral force for this great Nation.    So it's been an interesting hearing. And I'd ask Ms. Wydra, is there anything you've heard today in the comments of either of your two compadres here that you'd like to comment on?    Mr. Cohen. Thank you. So, in essence, we're just whistling Dixie, and if I'm wrong in saying whistling Dixie because there was some other way, the Chairman will correct me as he did earlier.    Mr. Cohen. Would the gentleman yield for just a minute?    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, sir. Thank you. I think that there's a proper response, and I'd like to play it right now.    Mr. Cohen. Chris Christie would like this one.