    Mr. Bertoni. Close enough.    Mr. Bertoni. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, members of the subcommittee, good morning. I'm pleased to discuss the Railroad Retirement Board's disability programs and the challenges that expose taxpayer dollars to fraud, abuse, and improper payments. As a steward of both the occupational and total and permanent disability programs, RRB is accountable for managing and overseeing the expenditure of billions of dollars annually.    However, our work has identified internal control weaknesses and oversight gaps in these programs. Related audits by the Board's inspector general and the Department of Justice investigation have also identified similar challenges. My Statement is based on our prior work and focuses on key vulnerabilities that threaten the integrity of RRB's programs as well as actions that the Board has taken to address our recommendations.    In summary, instances of past fraud and improper payments have highlighted gaps in the Board's oversight, due in part to a manual, paper-based process and impedes the agency's ability to systematically identify potential fraud patterns, such as a high concentration of claims from one source or boilerplate medical exam information submitted for multiple claims by the same doctor. To address this issue, the Board has taken some limited steps to compile and analyze electronic data, primarily for Long Island Rail Road claims. But more could be done, including mining such data for the other railroads it oversees in its total and permanent disability program.    Our June 2014 report further highlighted fundamental shortcomings in RRB's policies and procedures. First, we found that field staff rely on outdated information to verify claimants' self-reported work and earnings activity although more timely data is available. And they risk paying benefits to ineligible individuals as a result. We recommended that RRB seek more timely earnings data, such the National Directory of New Hires data base. Agency officials agreed to work with OMB in exploring this option going forward.    Second, we reported that the Board's claims process fell short of basic internal control standards and that a single examiner could both review and approve a claim in many cases without any independent review by another third party. In fact, we found that up to one-third of all claims were approved by the same examiner who reviewed the application. And we noted that the absence of a second set of eyes on these claims could expose the agency to improper payments due to fraud or error by the claims examiner and recommended supervisory review of all claims.    The Board subsequently revised its policy to strengthen such reviews effective September 2014. We also found an insufficient commitment to quality and integrity at RRB, as reflected in their quality assurance activities and performance metrics, which focus primarily on payment timeliness and accuracy and less on whether disability decisions were supported by the medical evidence and were, in fact, correct. While it's important that claims be paid quickly, it's equally important that benefit decisions be accurate. Thus, we recommended that the Board shore up its quality assurance processes and establish more balanced performance metrics. While the agency agreed with our recommendations and is in the process of developing a new quality assurance plan, we have yet to receive it or review it.    Last, we noted an insufficient commitment to fraud prevention throughout the agency, even after high-profile Long Island Rail Road incident. Our interviews with staff showed an inconsistent level of fraud awareness. And claims reps in four offices we contacted said they had not received any fraud-related training. Some other staff told us it was not their job to be on the lookout for fraud. We recommended that RRB take steps to elevate the importance of fraud prevention and detection agency-wide. The Board agreed and has begun to take steps to amend its procedures, training, and other program tools in this area.    In conclusion, RRB's disability programs remain vulnerable to fraud and overpayments due to various management and systemic weakness that warrant sustained attention going forward. Absent a more proactive stance by the Board to make substantial progress in movement away from a business-as-usual approach to claims processing, public confidence in these programs may be further undermined. At present, much work still needs to be done. And we look forward to working with this subcommittee, Board officials, and inspector general staff as the agency continues to implement our recommendations.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my Statement. I'd be happy to answer any questions that you or other members of the subcommittee may have. Thank you.    Mr. Bertoni. We had some work we did in the, I believe, late 1980's. And we actually took--you're pulling on the memory strings here. I believe we took a sample of claims and we had some experts, external experts, maybe even SSA adjudicators to look at these claims to see if they were correctly adjudicated. And we had some real concerns with the action and reliability decisions.    Mr. Bertoni. I believe we had five.    Mr. Bertoni . Are not an age and service. It is about 2 percent. But there is a total and permanent program as well, and there is also a process for an occupational disability where they get a Social Security equivalent.    Mr. Bertoni. There is not a lot of evidence on occupational. There are not a lot of occupational programs. RRB is very unique in it being an occupational program.    The Social Security Administration is going to look--sort of to your question, is it a five-step sequential process. One of the sequences is first to say, can this person do their prior work? If yes, then that's a different answer. If no, then they go to, can they do another job in a national economy? So that is all that you have. It is sort of an apples-and-oranges question.    Mr. Bertoni. How many are currently on the rolls?    Mr. Bertoni. Is that the question? How many are currently on the rolls?    Mr. Bertoni. Occupational disability, 61,000; total and permanent, 21,000.    Mr. Bertoni. Seventy-eight percent.    Mr. Bertoni. No, the total and permanent program is at 78 percent. Social Security Administration's initial claims approval rate is about 30 percent. And that's problematic for us because supposedly the Social Security Administration and the RRB are using the same criteria. So there is a pretty wide gulf between what is being approved at the Social Security level versus RRB.    Mr. Bertoni. I think part of this is, I mean, we don't know if it is systemic. We do know that physician-assisted fraud happens. I just issued a report a couple of months back for the Social Security Administration. We know it is happening there. But if you are not looking for it, if you don't have the tools in place, the data analytics and other tools to sort of look at the quality of the decision and what is going into the decision, you don't know.    I would just say, we know it is happening, there is collusion. It usually involves two to three parties, but to catch these things, it is usually chance and luck. Unless you have the appropriate tools in place, we are not going to know how big it is and whether it is systemic, but it is happening.    Mr. Bertoni. Yes.    Mr. Bertoni. We haven't done any analysis on the structure. So I really couldn't weigh in on that.