    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We have talked about that personal care services may be an area that is vulnerable to fraud. And we must make sure that beneficiaries are receiving the services that they need at the right time in the right way. However, I have concerns about a penalty on the State's FMAP in an environment with Medicaid, where Medicaid Programs really are struggling right now administratively.    So, Ms. Riley, I know that MACPAC has not extensively studied this issue. But the Commission has looked at Medicaid administrative infrastructure. Could you tell us, what are some of the challenges that are being faced in this space?    Ms. Schakowsky. That is what I am concerned about. Because if the state doesn't implement the electronic verification system, under this legislation that is being considered, they face a cut in their Medicaid reimbursement. But there aren't any start-up funds or implementation funds before the penalty begins to go into effect. So is it possible that when States spend Medicaid dollars to build these systems, they are going to need to decrease the spending that they have on services? Basically, what is the tradeoff?    Ms. Schakowsky. So is this decision-making underway right now at MACPAC?    Ms. Schakowsky. So how can we get at a real cost-benefit analysis then?    Ms. Schakowsky. OK. I do want to go back to this issue that was raised by Representative Castor about the issue of the treatment of lottery winnings and other lump-sum income. You spoke to it a bit. I mean, it is one thing to talk about a lottery winner and, you know, millions of dollars or whatever. But it really does lump, if you will, together these other things--and you actually raise the issue of disability. I am really worried about that, that, as you pointed out, that disabled individuals frequently have to wait a year or more, you mentioned 2 years, for their application to be processed for disability. And that is after the mandatory 2-year waiting year. And, generally, they are paying for other living expenses and medical bills during that time. So if they are eventually determined to be eligible for SSDI and then get a lump-sum payment to cover that waiting period but that then deprives them of the Medicaid benefit, then how are they to pay back all the expenses that they had while they were waiting?    Ms. Schakowsky. I just think that putting those two things together, that there ought to be--I totally get somebody strikes it lucky and gets the lottery. But I am over my time. Thank you.