    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate your courtesy very much. Hello, Administrator. It's good to see you again. Last time we spoke, the Clean Power Plan was still a proposed rule, and now it's been finalized. And I really just want to applaud you for your commitment to this important issue. So, thank you.    Mr. Engel. We know the U.S. emits more carbon pollution than any nation except China, and existing power plants are the country's largest single source of carbon pollution. And before now, most power plants could emit unlimited amounts of carbon dioxide, and those emissions have significant health impacts. They've threatened the lives and well-being of all people across America.    I say this because my district has some of the highest rates of asthma in the United States. I'm from New York City, from the Bronx, and death rates from asthma in the Bronx are about three times higher than the national average, and hospitalization rates are about five times higher. And the EPA estimates that the climate and public health benefits of the Clean Power Plan will range between $34-54 billion in 2030, and it will help avoid between 1,500 and 3,600 premature deaths, and 90,000 asthma attacks in children in the year 2030 alone. So, I believe that the Clean Power Plan is important because of the public health benefits associated with reductions in domestic emissions, and also because it signals to the international community that the U.S. is serious about reigning in its contribution to global greenhouse gas pollution.    So, let me ask you this. When President Obama entered office, he set out to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent below 2005 levels by the year 2020. The intended nationally determined contribution that we submitted to the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change says that we plan to reduce our emissions by 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. Do you think we'll hit those targets, and would we hit them without the Clean Power Plan? And how does implementation of the Clean Power Plan impact the international climate negotiations coming up in Paris in December?    Mr. Engel. Thank you. I certainly agree with you. And let me ask you this question. Since 1990, a vast majority of the new electric generation capacity in the United States has been built to burn natural gas, the second largest source of new capacity has been wind power which creates no air pollution at all, as we all know.    I understand that with State flexibility built into the Clean Power Plan it's impossible to know the precise mix of fuels that will result, but do you anticipate the Clean Power Plan changing the fuel trends that we've seen emerging over the last 25 years? And if so, how?    Mr. Engel. Well, thank you very much. I'm happy to hear that, and keep up your good work. We really appreciate it. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.