    Mr. Barham. Yes.    Mr. Barham. OK.    Mr. Barham. Mr. Chairman, it is an honor for me to be here, and I will try to talk more rapidly. My colleague, Nick Wiley, from Florida, is here, and we are in support of H.R. 3094. Nick is not sitting beside me because he is mad at me. He has not gotten over the Florida game with LSU last weekend, and he wants to sit as far away as he can.    Mr. Barham. Mr. Chairman, we are here because we can do a better job. The fisheries management by the Federal Government is not a good one, especially as it relates to red snapper in the Gulf. It has been stated as to fishing days, we have been cut down now to 10 days. That is really, Mr. Chairman, a ridiculous proposal.    In assessing a resource like the snapper, it is about having the correct numbers, and they are just not getting those numbers. They do not have a protocol and a system where they are properly assessing the population in the Gulf or the locations of those populations. These are not migratory fish, they are territorial fish. We know where they are.    We put in, as they mentioned, the LA Creel program, where we scan the state and pick out all the big docks where recreational fishermen come in, and we literally send biologists to every one of them during the snapper season to count the fish.    We also pull the bone behind the brain of a fish, where we can age those fish. The Feds are not doing that, so we have information not only as to population, but weights, sizes, and numbers.    We are certainly more responsive to changes in that population, and would react quicker than the Federal Government. The Gulf Council meets five times a year. Our Commission meets every month. And I would have the authority within 72 hours to close a fishery, and it would be in our interest. We are not about to damage those fish.    I would like to make a point in response to the Congressman who said that the charter-for-hire folks are against this. That is not so in Louisiana. We polled every one of our charter captains and got a response from nearly two-thirds of them. Of those that responded, over 70 percent are in favor. They know we will do a better job in Louisiana.    So, as we look at it, we also are and want to be aware of the opposition. I think the opposition is fearful of any change. It would be counterproductive for me to damage one sector of my fisheries in Louisiana in favor of another one. Commercial fishing in Louisiana is a huge industry, and a very successful one.    Louisiana is second only to Alaska in the production of commercial fish. Of the 1.4 billion pounds of commercial fish produced in the Gulf, Louisiana produces over a billion pounds of that 1.4 billion. We have over 30,000 jobs of people who depend on the commercial industry. If I did something to damage that industry, I would be gone very quickly. It is never my intention. I think the commercial folks will be better off if I am doing the assessment, because we will do a better job of telling what those stocks are.    We will move forward with managing the fisheries. We will provide the information. Again, I would say to you that we will do a better job. I am available for any questions that you might have today.    I would add one comment to the Congressman from Arizona. I appreciate what you say about Arizona being nervous about sending their money to Louisiana. If that turns out to be the stumbling block to this bill passing, do not send me a dime. Just give me the authority to manage those fisheries. I will do a better job.    Mr. Barham. Our monitoring through LA Creel, that is the program that we have put in place to monitor the fish, and we would continue that program. That program is so successful in Louisiana. We do a much better job. I think the Feds even recognize that. We are providing them the data, and they see that our program works so much better than their assessment, even in Louisiana.    And, I would comment that the Feds have a cookie-cutter approach in that they are managing the Gulf, as a whole. The Gulf is not a whole. The fish off Louisiana are not going to show up off Florida tomorrow. These are geographically limited populations that need to be managed by the people that are there that should be managing them.    Also, I did not mention that we have a document from all our directors, all of my comparables in Texas, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida that support this program. They clearly recognize we can monitor the fish better than the Federal system.    Mr. Barham. That is correct.    Mr. Barham. No, I think you are correct.    Mr. Barham. Yes, sir.    Mr. Barham. Of course, I am open to that. It is successful when everybody is involved, and we want them involved. Our commercial industry, as I told you, is so important to our state. I want them to trust that we will do the best for them, absolutely.    Mr. Barham. Well, we took the quota that the Feds used to establish our state season, if you will, to be sure that we use their numbers, and we set our goal to match----    Mr. Barham. I would not hazard a guess at this point.    Mr. Barham. Well, as far as Louisiana, in this bill we want to protect what the commercials have today. We do not want to undermine their production. That is the initial premise. We want to be sure they get the amount of fish they are getting today into the future.    Beyond that, we believe that our assessment of the stock, and the viability and the vibrancy of that resource offshore, will indicate that they can have increases in the future. That is our belief.    So, we will manage using our LA Creel and any other tools that we develop that we believe----    Mr. Barham. Absolutely. Their protocols are woefully inadequate. He mentioned a court case. I will cite to you that 2, 3 years ago, Texas and Louisiana joined together and sued them about the allocation for Louisiana.    In the Federal court in Brownsville, Texas we saw the difference between our data and their data. They extrapolated what they estimated our population off Louisiana--they extrapolated from their sampling from less than 30 fish to say what the total population of the fish was off Louisiana. And we comparably had, literally, thousands of samples--weights, ages, health of the biomass. The Federal----    Mr. Barham. Well, we, in essence, do that in Louisiana. We have what is called an offshore landing permit. We can individually contact those fishermen who have that offshore landing permit.    In addition to that, as I said earlier--I don't know if you were here--we selected all the larger docks in Louisiana, both private and public, and we send biologists to literally check the catch of the anglers coming to those docks. So, we get the vast majority not only of the counts, but the scientific data from the fish. We are keeping a real-time, whole population sample in Louisiana in LA Creel.    Mr. Barham. Mr. Chairman, earlier in the committee hearing I spoke to one of the Members who expressed that same feeling.    Mr. Barham. No, I told him that if that turned out to be the stumbling block, do not send me the money. Give me the authority to manage the fish; we will do a better job.    Mr. Barham. Absolutely.    Mr. Barham. My personal opinion is I do not know exactly how it would work. That would be a real challenge, to have a bifurcated system. Of course, I am certainly willing to discuss any proposal, absolutely.