the Washington, DC., area to the Philadelphia area. The payments included about $33,000 paid to Ms. Rubens, who held that position, primarily to reimburse her for lodging, meals, tips, and dry cleaning expenses. Payments to other entities totaled approximately $241,000 and included about $212,000 to the home sale contractor, $16,000 to the company that moved and stored Ms. Rubens' goods, and about $13,000 in service fees that went to VA's Financial Service Center and the VA Technology Acquisition Center.    Ms. Rubens did retain her pay despite the decrease in job responsibilities. But according to the federal regulations, the SES rate of basic pay for a career senior executive may only be reduced if the senior executive has less than a fully successful annual summary rating or has failed to meet the performance requirements of a critical element. From fiscal year 2009 to the time of her reassignment the Deputy Under Secretary for Field Operations was rated better than fully successful on all performance appraisals. Therefore we concluded that all critical elements were met. Based on applicable federal regulations we determined VA could not reduce the annual salary upon reassignment despite the decrease in the scope of responsibilities.    We also conducted a limited assessment of VBA's use of the PCS relocation program. We determined VBA's reassignments of seven general schedule GS-15 employees who were promoted to SES, and another 15 SES employees who were moved to different SES positions. We determined that VBA management used reassignments through the PCS program as a way to increase SES pay.    It is important to note from fiscal year 2010 to 2013 the U.S. Office of Personnel Management guidelines precluded all SES employees from receiving annual pay increases. Further, in 2012 the then VA Secretary determined no VBA executive would receive performance awards based on concerns over excessive backlog of veterans disability claims.    Twenty-one of 23 reassignments included salary increases. These VBA reassignments resulted in annual salary increases totaling about $321,000, which averaged about $15,300 per individual. We identified concerns with the salary increases because they did not seem to consistently reflect changes in the position's scope of responsibility.    We also found VBA paid seven employees relocation incentives when they moved to new positions. The seven relocation incentives totaled $140,000. We determined that VBA did not properly justify these incentives. Five relocation expenses were not justified because job vacancies were not announced, or the positions were filled before candidates who applied were considered. The two other incentives were not timely justified as justifications were signed months after the job announcements were posted. The then Under Secretary for Benefits and the then VA Chief of Staff approved the VBA's relocation incentive justification and payments.    VBA paid relocation expenses for 20 of the 23 reassignments, which included AVO related expenses for 11 of the moves. Specifically VBA spent about $1.3 million on relocation expenses for these moves. While these reassignments resulted in significant cost to VA, these expenses were allowable under the federal relocation program. VBA also spent a total of $1.8 million for the 23 reassignments we reviewed. While we did not question the need to reassign some staff to manage a national network of VAROs, we concluded VBA inappropriately used VA's PCS relocation program for the benefit of its SES workforce.    In conclusion our findings demonstrate the need to strengthen controls and oversight in order to improve financial stewardship in the program and we are pleased to see the department is reviewing the evidence and taking this report seriously. But at this point I do not have specifics as to how they are going to implement the 12 recommendations. They did give me implementation dates that spanned October 31 through December 31 and I expect more detail at that time.    This concludes my statement and I will answer any questions.    The Chairman. Thank you very much. All of my questions this morning for the IG are based on the evidence used to complete their report. Ms. Halliday, at the hearing on April 22nd Mr. Pummel testified that the AVO program was necessary to fill the Philadelphia RO position because it was, quote, tough to fill. In your opinion was the AVO used in Ms. Rubens' case because it was tough to fill?    Ms. Halliday. No. I believe that the Philadelphia VARO offered significant management challenges to whoever took over the leadership. But you have to advertise positions and there were candidates. I think our report says there were approximately 120, but do not quote me on the number.    The Chairman. At the April--did you find it?    Ms. Halliday. No, I have the Philadelphia one.    The Chairman. That is all right. At the April 22nd hearing Ms. Rubens testified that the AVO program was, quote, part of a benefit program that VA offers to ensure transition in as quick and as smooth as possible to an office that needed leadership changes, end quote. Based on your investigation is this the reasoning that VA used the AVO program in Ms. Rubens' case? And if not, what was their reasoning?    Ms. Halliday. I believe the reason went to Ms. Rubens saying that she would not execute the move without the AVO. Originally she agreed, she volunteered for the position and agreed to take it. And then a few days later she said she would not take the position without the AVO benefit. And that was pushed through and approved by I believe the VA Chief of Staff----    The Chairman. Should that document have been signed prior to accepting the position?    Ms. Halliday. You would hope so.    The Chairman. In your opinion did Ms. Rubens and Ms. Graves use their positions of authority to move Mr. Waller and Mr. McKenrick for their own personal and financial gains?    Ms. Halliday. We concluded that in our report.    The Chairman. Were Mr. Waller and Mr. McKenrick essentially forced to move to Baltimore and to Los Angeles respectively?    Ms. Halliday. There are different facts that go into each move. We did, we interviewed those individuals. We believe we got sufficient information, feedback from them, that they felt that they were pushed to take those moves.    The Chairman. Did Ms. Rubens indicate to the IG that Mr. McKenrick reached out to her to volunteer his name for the Los Angeles position?    Ms. Halliday. I believe Ms. Rubens said that her and Mr. McKenrick spoke and he mentioned he had interest in the LA position. But this was right on the heels of being part of the review panel tasked to fill the vacancy. And when we spoke with Mr. McKenrick he flat out said he did not want to go to Los Angeles. He was given only a week to effect the move and that it put him further away from his children.    The Chairman. What were your conclusions about the role that the current Deputy Under Secretary for Field Operations, Ms. McCoy, played in moving Mr. Waller out of St. Paul so that Ms. Graves could take that position?    Ms. Halliday. I think the actions were inappropriate.    The Chairman. According to the report you have made a criminal referral of evidence from this investigation to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia for possible criminal charges. Can you tell us what led you to take this action and what update you may have received from the District Attorney's Office if they will pursue the case?    Ms. Halliday. What led us to making this referral was because it was a misuse of position that cost the federal government almost half a million dollars when you look at the two, both Ms. Rubens' and Ms. Graves', actions. That seemed to be sufficiently high enough, and to look like there was manipulation in the email information that we received that they pushed the two individuals out. I have no information as of this point from the referral for Department of Justice other than they are evaluating the evidence.    The Chairman. Ms. Brown.Rubens from VA's central office in Washington, DC., to Philadelphia. Once all PCS claims are processed, why did it cost so much to move Ms. Rubens from Philadelphia, since it is so close? Can you give us a break down of the cost? Specifically, who received what and did you find anything improper about the amount of reimbursements? Basically, did Ms. Rubens make any money on the move?    Ms. Halliday. Okay. For the amount of money that we identified, the $274,000, Ms. Rubens only received approximately $33,261. And she is paid for temporary lodging, her real estate expenses, travel costs en route, and miscellaneous expenses associated with the move. Our general consensus is that the majority of those expenses were allowable under the federal travel regulations and there really was not a problem with the reimbursement. We did find two expenses, one for alcohol and one lacking receipts. I considered them somewhat de minimis but they are unallowable. And you know, you have to justify that. Federal travel regulations are what they are.    The next big amount that everyone should be aware of is there was an amount paid to Brookfield and it is for the 2014 home sale fee. And that is the 27.5 percent of the average appraised value of the $770,000 for her house. That does not go to Ms. Rubens, that goes to a contractor that is under a GSA contract, not a VA contract.    Ms. Halliday. First, I think your actions to ask GAO are very appropriate. I think you should look at this. There is a substantial amount of money in the AVO, the percentages paid for these home acquisitions. And depending on the competitive market that has rising prices versus dropping, sometimes it is a benefit, sometimes it is not.    As far as VA deciding not to participate in the AVO program, I believe that is their choice. They have a couple of choices, not to participate or to put appropriate levels of controls in place so the type of activities that we described in our report do not continue to happen. My understanding is that they are looking at other recruiting tools that might be more appropriate but I do not have information on that at this time. As I said earlier, I am expecting more detail from VA. I do not necessarily think that the AVO program is the only program that could be effective here. But at this time I think that it is important to have some recruiting tools to get the best of the best to the positions they need to be in.    Ms. Halliday. I would think the potential exists and that each department, it would be dependent upon whether they had adequate controls in place to process all of the requests and authorizations made under the program. As far as what percentage they may pay for a company to pick up the home sale, this is in the contract. GSA puts the terms of those contracts and all federal agencies rely on it.    Ms. Halliday. I would think it should be looked at government wide. I would also say that I believe VA is rewriting it.    Ms. Halliday. I think there is a lot of potential. But it would not be abuse at this point, since that is allowable under OPM regulations. I definitely think it should be looked at. When you look at the private sector, your pay is commensurate with your responsibilities. I see no reason why it would change.    Ms. Halliday. No, government wide, sir.    Ms. Halliday. I have no evidence to that. My scope of responsibility stays within the VA.    Ms. Halliday. I would have to take that for the record. I am not sure.    Ms. Halliday. Partially.    Ms. Halliday. I think there was too broad of an interpretation applied here. I do not think, I think if they asked the Chief of Staff again can the salary increase if the responsibilities of the position drop substantially, the answer would be different.    Ms. Halliday. Yes, if they go to a different position.    Ms. Halliday. Yes.    Ms. Halliday. I believe that that has to be addressed with the Office of Personnel Management, who set up the guiding rules for pay setting for SES.    Ms. Halliday. VA may have more executives that transfer because it is in such a large decentralized environment, and there are many openings across the nation, where maybe some other federal agencies are more headquarters based. So we have a lot of that in the VA.    Ms. Halliday. From my understanding, but I do not have empirical evidence, VBA does face the same problem in filling the vacancies across its 56 VAROs.    Ms. Halliday. I would not have the evidence on that. I looked at two positions, what was advertised for Los Angeles, what was advertised for Baltimore here.    Ms. Halliday. That is something for the department to answer.    Ms. Halliday. Yes, it was. No, I am sorry. It was not. It was not. I am getting Baltimore and LA confused.    The Chairman. I appreciate it.    Ms. Halliday. But Philadelphia was not.    The Chairman. So the position where Ms. Rubens went was not advertised. Thank you. Dr. Roe.    Ms. Halliday. That could happen, yes.    Ms. Halliday. That is a GSA contract.    Ms. Halliday. That is our general conclusion.    Ms. Halliday. Thank you, doctor. Ms. Brownley, you are recognized for five minutes.    Ms. Halliday. Since there was not a final conclusion to whether those five individuals that were considered best qualified could actually fit there, I would have to say, agree with you that that relocation should not have been paid.    Ms. Halliday. Generally the position should be advertised. The individual should apply and be considered in the pool of competitive candidates. There are occasions when there is a discussion that someone would like to go to another spot and knows that it is open. I think at that point you can have a discussion, you can identify your interests. But if you have a specific interest, we in the IG if someone raises that we do not pay moving expenses. We do not pay the expenses associated to, you know, for the travel there. We say, okay, you can go to that position but that is at your choice. That is not at the government need. I think once the government need comes in, and in this case what happens, and I am not sure if I am going to give you all the detail on this and I will add anything for the written record. But it is called a management directed move. I do not want to go the position but then you have to go. When you do a management directed move the government then agrees to pay the expenses.    Ms. Halliday. In a management directed move, once they pay, a person really feels that they are at risk of losing their job if they do not accept it. That is almost the last thing you can do.    Ms. Halliday. Thank you.    The Chairman. Dr. Benishek, you are recognized for five minutes.    Ms. Halliday. I believe there was communications between Ms. Rubens and Ms. Hickey when Ms. Rubens said I am interested in the position. And General Hickey had said that she will do anything she can to help that, you know, make that happen. Like it is noted in the report there. The other role that was played is as the approvals for the transfer in position go up, she has to sign that, it then moves on to the VA Chief of Staff. So there is a documentation trail on the approval and the approval of the AVOs, things like that.    Ms. Halliday. That is recommendation number nine. And what we did was it was the OIG's position, because there was, we believed there was manipulation to get that vacancy open so that individual could take that spot, that the government had lost $274,000 because it paid that amount. General Counsel will have to go in and weigh the logistics, VA General Counsel, as to how much of that is recoverable. That decision, I do not know what is going to happen yet.    Ms. Halliday. That someone would have to pay that back.    Ms. Halliday. That is why we put the $274,000 in there. But it is clearly going to be out of our hands at this point.    Ms. Halliday. Are you talking the ones for veterans?    Ms. Halliday. That is clearly different than this is.    Ms. Halliday. This is what the federal government has put in place to move senior executives around to fill key vacancies.    Ms. Halliday. So I could not mix the two. One is an entitlement program and this is administrative.    Ms. Halliday. Yes. My understanding it is on the federal supply schedule. It is a contract that is awarded by GSA and then used by the federal agencies that participate in the program.    Ms. Halliday. I do not have that information. That would probably be vested in GSA.    Ms. Halliday. I do not have any evidence as to whether it is widespread. The view focused on these, the VBA moves. With a congressional request we would look into it.    Ms. Halliday. We could.    Ms. Halliday. I think every time the IG identifies a situation where they question the cost, the necessity of those costs, or the validity of those costs, it erodes the trust of veterans.    Ms. Halliday. I would have to get back to you on the record on that.    Ms. Halliday. I think my division for my administrative investigations is inundated with work.    Ms. Halliday. Right.    Ms. Halliday. Okay. That is a good question. I will send the report over to the VA. The recommendations in this particular report were directed to the Deputy Secretary because everyone else in the chain of command was involved at some level of the decision making and the actions that occurred. The department gets a specific period of time to review the recommendations.    Ms. Halliday. Well that would be the choice, I sent it to the Deputy Secretary. He could task whoever he wants to review the details of the report. You know, he might have General Counsel involved----    Ms. Halliday. We do send evidence over. We did. We sent the evidence over and I know General Counsel and the Office of Accountability Review were involved in looking at the evidence.    Ms. Halliday. I think that you are in the best position to make sure people are held accountable to implement those recommendations. Our internal operations has a follow up review. We track the actions to determine how long a recommendation is going to stay open, and is the department taking responsible actions to actually correct the problem. But in cases where you want quick action, yes, I think that is the role of the congressional committee.Secretary of Field Operations to move from Washington, DC., to the Philadelphia area. And here is my issue with that. When I look at the relocation expenses that we pay our military, that the Department of Veterans Affairs is there to support and serve, that the highest one can receive I think is around $4,000. If we look at the pay scale for an O-10, which is a four-star flag officer, that individual would receive a relocation allowance of $4,514.29 and that is with dependents, an O-10 with dependents, that is four-star. I retired from the Marine Corps as a major. And so that would be the Commandant of the Marine Corps would receive that $4,514.29. They would receive mileage and they would obviously have their household goods moved, 14,000 pounds, the government would pay for that expense.    I mean, that is incredible. How did this get so out of control, Ms. Halliday?    Ms. Halliday. That is a pretty broad question.    Ms. Halliday. Without being able to lay the services that are supported through a military move against the private sector and against the VA, I cannot really answer that. I would think that the contracts are set up. We saw that the percentages paid were the percentages per the contracts. It is possible, I think you should pursue GSA----    Ms. Halliday . And is there another option available that still would not inhibit senior executives moving from one position to another.    Ms. Halliday. I cannot answer that. I am sorry.    Ms. Halliday. You would have to ask them.    Ms. Halliday. No.    Ms. Halliday. I will take that for the record. I am not sure if I have it or not.    Ms. Halliday. The practice they were using did exactly that.    Ms. Halliday. Being in my occupation, you can always circumvent the controls if you want to. I hope to say this is the exception and not across the board. But the two we looked at we had problems.    Ms. Halliday. I think if people act with integrity, generally the rules were strong enough. But you are always going to have some that do not.    Ms. Halliday. Thank you.