    Dr. Bell. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee. I am Dr. Beth Bell, director of the National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. And thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today.    CDC works 24/7 to save lives and protect people against health threats, including the threat of potentially untreatable infections. With support from Congress, CDC is working to improve the Nation's capacity to detect, respond, and prevent antibiotic-resistant threats in health care settings and across communities to protect Americans and save lives.    Using the resources provided by Congress in fiscal year 2016, CDC is working on four fronts to support transformative improvements in our national capability to identify and respond to antibiotic resistance. First, CDC will invest the largest portion of this funding in our 50 states, six largest cities, and Puerto Rico. CDC will support state activities to improve the detection and prevention of AR infections transmitted across health care and community settings. These are just-in-time investments as the pace and challenges of antibiotic resistance are accelerating and every state needs capacity to take appropriate action.    Second, CDC's antibiotic resistance lab network will provide infrastructure and lab capacity through seven regional labs across the country. These labs will be able to detect resistant organisms recovered from human samples and new forms of antibiotic resistance. CDC will also provide support for labs in all States to test for CRE, the nightmare bacteria.    Third, CDC's Advanced Molecular Detection initiative is another important tool in our efforts to identify and solve more outbreaks faster. Because of innovations developed through this AMD initiative, CDC will be able to scale up whole genome sequencing of multiple foodborne pathogens to better understand foodborne antibiotic resistance patterns. Through the National Antimicrobial Resistance Monitoring System, NARMS, sequences from animals, from retail meat, and from humans will be compared to identify new ways of preventing human infections.    Finally, our ability to reduce antibiotic resistance will depend in part on improving antibiotic use, and we are working towards that through better measurement, through expansion of stewardship programs, and through educational campaigns.    The administration's budget request for fiscal year 2017 includes an increase of $40 million for year 2 of CDC's Antibiotic Resistance Solutions initiative. And so in fiscal year 2017, in addition to sustaining AR capacity started in '16, CDC will expand state antibiotic resistance prevention programs to better respond to outbreaks, to improve prescribing, and prevent antibiotic-resistant infections across all health care settings.    These collective investments have a direct impact on the response to AR threats, including the emergence of the MCR-1 gene in the United States. In May, Department of Defense scientists announced the first discovery of the MCR-1 gene in bacteria isolated from a person in the United States. Although there is not an immediate threat to the public or the current health of this patient, this is an important development for the United States. The antibiotic colistin is used as a rescue drug to treat patients with multidrug-resistant infections like     The MCR-1 gene makes bacteria resistant to colistin. The gene exists on a plasmid, which is a small piece of DNA that is capable of moving from one bacterium to another, spreading antibiotic resistance among bacterial species. The presence of the MCR-1 gene and its ability to share its colistin resistance with other bacteria such as CRE raises the possibility of a bacteria that is resistant to every antibiotic.    USDA also discovered MCR-1 in E. coli isolates collected from two different pig intestines. By comparing the DNA sequences of all three isolates, Federal scientists have determined that the isolates from the pigs are different from that from the human.    Yesterday, CDC issued an alert to proactively notify states, hospitals, and clinical laboratories about the availability of new detection tools for MCR-1 and to reiterate recommendations for infection prevention, environmental cleaning, and reporting to public health.    The identification of MCR-1 vividly illustrates our domestic and global challenges of antibiotic resistance. MCR-1 was first identified in China in November of last year, and in less than 6 months has been identified in a human and two animals in the United States. Antibiotic use anywhere can potentially affect any one of us.    The emergence and reemergence of health threats, including those caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria, is something we can expect to continue to see in the future. If we lose antibiotics, we could lose the ability to effectively treat sepsis and to provide the care to cancer patients, to organ transplant recipients, or burn and trauma victims.    So thank you again for the opportunity to appear before you today, and I look forward to the opportunity to answer your questions.    Dr. Bell. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    The campaign that I think you're referring to is a campaign which is called Get Smart, and this is something that we've been working on for quite some time. But actually, we've had quite a bit of impact. Actually, we've been able to show decline. The Get Smart campaign was really focused on outpatient prescribing. And while we are very concerned about the continued overuse of antibiotics in outpatients, we've actually seen considerable improvements over the years and they've been able to show an impact of the Get Smart program.    Antibiotic overprescribing and stewardship is a complex issue, and we really need to attack it on many different fronts. The Get Smart and outpatient facilities is just one piece of the puzzle, and we've been really redoubling our efforts in the area of stewardship over the last few years releasing guidelines for stewardship programs and essential elements for hospitals and for long-term care facilities.    Dr. Bell. Well, we now know that there are about 40 percent of hospitals in the United States that have all the elements of a stewardship program, and we've set a target of 100 percent of inpatient facilities by 2020. There are a lot of positive developments. I think----    Dr. Bell. Yes.    Dr. Bell. Yes.    Dr. Bell. Yes.    Dr. Bell. Yes.    Dr. Bell. Well, we really I think are just over the last few years really attacking this on lots of different fronts. As I said, the initial Get Smart program was really an educational campaign focused in one area, and now we have many different modalities. We've been collaborating very effectively also with CMS, with the American Hospital Association. CMS will be developing conditions of participation both for hospitals and long-term care that will require----    Dr. Bell. Excuse me.    Dr. Bell. Oh, sorry.    Dr. Bell. Yes----    Dr. Bell. Yes.    Dr. Bell. Yes.    Dr. Bell. I appreciate your point. And we have been developing a lot of educational campaigns focused on patients. And I think you're right. Our objective would be for patients, when they go to the doctor and the doctor wants to prescribe an antibiotic, the patient says why do I need this antibiotic? Please explain that to me. And we do really need a sea change, and we're certainly working in lots of different ways to educate the patient. The patient really is pivotal in terms of solving this problem.    Dr. Bell. Yes, thank you. As we've been talking, the issue of stewardship is so pivotal to addressing this whole issue of antibiotic resistance, and improved diagnostics, having the capability to be able to differentiate between a viral infection and a bacterial infection right there when the patient is sitting in front of you would be a really important tool that would help us in all of our stewardship efforts. So we really do hope that diagnostics that can at least perform that basic function will be something that'll be available----    Dr. Bell . Relatively soon.    Dr. Bell. Thank you. Yes, you're absolutely right. This is definitely a global fight. These microbes move around the world, and we have to look at this from a global perspective.    So we are working in a number of different areas. So, first of all, we do have a number of really excellent collaborations with the Europeans and the Transatlantic Task Force for Antimicrobial Resistance, which allows us to share information very quickly, develop common standards, and also pool our resources to help other countries around the world. That's a very effective collaboration.    The World Health Organization is actually getting serious about antibiotic resistance. The World Health Assembly has passed several resolutions with all nations basically committing to do something about antibiotic use. So we have to do everything we can to support them----    Dr. Bell . And we are----    Dr. Bell. That's right. It's a hard problem. And we haven't solved it here----    Dr. Bell. That's right. It's a hard problem.    Dr. Bell. Yes.    Dr. Bell. I think----    Dr. Bell. Yes. No, I think there are many parts of this. It can't just be education, you're absolutely right. There have to be national policies and there has to be national legislation that supports this sort of antibiotic stewardship around the world. And as I say, I think that there is a fair amount of interest in that.    We've been working also a lot on improving detection so that at least we know what's emerging where, and this is something that----    Dr. Bell. Go ahead. I'm sorry.    Dr. Bell. Yes.    Dr. Bell. Well----    Dr. Bell. No, we're not all equal, and there certainly are some countries that do have already a significant problem with, for example, bacteria that are resistant to all antibiotics. Colistin that we've been talking a lot about here is actually used quite a bit more to treat human infections in other parts of the world, in India, for example, because there are unfortunately a large number of patients that show up in intensive care units, for example, that are infected with bacteria that are resistant to all other antibiotics. So this is a larger problem in some other parts of the world. There are some hot spots. And this issue of detection and focusing on the hot spots and knowing where the hot spots are is something that we've been working on.    The Global Health Security Initiative includes antibiotic resistance as one of the areas that the countries have agreed to focus on so----    Dr. Bell. Well, I think that we--it would be not wise for us not to focus on our local problem here. If we don't know what's going on here, we're not going to be able to protect Americans. We have to be doing both because we have to be both strengthening our ability to prevent and detect and respond in the United States while at the same time supporting global efforts.    Dr. Bell. No, colistin is a very old antibiotic. It's been around for a long time. As a physician, I hate to prescribe colistin to patients. And actually in any country doctors really don't want to use it. It has a lot of potential side effects. It has kidney toxicity, it has brain toxicity. So it really is a last-resort antibiotic.    Dr. Bell. Thank you. So antibiotic resistance is a problem in communities, so a lot of our funding in 2016, for which we are very grateful to Congress, is being used to fund states and large cities to build their capacity to detect and to respond and to prevent. And so the additional funding in 2017 will go towards being able to go even further in that regard. So we'll be able to fund more states to have the kind of antibiotic-resistant prevention programs. We'll be able to strengthen our laboratory networks so that we can look for more types of antibiotic-resistant organisms. And in general, we'll be able to take the kind of investments that we're making in 2016 to more states and to a higher level.    Dr. Bell. No. Actually, this story really begins with--it's sort of a case study in how beefing up surveillance can really make a big difference in terms of prevention and response. So since we first heard about this MCR-1 identification in China, all of us in the Federal partners, including the Department of Defense, have been looking for evidence of this gene. And so the Department of Defense has a surveillance system where patients with bacterial infections or isolates within their system that have certain characteristics--in this case, show resistance to some of the extended spectrum beta lactamases--are shuttled eventually to the Walter Reed where they fully characterize these unusual isolates. And it was in the context of that that this was actually--that this was identified.    Dr. Bell. No, that's right, there wasn't. And actually, just to clarify that this bacteria actually is not a pan-resistant bacteria. So the bacteria that infected this patient is actually treatable by some antibiotics, and the patient herself is actually fine. Indeed, in our field investigation and follow-up we've been able to verify that she no longer has that bacteria in her urine.    Dr. Bell. Absolutely.    Dr. Bell. We----    Dr. Bell. Right.    Dr. Bell. We do not know, and I think that's to the point about what are we doing with the investments that are available to us because of Congress' appropriation is that we are going to be--and this is one of the things I think we've been concerned about for a long time, that, for example, the CDC being the only lab in the country that can actually look for some of these unusual types of resistance, that's not a good state of affairs. And with the additional investments, we're going to be able to have a much more robust system for systematically looking for these and for looking for other and new, more emerging forms of resistance. In terms of responding to this finding, that's really the first thing that we want to do. We need to figure out how bit a problem this is----    Dr. Bell . As you say, Congressman.    Dr. Bell. Yes, thank you. This is unfortunately very much the case that--and you could imagine how, if you think about our prevention strategies in terms of infection control and in terms of hygiene how countries where people really just don't have the option of this sort of hygiene that we can--the level that we can establish here in the United States, but this does contribute to spread. And we see this in many countries around the world.    I think one of the things that we've learned is that I think it makes sense to sort of break some of this down in order to approach it. And infection control in hospitals, for example, is one component that we've really been working now with a lot of countries to at least improve infection control in facilities. If we see that, a lot of the most resistant bacteria are in facilities. We've been working with a number of countries in India, in West Africa--you heard with Ebola that's not about antibiotic resistance, but we certainly saw what the importance of infection control was.    Dr. Bell. Yes, you're absolutely right. And actually, I'll go back again to Ebola while that isn't a resistant organism. In our work in West Africa to improve infection control, we used many nongovernmental organizations, church groups, and other sorts of nongovernmental groups as trainers, as extenders, and as groups that can stay in the area and help the ministries of health and the hospitals with infection control.    Dr. Bell. The World Health Organization actually is in the process of organizing such a campaign, and while we all need to participate in that and provide some leadership.    Dr. Bell. Yes. That's definitely part of what we have to tackle.    Dr. Bell. Well, I would say there are two problems. One is it's very hard to discover and develop these----    Dr. Bell . OK, scientifically. And then once you get them on the market, we're going to--everyone will ask them is don't sell them, OK, don't sell them very much because they're too valuable to waste on--that was the paradigm in the past, and that's why antimicrobials are so overprescribed, OK, is they were used for minor infections----    Dr. Bell . And viruses----    Dr. Bell. I haven't actually seen the rule itself, Congressman, but we have been working with CMS around this concept for quite some time. They have already actually had previously issued some comments for similar kind of conditions of participation for long-term care. Now, this is the one for acute care.    So I appreciate your point about a balance between regulation and individual clinical judgment. In general, these conditions of participation, they've been working closely with us and they basically are meant to incorporate the core principles of stewardship that we published in 2014 for inpatient and 2015 for long-term care. So these are really just fundamental kind of necessary pieces of a puzzle so that a facility has a stewardship program that actually is able to influence the process.    And I will say also that this whole process of coming up with the core elements and CMS's participation has really been very broadly supported in general by American Hospital Association and by lots of kind of industry partners. I think there really is a broad agreement now that the concept of helping physicians and facilities and patients prescribe wisely is really pivotal.    We've been talking a lot about drug development and what all the gaps are there, but really--and, as you've heard, I think this whole issue of antibiotic resistance is a long-term problem that has many components, and we really have to address them all in order to tackle it. And one of the pivotal components is this issue of stewardship, of getting serious about doing something about overprescribing, not stopping people from prescribing but being able to preserve the antibiotics that we have now. And that's sort of about saving lives now, as well as these areas of prevention and diagnostics and new drug development.    So as I say, I'm not familiar with the specifics, but it has been really a very broad process that CMS has gone through and has collaborated quite closely with us.    Dr. Bell. If I could just add that the concept of stewardship and stewardship for veterinarians, in addition to stewardship for human doctors is something that the American Veterinary Medical Association has been quite interested in, and we've been providing them actually with a lot of tools that they could use with veterinarians. And actually we haven't spoken about companion animals, but this is another area actually where we really don't have a very good sense----    Dr. Bell . Of what's happening, and we will be----    Dr. Bell . Looking to establish something there.