    Mr. Barton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Mr. Secretary, welcome back.    Mr. Rush and you seem to have a mutual admiration society going. Superstar Energy Secretary. I wouldn't go----    Mr. Rush. Don't get jealous.    Mr. Barton. Say what?    Mr. Rush. Do not get jealous.    Mr. Barton. Do not get jealous? Well, I wouldn't go quite so far as superstar, but my daughter has a saying that she learned in college, when something is really cool, it is money. And it is money. When you say it is money, it means that, man, that is hot and it is cool and it is right on the bean. Well, I would say Moniz is money. So not superstar but money.    Now, you know what I am going to----    Mr. Barton. I am going to give you a chance to show just how money you are. What do you think I am going to ask you right now?    Mr. Barton. You heard the chairman's opening statement. He talked about oil exports and, as you well know, Mr. Secretary, back in the '70s we had the Arab OPEC Embargo, and this committee and the Congress passed a lot of legislation to deal with that, most of which has been repealed. We had price controls on the wellhead natural gas prices, we had price controls on crude oil, we had even retail price controls on gasoline. We limited what natural gas could be used for. That has all been repealed. The only thing that hasn't been repealed is the ban on crude oil exports.    Now, the U.S. is number one in the world in oil production; over 10 million barrels a day. World use is somewhere around 94, 95 million barrels a day. Would you agree that if we were to let our domestic oil potentially be exported, that it would, at a minimum, keep prices from going up on world markets, and it is a possibility that the world oil price might go down? Would you agree with that?    Mr. Barton. I am not a Harvard economics professor----    Mr. Barton . But I did go to graduate school, and if we want to talk about sharing of rents, our refiners are taking those rents and putting them in their pockets today. They are not sharing those with the retail consumers. If we let the producers have the option of putting that oil on the world market, the consumer in the United States could potentially benefit from the world price going down, and I think you will agree with me that retail gasoline prices are basically set based on the world price for crude. You will agree with that.    Mr. Barton. So----    Mr. Barton. So I have a list here of studies where they have looked at what would happen to the price in the United States at retail for gasoline, and the Brookings Institute, NERA, Resource for the Future, Council on Foreign Relations, Bipartisan Policy Center, Baker Institute, Center for Global Energy Policy at Columbia University, Energy Policy Research Institute, Aspen Institute, Progressive Policy Institute, IHS Energy, ICF International Heritage Foundation, American Council for Capital Formation, Congressional Budget Office, Energy Information Administration, General Accounting Office, Federal Reserve Bank, have all concluded that if we allowed our oil to be exported, there would be no increase in the domestic price of--for gasoline, and in most cases it might go down. Now, those aren't oil company hacks; those are bipartisan usually, I would say, objective institutes. You have to be aware of some of those studies.    Mr. Barton. Yes. My time has expired----    Mr. Barton . But if you will send one of your crack aids to the Republican Study Committee Taskforce on Energy Seminar this afternoon, you will hear 4 or 5 experts all say that if we allow our oil to be exported, U.S. production will stabilize and probably go up.    Mr. Barton. Yes.    Mr. Barton. OK. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.