    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Wheeler, the big issue that I have been involved in is pirate radio, which you may know. And back in early June pretty much every New York member of Congress, as well as----    Mr. Collins . New Jersey sent you a letter. And while the issue may not be a terrible issue, in some parts of the country, it truly is in New York City, as evidenced by--not often can you get 27 members of New York to agree. Upstate and downstate, we are like two different worlds. So to sum it up, we are extraordinarily disappointed that the FCC has clearly said it is not a priority. We just got the letter from you yesterday.    And I understand budget concerns, and the point I want to emphasize is this is an issue, even though it is not to you, and you are the Chairman. We really don't appreciate you saying that--as you put in here, the time and expense of pursuing these cases present particular difficulties in the current flat budget environment, where the Commission's staffing is at its lowest point in 30 years. Overtime is less available, so, accordingly, we must prioritize our work based on existing resources and harm to the public. Thus, matters posing an imminent threat to public safety, or directly harming large numbers of consumers, must take precedence over other matters, such as pirate radio.    So, I understand what you are saying, but what is the size of your budget?    Mr. Collins. How many in New York, just----    Mr. Collins. Well, so you had that meeting, and the fourth point on that that came out was basically that you need more folks in your local enforcement office. That point number four of that hearing was additional FCC enforcement options.    Mr. Collins. But in another hearing we talked about how you have been reducing the local field offices, and pulling those folks back to headquarters. And some of us would presume that is to be ready to enforce Title 2, which we can disagree on as well. But it seems a little disingenuous, and our big concern is words are words, actions are actions, and the actions have not convinced me, and I think other members, that it is at all a priority. Your letter, while it said maybe someday, if we have got nothing else to do, we will see what we might want to find in pirate radio, that is--it is a low priority for the     Mr. Collins. Well, sure, that is what pirate radio is. They----    Mr. Collins. Absolutely.    Mr. Collins. Right.    Mr. Collins. I am about out of time, so two things. One is, maybe this is a rhetorical question, but I will ask it. There have been suggestions that the FCC has actually directed field offices to step down and back away from enforcement. Any truth in that?    Mr. Collins. Right.    Mr. Collins. So I am going to put it right out here.    Mr. Collins. And it did not come from you?    Mr. Collins. Could you provide me the language that you might suggest? Because I can appreciate--don't bring me a problem without a solution. Can you bring me the language that we might put in----    Mr. Collins . To some other legislation that would assist you on the pirate radio?    Mr. Collins. It is an important issue for us in New York, and we just don't want to be the last thing on Friday afternoon at 4:59, somebody said I have 1 minute until I go home, let me see what I can do on pirate----    Mr. Collins . Radio. Thank you.    Mr. Collins. I yield back.