    Ms. Frifield. I don't have a formal opening statement, but I did want to clarify, sir, that I did not refuse to come up. We asked clarifications on what exactly you were looking for because it seemed uncertain to us what you asked the State Department about these documents that were produced by the FBI. So we--I'm happy to be here and try to answer your questions as best I can.    Ms. Frifield. I believe he's going to get you the answer in the next day or so.    Ms. Frifield. I'm not responsible for FOIA redactions. So I--the FOIA process at all. So I'm afraid I don't have an answer to that question.    Ms. Frifield. I know what it is, but I don't--I'm not actively involved in the FOIA process and making redactions or anything, any aspect----    Ms. Frifield. FOIA's mostly done through our administrative bureau. So I would assume it would be someone in that bureau that would do it, as the normal course of action of the FOIA process.    Ms. Frifield. We normally do consult in some cases if there's interagency equities. And then they try to reach an agreement on what the classification level or redaction should be.    Ms. Frifield. I don't know----    Ms. Frifield. From my limited understanding of the way a FOIA process works.    Ms. Frifield. No, I have not.    Ms. Frifield. For FOIA?    Ms. Frifield. FOIA is done by--through the FOIA process, as I just said, in the--through the administrative bureau. And they have a series of very formal redactions which they make under the FOIA.    Ms. Frifield. We don't do that kind of redaction at all when it comes to Congress.    Ms. Frifield. No.    Ms. Frifield. I don't have the dates, but I think----    Ms. Frifield. --that's in the range is my understanding.    Ms. Frifield. I believe the rule is that when you leave, you should--your records should be turned over, but I don't know that there's a time. I don't know if there's a time lag that you----    Ms. Frifield. I'm not aware of any. I'm not aware of that.    Ms. Frifield. I would defer to--I don't know how many she didn't turn over.    Ms. Frifield. I assume he's accurate, but I do legislative affairs, so----    Ms. Frifield. --that's not my specialty.    Ms. Frifield. I don't--I'm not aware of any, but I don't know.    Ms. Frifield. I don't monitor that, but I think we're each responsible for our own emails, and we file them and save them, and they give you--through a process to do that.    Ms. Frifield. I haven't really been involved in the records retention issue, but I know we're working hard to improve our records retention system. We have new processes, new people who are involved in helping us all to understand how it's done.    Ms. Frifield. I think the policy is you're not supposed to delete emails.    Ms. Frifield. I don't know. But I think usually you save your emails and pass them on as records you're----    Ms. Frifield. I honestly don't know.    Ms. Frifield. I can't speak to specifics, but in general, when there's any kind of a violation or an issue or infraction, it's reviewed through administrative procedure out of the Diplomatic Security Office.