    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The purpose of this hearing, as I understand it, is to allow states to tell their remarkable stories. I appreciate that you have given them a voice. We will catch the Administration's position on another day.    In 2011, Secretary Salazar invited the states to take the lead in conserving sage grouse. The goal was preventing a species listing that would devastate western economies, which it can because it affects 11 states. The states have responded with tens of millions of dollars, countless man hours, and an unprecedented dedication to sage grouse conservation.    But what we have found out as states is, because there are 11 states, and the issues that threaten sage grouse populations in these 11 states are so different, a cookie-cutter approach won't work. Each state is unique in their ecology, their economies, their culture, their sage grouse habitat, and the reasons for sage grouse to decline in their states are very different, some within the control of mankind, some not.    I am proud to say that Wyoming has led the pack by securing the first and only federally approved state sage grouse plan. Our plan makes sense for Wyoming. It balances sage grouse conservation with energy production, agriculture, and other human necessities. But each state varies in the type and degree of threats to sage grouse. For some, like in Wyoming, it is primarily oil and gas production. In others, like Utah and Nevada, it is wildfires and drought.    So, you cannot use the same methodology in each state to address the problem. The factors aren't static, even within a state. States are in the best position to be nimble, and to respond to the conditions on the ground. And states can achieve this better in real time, as they adjust to the conditions they are dealing with, rather than on paper in the Federal Register.    That is why the Fish and Wildlife Service needs to allow states to craft plans that are as unique as the states themselves. This isn't just important for the sage grouse, it is important for my state of Wyoming; because no matter how solid Wyoming's plan is, if the sage grouse is listed anywhere, it is listed everywhere, including Wyoming.    So this hearing, Mr. Chairman, is also very timely, in light of yesterday's announcement by the Administration that they will pursue some administrative changes to the Endangered Species Act. It is a refreshing day when the Administration admits that the law needs more transparency, more state and local involvement, and less unproductive litigation. These are exactly the kind of improvements that were passed last year, and by the full House, as part of H.R. 4315. We had four bills that we bundled and sent to the Floor that came out of this committee that did exactly that.    Now, the Administration has previously spurned this committee's efforts to improve the Act and defended the deeply flawed system. So we need to make sure that, while the Administration took a positive verbal step yesterday, that they follow through and fix the problems as they exist on the ground, not just here in Washington, among bureaucrats.    So, as we review the Administration's proposals in more detail in the days ahead, I hope they are a sign that we can finally lose the scare tactics, have articles about people that want to tweak the ESA and update the ESA as gutting the ESA. That is hardly the case of what we want to do. We need this open dialog with the Administration on how to bring the ESA into the 21st century. It is a positive sign. This hearing is a positive sign.    Thanks again, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.