    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you and Chairman Wilson and Ranking Member Keating for convening this hearing, and I especially want to thank our witnesses for being here today.    In particular, I want to welcome Secretary Whelan here who has been before our subcommittee many times. I appreciate your presence, to all of you, and look forward to your testimony.    So I am pleased to join my Foreign Affairs Committee colleagues on the topic of countering threat financing. The combined force of our committees on this issue is paramount because effective CTF requires the collaboration and synchronization of a multitude of U.S. Government agencies. Holding this joint hearing will provide us an opportunity to understand CTF efforts and strategies in a holistic manner and what we can do to enhance its overall effectiveness.    Threat financing activities comes in many forms, from, as my colleagues have touched on already, from illicit drug trafficking, to wildlife poaching, to ISIL's alarming oil revenues. And understanding such activities and the associated organizations and networks, of course, is the first step, including the alternative financing through traditional financial institutions, as Mr. Keating had talked about, understanding the role that that is playing.    The Department of Defense plays a key role in this endeavor by providing threat finance intelligence, or TFI, to enhance our understanding of the challenges before us. Today, I look forward to hearing more about how such information is shared amongst agencies in a timely manner and used to produce synchronized goals and efforts to disrupt, degrade, and destroy such financing.    I also look forward to hearing from DOD and other agencies about the progress that has been made when it comes to institutionalizing CTF. This collaboration in Afghanistan resulted in many successes, and it is imperative we have a grasp on how such lessons learned are being leveraged.    With respect to the DOD, has progress been made on gaps identified in the recent capabilities-based assessment, such as CTF integration into joint plans and joint doctrine? How are we measuring the effectiveness of these efforts?    And finally, I hope today will provide insight into ongoing U.S. Government efforts in countering ISIL's oil revenue and the challenges we face on this front, as well as overall challenges with CTF that our committees could be helpful in providing solutions to when working with agencies.    So with that, I thank again our witnesses for being here. And thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would yield back.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank all of our witnesses again for your testimony here today.    So I would like to go back to the discussion we were having earlier about lessons learned. So we have touched on how each agency, specifically DOD, is institutionalizing counter-threat financing. I am also interested in understanding how CTF is being institutionalized across the whole of government through defined roles, responsibilities, and organizational constructs, allowing for more synchronized efforts at a more strategic level.    So, in Afghanistan, CTF was successful. Were there lessons learned here?    Mr. Langevin. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Keller?    Mr. Langevin. Okay. Thank you.    My time has expired, so I will ask Secretary Whelan and Mr. Woody to respond, if you would, in writing.    And, Secretary Whelan, for the record, I have a question for you, which is: How is intel shared in a timely manner so that all agencies are working within an updated intel picture? So, if I had more time, I would get your answer, but my time has expired.    I will yield back.