    Mr. Johnson. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this very important hearing today to examine both the legislation that my colleague, Mr. Rothfus, has introduced and the BRICK Act, a discussion draft that addresses the EPA's national emissions standards for the brick and structural clay products manufacturing industry, which was finalized last September 24th of 2015. Simply put, the BRICK Act would allow for the consideration and completion of any judicial review regarding the EPA's emission standards for the brick industry before requiring compliance.    Mr. Chairman, I want to take just a moment to illustrate how the EPA's new regulation will affect the industry and why the BRICK Act is so desperately needed. The majority of U.S. brick plants are small family-owned operations. They are often located in small communities that depend on the plant for good-paying jobs. Whitacre Greer Brick, located in Alliance, Ohio, is just such a company that fits that description. Whitacre Greer employs 75 people, offers education and training benefits and health insurance to its employees. To comply with the EPA's requirements, Whitacre Greer will be forced to borrow millions of dollars to pay for the required control equipment.    Many brick companies are already struggling to find the capital for plant modernization projects. I can't imagine how difficult it will be for these companies like Whitacre Greer to secure the needed investments to pay for new control equipment--equipment that provides zero return on investment.    Additionally, and this is an important point, the EPA, as you mentioned, Mr. Chairman, finalized a similar rule in 2003 that already required brick companies to spend millions of dollars on control equipment and the industry did that when that rule was implemented. A few years later, a federal court vacated that rule, making that investment useless. Unfortunately, the brick industry couldn't roll back the clock and recover the investment they had made and, worse yet, the EPA's new emission rules used reductions achieved by the vacated rule as the baseline for further emission reduction requirements.    Now, I don't think anybody here would disagree. I see the need to protect public health and the environment. But it is unfair that the agency's new rule does not give the industry credit for the emission reductions that it has already achieved. This lack of consideration in addition to other EPA rule requirements places the industry's very survival in jeopardy.    The brick industry is a part of the American fabric. It is a part of American culture. It has built some of the most iconic buildings and towns in existence today. We must make certain our regulations and laws preserve this industry, not end it. The BRICK Act will help keep this important industry alive.    Unless we want to start constructing buildings out of sticks and straw, we better wise up. We, collectively, all across this country, here in the House, in the Senate, in the federal agencies like the EPA, need to act responsibly on this issue.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I will look forward to discussing the issue.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, I certainly will yield.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate so much the panel being here today. Very important issues we are talking about--the health of an industry, jobs, our economy. Very important.    Mr. Henry or Mr. McAvoy, can one of you talk more about the ability to get a loan for a control device to comply with the EPA's MACT? I mean, if you had to get one of these loans how would it affect your employment level at your facility?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Mr. Henry?    Mr. Johnson. Sure.    Mr. Johnson. Right. Well, there's this status of a synthetic minor. You are able to get underneath the caps and that you would be then given some relief from some of this.    But how would that affect--let us say you were to be identified as a synthetic minor. How would that affect the company's ability to grow?    Mr. Johnson. So basically that limits your ability to create jobs and provide economic growth in your community. For both of you again, Mr. Henry and Mr. McAvoy, how would this particular legislation that we are talking about, the BRICK Act, be helpful?    I mean, considering that the industry has already spent hundreds of millions to comply with a similar EPA rule in the past only to have the courts vacate the rule a few years later, how would the BRICK Act be helpful?    Mr. Johnson. So letting the judicial reviews and letting the process play out before you have to comply certainly would be financially more acceptable to your industry?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Mr. Henry, continuing with you, the study that you attached to your testimony states that foreign competition in the brick industry has not been a factor in the past. Is that correct?    Mr. Johnson. And can you explain why that is not a factor?    Mr. Johnson. Sure. I knew that but I wanted the rest of the committee to understand that.    How might this unique situation--that is, the relative absence of foreign competition coupled with the EPA's rules which threaten the very survival of many of the family-owned brick plants across America, how would this affect the future availability of U.S. brick?    We don't have any coming in imported. If you guys go out of business and can't produce brick, are we back to building buildings with sticks and straw?    Mr. Johnson. All right. All right.    Mr. McAvoy, my time has expired but if we could--go ahead.    Mr. Johnson. To fill that void. Yes.    Mr. Johnson. So it would be other countries that would benefit from----    Mr. Johnson. All right. Another example of policies that enable our competitors overseas, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.