    Ms. McSally. The Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communication will come to order.    The subcommittee is meeting today to receive testimony regarding the bioterrorism threat.    Before I recognize myself for an opening statement, I want to acknowledge a special guest of the subcommittee today. I am pleased to have my goddaughter, Clare, joining us. She is shadowing me all day today to see what it is like to be serving in the House of Representatives.    I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    This morning, the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications will continue its examination of preparedness for the CBRN attacks to the homeland, with a focus on the threat of bioterrorism. It is what I hope will be the first conversation of many that this subcommittee will hold on biodefense. I intend for us to really dig into all aspects of biopreparedness, both for terrorism and pandemics or other emerging infectious diseases.    We received a Classified briefing last week on the threat of biological and chemical terrorism. How we prevent and prepare for WMD terrorism is a key area of oversight for the full Committee on Homeland Security, as it is for this subcommittee. Our Nation's capacity to mitigate the impacts of all types of biological events is a top National security priority.    Though many of us are new to this subcommittee or to Congress, we are not new to the issue of biodefense. I have personal interest in this area. I have a biology degree from the Air Force Academy, by the way, but I deployed six times, though, to combat zones during my military service, four of those deployments after 9/11. I was deployed to Saudi Arabia in the Middle East during the anthrax scare of 2001. I can tell you, in the military, we even were not prepared to deal with this threat at that time.    On subsequent deployments, I personally received a number of vaccines, to include the anthrax vaccine, smallpox, and we were on continuous antibiotics on my last deployment to Afghanistan. So, as we were responding militarily, we were poking and prodding all of our troops, making sure, you know, that we were ready to go for any of the common threats we thought were out there.    But that makes me wonder, just like when we talked about the chemical terrorism threat, obviously we can't have that be going on for everybody at home, so what do we need to do, you know, to protect the homeland and our society? So that is why it is imperative that we have a system in place and we exercise it, to detect and communicate and respond to this threat, to include the distribution of medical countermeasures.    We understand an attack using biological agents or weapons is a low-probability but high-consequence event. A bio-attack could cause illness or death in hundreds of thousands of people, overwhelm our public health capabilities, and have an economic impact of over $1 trillion per incident. Furthermore, we know there would be a myriad of significant societal and political consequences.    We also understand, thanks to experts such as those that are appearing today before us, that bioterrorist attacks are an urgent and a continuing threat. The Director of National Intelligence testified in February that weapons of mass destruction continue to be a major threat to security of the United States. He noted that biological and chemical materials and technologies, as well as personnel with expertise to use and design them, move easily in the economy. The DNI also stated that infectious disease continues to threaten our security, that a more crowded and interconnected world is increasing the opportunities for human and animal diseases to emerge and spread globally.    The hearing this subcommittee held last month highlighted challenges related to mass-casualty management as it pertains to a chemical event. Bio would be equally as challenging, with the added problem of illness taking days or weeks to present symptoms sometimes.    Because of the legitimate and important life sciences reasons to do research with biological agents, we may not always be able to stop our enemies from developing a biological weapon. Therefore, we must have a robust preparedness and response infrastructure in place. The ability of our health system to respond is of critical importance.    There has been a lot of solid work in assessing biopreparedness over the years, and I am very grateful to Senator Talent, co-chair of the WMD Commission, for being here to share this history and discuss why we seem to be almost stuck in place and time, unable to take steps toward change and enhancing our resiliency in this area.    In preparing for today's hearing, I reviewed this history, and I am honestly surprised and actually shocked that some of the recommendations made 6 or 8 years ago have not been implemented and that, even after the Ebola response, if we can call it that, we cannot seem to identify the Federal official, the one Federal official, who has the responsibility and the authority to coordinate the dozen or so senior officials whose responsibility it is for biological preparedness and defense. It is just baffling to me.    Beyond today's hearing, we will look at disease surveillance, detection, diagnosis, and reporting; we will receive a report from the formidable Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense, which plans to issue recommendations for changes to U.S. law and policy later on this year; and we will dive deeper into roles and responsibilities in the biodefense space.    But today is all about the threat. Last year, General Clapper stated that the intelligence community assessed that Syria's biological warfare program, ``might have advanced beyond the research and development stage and might be capable of limited agent production''.    In addition to the concern of the Syrian regime using biological weapons, we must also be concerned about ISIS and its affiliates getting ahold of them. As I have stated before, ISIS is better-resourced, more brutal, and more organized than any terrorist organization to date. We know they have an interest in using chemical and biological weapons. In fact, a laptop reportedly retrieved from an ISIS hideout in Syria last year contained plans for weaponizing bubonic plague and a document discussing the advantages of using biological weapons.    We have a very distinguished panel of witnesses here today to discuss this threat. I am hoping to hear from each of you. I want to know what keeps you up at night. How can we best position the Federal Government to respond to the threat of a biological attack?    Ms. McSally. Before I get to the panel, the Chairman now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Payne, for an opening statement.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    Other Members of the subcommittee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Ms. McSally. We are pleased to have a very distinguished panel before us today on this important topic.    Senator Jim Talent has been active in public policy for the past 30 years, including representing Missouri in both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives.    Following his service in the Senate, Senator Talent served as the co-chair of the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferation and Terrorism. Following the expiration of the WMD Commission's authorization in 2009, Senator Talent joined Senator Graham, the chairman of the WMD Commission, in establishing the Bipartisan WMD Terrorism Research Center.    Senator Talent is also a senior fellow and director of the National Security 2020 Project at the American Enterprise Institute. Senator Talent has a B.A. from Washington University in St. Louis and a J.D. from the University Chicago Law School.    Dr. Charles, or ``Chuck,'' Cairns is an interim dean at the University of Arizona College of Medicine in my district and the assistant vice president of the Arizona Health Sciences Center. He previously served as a chair of the Department of Emergency Medicine at the University of North Carolina and as director of emergency research at the Duke Clinical Research Institute.    Dr. Cairns has been a clinician, educator, investigator, and leader in emergency care, focused upon the host responses of individual patients and populations to acute medical conditions. Dr. Cairns was principal investigator of the National Collaborative for Bio-Preparedness and the director of the U.S. Critical Illness and Injury Trials Group. He has published over 150 scientific articles and reviews and has received numerous awards and honors.    Dr. Cairns is an honors graduate of Dartmouth College and the University of North Carolina. He completed an emergency medicine residency and EMF research fellowship at the Harbor-UCLA Medical Center. Dr. Cairns is board-certified in emergency medicine and a fellow of the American College of Emergency Physicians, the American Academy of Emergency Medicine, and the American Heart Association.    I now yield to the Ranking Member to introduce our third witness.    Ms. McSally. Thank you.    Welcome to all the witness.    The witnesses' full written statements will appear in the record.    The Chairman now recognizes Senator Talent for 5 minutes.    Mr. Talent. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    I want to thank you and the Ranking Member and all the Members of the subcommittee for your interest in this subject. It is personally quite encouraging to me because I do have a history with it, and you are right in believing that it does present a very grave threat and that we are not responding as well as we could.    I am going to summarize very briefly. I know you probably have a lot of questions and it will help you more to ask questions than for us just to talk.    A little bit on the history, and I know the subcommittee is aware of it, so I will be brief. Senator Graham and I were asked in 2007 to co-chair the Task Force on WMD Proliferation and Terrorism. We met with Senator Reid, the Majority leader in the Senate at the time, and he urged us to consider the mandate to be a broad one, to identify the areas where we felt Congress needed to know something that had not been highlighted enough, and to tell it to the Congress, you know, without any varnish on it, just to say it as it was. So we did that.    As we began our work, we decided to focus on the nuclear and the bio-threat. As we continued through our initial deliberations, the bio-threat kept emerging in the minds of everybody on the Commission, most of whom were nuclear experts, by the way, as actually the graver threat of the two--which, of course, is not to downgrade the danger of the use of a nuclear device against us--for several reasons.    One, the bio-threat is potentially as destructive as the use of a nuclear device. You have had the briefing; you know that. Second, we had direct intelligence that al-Qaeda was aware of the potential of a bio-threat. They had a lab in Afghanistan. They were trying to develop it. Third, we thought that acquiring and deploying a bioweapon was actually more within their capabilities than acquiring and deploying a nuclear device because advances in life science, which have done so much to, you know, improve the quality of human life, also have lowered the bar for the production and deployment of the bioweapon.    Now, it used to be that was only within the ability of a nation-state to do this. It was developed originally and then discarded as a battlefield weapon. But, now, if you can recruit a competent life scientist and get a lab at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars, it is entirely plausible that that life scientist can isolate and weaponize a deadly bio-agent. We said in the report, I think, that we were less concerned about the terrorists becoming biologists than we were concerned about biologists becoming terrorists.    So we said that in the report. We made a number of recommendations. Congress then asked us to come back and do another report on the status of our recommendations. This was the first one. We did the second one. In the course of doing that one, we focused on the issue of preparedness for a bio-attack, and, again, for a couple reasons, one of which is, obviously, if there is an attack, we want to limit the loss of life as much as possible. The second was our feeling that, to the extent that we can really prepare and harden the target, if you will, we could actually deter such an attack. We can make bioweapons no longer weapons of mass destruction.    So we issued the second report. Then, at the urging of the other commissioners, Senator Graham and I formed a nonprofit, which did the first ever--and, I think, the only one, to this date--end-to-end strategic study of all the links in what we call the chain of resilience. We recruited the best experts to formulate the right questions so that we knew what metrics we could use in judging the resiliency of the system, and we recruited another set of experts to answer those questions.    Then we issued this report, the ``Bio-Response Report Card.'' We tried to be fairly nuanced, to issue grades across a spectrum of different kinds of potential attacks. We did that in 2011.    My time is running out. I will just say, you have focused, I think, your subcommittee on the areas that concerned us the most.    We are not stockpiling as well as we should. We have made some progress since then. But, to the extent that we can stockpile against the most likely agents, then we force anybody who is actually planning this to try and come up with agents that are harder for them to come up with, so we raise the bar. FDA has made some progress in trying to develop the technology to be able to go from bug to drug quickly, but they need to work harder on that.    I was also--two more things, very briefly. I may run just a little bit over. But one of them--I was personally concerned with our distribution system very much. I am going to be very eager to hear what the deputy commissioner has to say because, to me, as a representative and a public official, the idea of these drugs being available and us not having an adequate system for dispensing them to people, think of the panic, think of what would happen to the social fabric if people knew they needed these countermeasures for their families and they couldn't get them. I mean, I don't want to think what would happen under those circumstances.    Finally, Senator Graham and I felt free, having served in this body, to be very clear and direct about recommendations regarding changing the way the Government approaches this in both the Executive and the Legislative branch. Leadership is too fragmented, and, if anything, Madam Chairman, to be fair to the Executive branch, it is worse here than it is over there.    We all know the problem. We know it is difficult to solve. I was a Chairman myself. I am not underestimating that. But we need to make an effort. If I had the Speaker and the Leader here and the Majority and Democratic leaders of the Senate here, I would tell them exactly the same thing.    So I hope that a movement towards that comes out of this. Bob and I understand that Congress is not an obstacle in this kind of thing; Congress can be a tremendous influencer for good in the workings of the Executive branch. But Congress has to be able to operate, and it can't with this jurisdictional setup.    I ran a little bit over, but not bad for a former Senator, though. I mean----    Ms. McSally. Very impressive, actually.    Mr. Talent. Thank you so much.    Ms. McSally. Thanks, Senator Talent.    The Chairman now recognizes Dr. Cairns for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Dr. Cairns.    The Chairman now recognizes Ms. Raphael for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Ms. Raphael.    The Chairman now recognizes myself for 5 minutes for questions.    I appreciate all the testimony and the expertise at the table here.    Senator Talent, I want to start with you. I mentioned in my opening statement about the threat coming, potentially, from ISIS and, you know, those that are inspired by ISIS. Obviously, we have foreign fighters that are flowing in and out of the area. We have home-grown, lone-wolf--but we had somebody testify saying they prefer to call them ``stray dogs'' instead of ``lone wolf'' in one of our previous hearings. But, also, obviously, the capability is right there in Iraq and Syria, the potentiality.    I learned in my military career, obviously, threat equals intent and capability. So you have to have those two together. I think we can all agree that extremist organizations out there certainly would want to have the intent if they could, so the issue related to the threat is the capability.    In order to have that capability, you must be able to isolate, weaponize, and then disperse the agent. So, of those three steps, which do you think is the biggest challenge or barrier for extremists out there, both organized and inspired, less organized, so that we can try and get a good sense of what we are dealing with in the threat?    Mr. Talent. My understanding of the science--and I will certainly invite Dr. Cairns and the deputy commissioner to weigh in here--is that probably, of the three, the weaponizing it would be the most difficult but, nevertheless, within the capability of a fairly wide range of professionals in life science. So, really, the issue is can they have a long enough period of sanctuary where they can plan, recruit, get the necessary lab facilities so that the experts that they have can isolate and weaponize.    That is one of the things that concerns me. Because we are seeing areas now--you mentioned Iraq, Syria, but Yemen--there are places in North Africa, which you are more well aware of than I, where they may have the necessary time and the necessary sanctuary to be able to develop this. So that is my concern.    You know, you said it at the beginning, and correct, it is a low-probability but very highly destructive event if it were to occur. The problem is, when you keep running risk and the risk continues to grow, even gradually, you know, eventually, the bullet is in the chamber, if you will. This is really what concerns me.    So I am concerned that the risk that they will be able to acquire it is growing because they are spreading, they are getting more sophisticated, and the logic of this, from their strategic point of view, is, I think, very strong.    Ms. McSally. Thank you. Yeah, no, I agree; the ungoverned spaces that are continuing to grow around the world provide that space for this kind of activity to happen. If we don't have partners in the region to be able to provide governance and oversight of those activities, that is where the threat can continue to grow, I think, so----    Mr. Talent. I don't want to take your 5 minutes----    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Mr. Talent . But whoever did----and we know who the FBI thinks sent the letter here, for example.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Mr. Talent. Well, if that had been put into the heating and air conditioning system instead of sent in a letter with a warning note----    Ms. McSally. Right.    Mr. Talent . I mean, the destruction would have been much, much greater, and the damage.    Ms. McSally. Thank you.    Dr. Cairns, in Ms. Raphael's testimony, she talked about the preparedness of New York City related to the Ebola crisis. We often talk about New York City as a potential target area, and we have talked about it even in the chemical threat. So it seems the preparedness and the efforts that you took are very admirable.    Do you see, Dr. Cairns, that type of preparedness around the country? I would think other cities, other smaller cities, you know, even Phoenix or Tucson, other places, would not have had that same capability or response. Have we spread the lessons learned from the Ebola event to other areas so that we can learn from their preparedness?    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    My time has expired. We might have time for a couple rounds of questions here, but I want to now recognize Ranking Member Payne for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. We should be able to come back to you, though.    The Chairman recognizes Mr. Walker from North Carolina.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    You guys up for a second round here of questions while we have our distinguished panel here?    So I believe in one of the testimonies or some of the background we talked about there is about maybe 15 different agents that potentially we think could be used for bioterrorism, but we really only have countermeasures available for about 2 or 3 of them.    What is the barrier for us to be able to have, you know, the countermeasures for the other 12? Is it a resource issue only? Is it a political will or a biological solution? I just want to get a sense of what are our barriers.    Because I agree with Senator Talent that we are talking about the threat today, but the one way to reduce the threat is to be prepared. One way to be prepared, obviously, is to have those countermeasures in place.    So, Dr. Cairns, what is the barrier to having countermeasures available for the rest of those so that the bad guys would have to go further down the list developing capabilities?    Ms. McSally. Great.    Senator Talent, do you have----    Mr. Talent. Yeah, I think part of the issue is, as I understand it, okay, NIH does a lot of the basic science. HHS is supposed to coordinate setting priorities and requirements, and then BARDA is supposed to actually develop the countermeasures. I think there has been a lack of, again, coordination in decision making about what are we going to focus on, you know, decisions about when animal testing is good enough--I don't want to get into the science of it.    Then BARDA has been underfunded. It is being funded at a fraction of what it needs. You know, I know we don't just throw dollars at a system that is not working otherwise, but I think we are going to have to do more in terms of funding there.    Since that is the one aspect of this that is the complete Federal responsibility, really--I mean, if you don't have the countermeasures, you can have all the rest of it done--it is like an army without bullets, I think I said in the testimony.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    In the fiscally-constrained environment that we are in, I am always going to be asking what is doable. Like, you know, as we talked in the back earlier, Senator Talent, like, what is the low-hanging fruit that is actually doable in this fiscal environment, in this divided Government, that we could maybe get some bipartisan agreement on and to address some things incrementally. I mean, we have a whole host of challenges, some of which have been brought up today, some we haven't even touched on.    But what do you think, Senator Talent, is actually doable in this environment, that this subcommittee could move through in a bipartisan way and get signed by this President, that isn't, you know, significant resources? We have to make that case, certainly, to our colleagues and others, but I also want to get something done and not have the perfect be the enemy of the good.    Mr. Talent. Well, I do think--and Mr. Payne mentioned this--fixing the authority situation. I am not sure how to go about it from an Executive branch point of view. I would support the legislation you all have sponsored. At the same time, it is not the best thing in the world in legislation to tell the President how he has to organize his own staff. But I support what you are doing because I think it is so urgent.    So, just as a practical matter, this might be an opportunity for the leadership or your Chair and Ranking Member to go talk to the chief of the staff, if you haven't done it, and just say, ``Hey, how come you haven't done this?''    I mean, the President is personally, obviously, aware of this. He has talked about it in his National security strategy. He has responded personally and taken a lot of initiative on cyber, for example. That is clearly something he is interested in. So I think sometimes it is just making somebody personally aware of it.    I would look at how you can empower all these tremendous assets we have out there--local health departments, first responders. They have such a tradition of partnership and mutual aid anyway. I would ask people like the deputy commissioner, are there issues relating to potential liability that has hampered you in New York, for example, in distribution? Are the big box retailers--I don't know how many you have in New York--but are they not--so I would look at some of the non-money things.    Then, in terms of what you are doing with the money, I would focus on two things: Offering funding to localities that come up with really good plans for distribution and managing surges; and fixing the stockpiling issue. That is going to take more money. I know it is hard, but--and it is going to take consistency, too. You know, it is hard when you are planning this and then one year it is here and the next year it is here. So speak to the appropriators and get them to be consistent in funding. Good luck with that, right?    Ms. McSally. Yeah, thanks. Thanks a lot. We will get right on that.    So it seemed to me also that just sharing information is important, that when we have best practices or lessons learned--in the military, we would call them lessons identified, because it seems like we constantly are identifying issues but we are not learning them--how do we share them across both, you know, the levels of Government and how do we share them across metropolitan areas?    That should not be very costly, just being able to share information.    Ms. Raphael or Dr. Cairns, do you have any comments on--it seems to me we could do that kind-of on the cheap, you know, just setting up procedures to collaborate and share information.    Ms. McSally. Dr. Cairns.    Ms. McSally. Great.    Senator Talent, final comments on that?    Mr. Talent. Just 30 seconds. We haven't mentioned remediation here with the last link in the chain. Anthrax is the classic one. That could be an area, also, where the Federal Government--we all could act pretty much as a Government.    I mean, I have often thought that this capacity ought to be resident maybe in DOD or the Reserves because they do so much anyway in terms of chem-bio, in terms of battlefield preparation. It is not fair to task all these localities to come up with their own remediation when you really only need, like, one team that can go in and do it.    I bet that could be done pretty inexpensively, too. I wouldn't just add it without any funding, but we need the ability to come in and clean up. You know how long it took them to clean up the Hart Building after Senator Daschle's office got--it took 6 months, I think, or longer.    So that is another area you could explore.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    You just reminded me--I know we are out of time here, but the use of the National Guard, is that a part of, Ms. Raphael, your planning for distribution?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thank you.    My time is very expired, so I will hand it over to Mr. Payne now.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Payne.    I thank all the witnesses here today and your testimony. This is the start of a discussion with this subcommittee. For sure, there is a lot more work to be done, and I think we will be probably following up with you, additional questions on individuals we can meet with or in our other role of oversight, in addition to hearings on legislation to address some of these issues.    So I really appreciate your testimony today and your expertise and what you are doing to address this threat.    Members of the subcommittee may have additional questions for you in writing, and so we will pass those on to you if they do. Pursuant to committee rule 7(e), the hearing record will be open for 10 days for those questions.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.