    Mr. Culbertson. Good morning, Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear today. I have submitted my full statement for the record, of course. And, in the interest of time, I will briefly describe for the committee how Orbital ATK is working to support the United States national security space systems and launch vehicle programs. As a global leader in aerospace and defense technologies, Orbital ATK designs, builds, and delivers affordable space, defense, and aviation-related systems to support our Nation's warfighters, as well as civil, government, and commercial customers in the U.S. and abroad.    Our company is the leading provider of small- and medium-class space launch vehicles for civil, military, and commercial missions, having conducted more than 80 launches of such vehicles for NASA , the U.S. Air Force, the Missile Defense Agency, and other government, commercial, and international customers in the last 25 years, including delivering approximately 4 tons of cargo to the International Space Station.    As the committee is aware, earlier this year, the U.S. Air Force announced its EELV Phase 2 development and launch services acquisition plan. One of the key components of this plan, beginning in fiscal year 2015, centers on the rocket propulsion or RPS prototype program. We believe the Air Force's acquisition plan for RPS is well conceived and, if supported by Congress, will be successful in providing new space launch capabilities that are affordable, reliable, and available by the end of this decade. As both a launch vehicle builder and a propulsion system supplier, Orbital ATK is prepared to support the Air Force's RPS prototype program. Orbital ATK has proposed both solid and liquid propulsion system developments that will support a new, all-American launch vehicle family that meets all the specified national security launch requirements, as well as civil, government, commercial, and international launch needs.    It is true that we are currently using the Russian engine on one of our launch systems. That is because it was the only one available to us at the time. We had to meet our commitment to the International Space Station and deliver cargo. Our new systems, however, will be developed in a public-private partnership with significant private investment. And we are confident that our alternatives will be ready to support first flights by early 2019. Orbital ATK is committed to supporting our Nation's assured access to space policy. Reliable, affordable, and capable space launch systems are critical to ensuring our country is prepared to maintain access to space.    Through the program outlined by the Air Force, we believe that U.S. industry is able and poised to respond to this need and will provide the best possible combinations of systems for the future of U.S. access to space. We appreciate the efforts of this committee and this Congress to correct the situation we find ourselves in propulsion development in this country.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, sir. We certainly are working towards that end.    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, sir. I am not sure I totally understood your question correctly. We are not proposing a replacement engine for Atlas. We are proposing a launch system that would meet the needs of the country in response to the Air Force----    Mr. Culbertson. I can't really comment on ULA's position on this. We do see a market out there, but it is still pretty slim in the classes we are discussing here. We actually are working with ULA to continue to supply cargo to the International Space Station. After we had the accident, they, SpaceX, and a couple other companies stepped forward and said: We can give you a ride.    And we have contracted with them on a commercial basis to do that. So we are sort of the beginning of their commercial market to continue to fly. But we also are continuing to develop our own systems to fly not only to the space station, but to fly national security missions.    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, sir.    Mr. Culbertson. It depends on the background of the engine and what it was originally designed for and the maturity of it at the time that you move forward with it.    The engine that we are using in the future generation of Antares launch vehicles, which we intend to start flying next year, was specifically designed as a replacement for the NK-33, which the AJ-26 was based on. So the arrangement of the thrust vector, the piping, if you will, for the fuel systems, the connections, the size of the engine, and the thrust levels were all very comparable to the NK-33 because it had been in development for almost 10 years now to replace that engine on a couple of different Russian rockets. So when we started talking to them over 3 years ago, they were pretty far along on that path already. We did a lot of analysis to make sure that it would, in fact, be compatible. And when we reached the point where we needed to move forward with another engine, it was the one that was most likely to succeed in our application and the one that was available to ensure we could continue to deliver cargo.    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, sir. If the government has invested a majority of the money, then they should, as the law allows, own the IP for it. But the companies also investing should own their IP that they develop to enable the systems.    Mr. Culbertson. Yes, sir. We do feel like, based on our experience in both the commercial and the government market, we understand the requirements of the Air Force and what they are looking for, and we do think it is focused on a system that could be developed in a public-private partnership that would give the government the most options for competition as well as success.    Mr. Culbertson. Not about methane, sir, but I would like to point out that there are other technologies involved here that involve propulsion systems, and they have been mentioned several times, and that is the solid rocket motors that contribute to our access to space, whether they are strap-ons or main stages.    That is a part of our heritage as a country and Orbital ATK is very much involved with that and working with several people here on the panel on making sure that that is a part of their systems. Any system going forward is going to have to have either newly developed or perfected solid rocket motors as a part of it, whether it is the main engine or additional propulsion or second stages. And I think that that needs to be a part of the discussion too, is how to maintain the lead that we have in this country in solid rocket motors and solid rocket propellants over the rest of the world to help with national defense, as well as our access to space for these big payloads.