    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, and thanks for staying. Usually I get done earlier, but it is kind of good that I was kind of last, because--going to follow up on a little bit of what my colleague from New York mentioned, and some other concerns. Thanks for being here. Testimony has been great. Mr. Davis, thank you, because you give me a little more comfort, having someone more local to the State. Because, you know, the basic debate the last couple years was to make sure our first line responders had a dedicated system by which we could communicate, and then bring on hopefully new technologies and devices, with how the world changes so quick.    Mr. Kennedy, you have been very articulate, and I think that has been helpful, but I get--always get concerned when we have--we use the terms Government business model, independent corporation. I am not sure I have seen the Federal Government be able to operate that without challenges. So, I don't want to be a fly in the ointment, but the--it really follows up on some of Mr. Collins' comments too, because it is not just--he is trying to get a picture of where we are going to be, but he also said, you know, for the local devices, we have got the--obviously the radio communications, but, of course, we are talking about broadband, and the issue of how do you get--eventually get to hardened commercial devices, which I don't know we talked much about. He did mention who is going to pay for this?    And so when we have a network with seven billion in capital to deploy, and be able to match the coverage, capacity, apps and functionality of the commercial network--commercial networks spend about $20 billion or more a year in upgrades. How are we going to do this? If we--if you only have seven, and the commercial side spends 20 yearly to keep up to date, aren't you a little concerned?    Mr. Shimkus. And that will be leased to other users?    Mr. Shimkus. Can you give me some comfort that in 10 years we don't have a--well, we will have a--maybe a somewhat vibrant LTE system, and the rest of the world has moved on?    Mr. Shimkus. Well, we want you to be successful. We wish you good luck, and we look forward to following this. Mr. Chairman--and I yield back.