    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to commend you, Mr. Secretary, for running the FHA program so well that you are able to reduce the premiums, help homeowners, and still be actuarially sound. If you were running the program poorly, taking bad risks, your actuarially calculated necessary premium would be much higher. It is my understanding that even at this reduced premium, you are still going to be making what, for want of a better word, is a profit, and building your reserves over 2015. Is that correct?    Mr. Sherman. And I point out that some have cited the statute and said, well, you are supposed to be at 2 percent. You are not at 2 percent. You are getting to 2 percent. And to think that you have to get to 2 percent immediately would--you could try to get there in a month by raising your premium to 28 percent instead of point whatever percent, and then nobody--you would kill the program. It is physically impossible for you to get to a 2 percent reserve immediately even though the statute, if you read it absolutely literally, would tell you that is what you should do, and so you are doing the only thing you can do, which is set a premium that generates a profit, and builds you toward a 2 percent reserve of the future. Is that correct?    Mr. Sherman. Good. My first home was a condo. Condos are often the first home for a lot of first-time home buyers. Yet, purchasing a condominium with FHA mortgage insurance is sometimes difficult due to requirements that FHA has in place. I understand that FHA is reforming these policies. I would like to know when the new rules will be out, and whether you are confident that they will make it easier for that first-time home buyer to buy a condominium.    Mr. Sherman. And I would also point out that as we build communities, because you are not just ``H,'' you are also ``UD,'' urban development, as we build communities, if we get people in the condos, that is more transit-friendly-type of development. It is less energy, less water, which is very important in not only your State, but particularly mine. And so it makes a lot of sense to allow people, particularly first-time home buyers, to buy condominiums.    Another thing that would make some sense is everything we can do to wean the world and the United States off of oil, and create energy efficiency. A number of my State is going to have its EV-ready standards for electric vehicles just to say to those who are building new homes, put the wiring there just in case. Just run the conduit so that they can recharge their vehicles. I believe it is Boulder, Colorado. Some other jurisdictions say, run some conduit up to the roof so that if they are going to put in solar panels--I wonder what you can do either by who FHA decides to grant insurance to or other policies in your Department, to have new homes spend the very small amount necessary just to have the wiring get to the roof and the garage.    Mr. Sherman. We look forward to working with you on that, but I am talking about just kind of what I would call light green lines. The whole home isn't green. It is just green-ready at a very low cost to have the--it is a lot easier to put the wiring in before you put the walls in, or before you complete the structure.    So I look forward to working with you on that, and I yield back.