    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee, as well as the witnesses today, especially Tom Woods. Woods Custom Homes is one of the most significant and successful builders in my area. And Tom Woods, of course, served as a mayor of Blue Springs probably 10 years before I served as mayor of Kansas City. And I am so pleased that he is here. And he knows, as well as people in the State of Missouri, as you have already indicated, Mr. Chairman, this is a significant issue with which we are dealing.    And this hearing is particularly appropriate. In the last few weeks, flooding from the Mississippi River has damaged homes and businesses in Missouri. Now, my congressional district was spared much of the damage to homes and businesses that hit the western and southwestern part of our State. Closer to home, I do often hear from farmers in my district who remain extremely concerned over flooding risks in their fields.    As we all know, the National Flood Insurance Program was created in 1968 through the passage of the National Flood Insurance Act in response to a limited number of available companies--private companies--which were interested in providing flood insurance.    The NFIP provides flood insurance to many property owners in designated areas as well as develops the flood insurance rate maps and promotes mitigation activities.    Since 1968, the act of NFIP has been amended many times, more recently through what we all affectionately call the Biggert-Waters Act of 2012, and the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014.    With the need for authorization around the corner, today we have the opportunity to fully discuss this issue, and more specifically, it gives us a chance to consider the importance of retaining flood insurance as well as how we can improve this program.    I am going to be the last person to ever say that the issues we deal with in Federal agencies are perfect. They are imperfect. The only thing perfect is the 11 consecutive games won by the Kansas City Chiefs.    I look forward, Mr. Chairman, to this hearing.    And now I will ask if the ranking member, Ms. Waters, would like the remainder of my time?    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And let me preface my questions to the panel by thanking you, again, for this hearing. There is a lot of criticism thrown at Congress for waiting till the last minute and so forth, and the fact that we are starting on this right after the New Year, giving us almost a year to do this, I think is commendable. So thank you very much.    I want to find out if any of you on the panel believe that Congress should completely eliminate the NFIP? Is there anyone?    Mr. Cleaver. I am glad. Because we tried that a couple of times, and it didn't work, which I understand. Most of the private carriers have suggested previously in hearings before us, not during this session of Congress, but previously, that the private insurers could not diversify their losses, and so it made it practically impossible. And if you pay $130 premiums, if you put all the premiums together, they are not sufficient to cover the cost of the damage of a flood.    So is there anything that you think we could do to further encourage private insurers to participate in this program? Anyone?    Mr. Ellis?    Mr. Cleaver. So how many of you would have thought or believe the revolving loan fund that actually at one time started was the right direction to go? There was a revolving loan fund up until, I think, maybe in the 1980s, sometime in the 1980s. And eventually the private sector was then--with FEMA, and they ended up in some kind of conflict and the both sides mutually agreed to discontinue the revolving loan fund.    Mr. Cleaver. What would you suggest, any of you, that this committee look at in terms of trying to put together the best piece of legislation we can when the renewal time is closer to us?    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you.    Mr. Woods mentioned the 500-year floods. I served as mayor for 8 years in Kansas City. We had two 500-year floods in 8 years.    And, also, let me just conclude, Mr. Chairman, by saying that I think the mapping is a critical issue which has to be resolved. Thank you.    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to direct this to Mr. Wood, but when we had the flood of 1993, one of the farmers famously said that to determine the 100-year flood mark, you put 99 white marbles in a jar, put in one blue marble, and shake it. And every time you pull the blue marble is the percentage of chances of having a 100-year flood. But you keep putting it back every time and shaking it again, so there is some unpredictability no matter what we do, but I think we ought to be intelligent about it.    Most people who are not familiar with Kansas City probably can't understand this, that in 1977 in the Country Club Plaza, the world's first shopping center, 25 people drowned in the middle of Kansas City, Missouri. I am not sure--I think we have fixed that with Brush Creek, as you know this, Mr. Wood. But I am pointing out, I think, to the best of our ability to also follow up with Mr. Royce, we have to use the highest level of technology possible and do this remapping.    But I am also concerned, and I would like to ask you, Mr. Wood, we have incurred a lot of debt. The NFIP has incurred a lot of debt over the past few years with all of the recent events. And then the opponents are always saying that the reason that the debt is so high is because of the subsidized policies in these exotic areas, these environmentally sensitive areas. Do you think that we ought to deal with trying to force people out of environmentally sensitive areas, the exotic places, building the house at the foot of a hill where you have annual mudslides, or do you think that we ought to just realize that is the way things are and try to build that into whatever program we put together?    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you.