    Mr. Hiebert. Yes.    Mr. Hiebert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I was asked to speak about Thailand. Obviously, Thai democracy took a big hit on May 22, 2014, when the military ousted Prime Minister Yingluck following 6 months of protests. Hence, the National Council for Peace and Order, as the new government was called, moved quickly to prohibit political activities, censor the media, try dissidents in military courts, et cetera.    Analysts basically think Thailand, especially the Thai elite, view themselves as going through a historical political transition that has existential stakes for Thailand. The military, analysts say, has assumed military control to ensure that it manages the royal succession when that takes place down the road. And these people also say that it is unlikely we are going to see real elections in Thailand until there is this succession.    So when the military took over, it replaced civilian courts with military courts. It ordered newspapers to stop writing articles critical of the military. Satellite, television, and radio stations were shut. And access to many Web sites were blocked, as were meetings of more than 500 people--excuse, more than 5 people. On May 22, when they commemorated the first anniversary of the coup, officials arrested over 40 activists in various parts of the country for staging peaceful rallies to mark the military takeover.    The military has come out with a draft constitution, which is now being circulated. I think most Democrats would say that it falls far short of what observers would consider minimally credible for democracy. And the military also keeps pushing back the date for new elections. Elections that had been scheduled for early 2016 are now said to be delayed at least until August or September.    The other thing which was alluded to previously was the whole issue of human trafficking, human smuggling. I know it is not directly a democracy issue, but it is critically a human rights issue. The Thai military, after being put on the Tier III list last year, has started an investigation. They have arrested some people. They found bodies in makeshift camps along the Thai-Malaysia border. And this is obviously a situation that has been going on for years and an issue that will need to be addressed.    Thailand is a country that has had very long relations with the United States, dating back to 1833. It is a key country in Southeast Asia, ASEAN, it is very central. The U.S. And Thailand cooperate in so many areas. Thailand has the biggest U.S. Embassy in the region. The U.S. does much of its regional activity from Thailand.    So you have to try and think of a country that had democracy quite a bit of the time over the last four decades, you know, whether we can criticize the democracy, but it is at least an attempt, and then it has been interrupted by military coups. So trying to think about how the U.S. can respond and try to engage the Thais when they are in the midst of what they see as a very difficult transition that goes far beyond democracy and a military coup is to try assign a high-level Thai envoy. This would be somebody who would represent the administration but would travel frequently to Thailand to consult with them, to keep them, not to say we concur and agree with everything but that we are trying to deepen our understanding of your concerns and listen to the perspectives of Thailand's key players.    The other thing we absolutely have to keep doing is continue pressing the military to rescind the orders restricting freedom of expression and freedom of assembly and those kind of issues, and also revoke the Penal Code article 112 on lese majeste.    And then the other one, which I already alluded to, is really the military has to put an end to human trafficking, establish an independent investigation, release the results, and bring justice to those perpetrating these abuses.    And then in trying to find ways to support the democratic principles of governance, one of the ideas that we have talked about in my office is whether it would be useful to try to put together a private eminent persons group of senior former officials, maybe private sector people, very prominent people who could talk to the Thais. They would talk to prominent Thais not in the military right now, about 5 years down the road, what they would like to see U.S.-Thailand relations look like. Thank you.