    Mr. RICE. I want to ask each of you this. Where we do not have a trade agreement at all, would each of you agree that we face more barriers on exports than we place on imports?    Mr. Brightbill?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Stanek?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Messinger?    Mr. RICE. Mr. Bieron?    Mr. RICE. Probably a lot because, as you said earlier, it is flying under the radar screen and the government has not stuck their hands into it yet; right?    So what you are saying is that we are less competitive in the world when we do not have trade agreements. Would you agree with that?    I know that Volkswagen, in the past five years or so, was looking to locate a facility in South Carolina where I am from, was on the list, and they ended up going to Mexico because we did not have a trade agreement. Arcelor Mittal in my district, a steel company in Georgetown, South Carolina, just announced they are closing in four months. They will lose about 300 jobs. And they cited as the primary reason unfair trade from China on steel. So I do think trade agreements are really important. I do not think they are a panacea. I do not think they solve all the problems. I do not think you can. There are too many ways in my opinion.    Mr. Brightbill, could you define for me, what is currency manipulation?    Mr. RICE. I would ask the rest of you guys, Mr. Stanek, what do you think is currency manipulation?    Mr. RICE. I would ask the rest of you all this question but it is really probably not in your area of expertise.    Mr. Brightbill, how do you manipulate currency?    Mr. RICE. And I am going to ask you just very obvious questions, but so if a country, let us say, manipulates its interest rates to artificially low levels, does that have an effect on the value of its currency?    Mr. RICE. I mean, there could be cogent arguments that the United States is manipulating its currency; right?    Mr. RICE. I am just asking if there is an argument.    Mr. RICE. And I understand that. I am not trying to be overly argumentative, but I think China might disagree with you on that.    Now, with respect to prolonged deficit spending, does that have an effect on currency valuation?    Mr. RICE. And I agree with you. The point I am trying to make is that there are myriad ways to, I mean, from tax policy to income tax policy to government regulation to things that you would not consider as currency manipulation, to manipulate currency. And I do not know. The trade agreement is just going to be a framework, and we have to do the best we can to set up enforceable mechanisms. But we, honestly, I do not believe, can sit here and foresee all the potential ways that a country could manipulate trade, and we have to do the best we can with our framework to make us more competitive, because everybody sitting here in this panel, and I think everybody sitting here on this panel agree that where we are without a trade agreement is a bad place. I mean, we all know we are making ourselves less competitive by not doing what we can to strike down these barriers to our exports.    And my time is over. Thank you very much.