    Mr. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I appreciate all of you being here with us today. As we are talking about Puerto Rico, I just want to reiterate the way in which it makes it back to our districts.    The economic viability and success of Puerto Rico is an issue that is really important to many of my constituents in my district in Massachusetts. One in five of my constituents identify as Hispanic or Latino, and 40 percent of them are from Puerto Rico. So many of them have friends and family who still live there. They have seen firsthand the devastating effects that the 10-year recession and debt crisis have had on the island, and they are watching carefully as we work to address it. They are well aware of what the 3.5 million American citizens are struggling with.    Puerto Rico's electricity prices are higher than any state in the country. The unemployment rate is 12.2 percent, more than double that across the United States, and its poverty rate is a staggering 45 percent. And we are hearing today about the alarming decline in some essential services.    We, in Congress, have a responsibility to address the crisis facing Puerto Rico, and I think the discussion draft and the bipartisan effort behind it is a step toward that goal. All stakeholders stand to lose in the face of the continued deterioration on the island is its economic and financial condition.    I appreciate the debate we are having about the different elements of the legislation, but as the Ranking Member of the Federal Lands Subcommittee, a committee that is tasked with the protection of our shared historical, cultural, and national heritage, I just want to express my deep concern about the bill's provision to transfer public land at the Vieques National Wildlife Refuge. This refuge is one of the crown jewels of our National Wildlife Refuge System, and the transfer language is an unnecessary addition that will do absolutely nothing to address the fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico.    With that, I would like to yield the balance of my time to Mr. Pierluisi.