    Mr. DAVENPORT. Thank you. Chairman, I thank you for holding today's hearing on how the IRS could help small businesses. Twenty-eight million small businesses in America are a cornerstone to our economy. Small businesses account for over half of all U.S. sales and 55 percent of all jobs, and they pay significant amounts of income, employment, and excise taxes into the U.S. Treasury.    Helping small businesses easily file and pay their taxes is a critical mission of the IRS Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee, ETAAC. ETAAC was formed by law in 1998 to make strategic recommendations to Congress on how to improve tax administration and better serve taxpayers, including small business taxpayers through electronic means. In short, we are objective, digital, strategy consultants to the IRS.    The Committee believes that modernizing the IRS taxpayer service communication platform is an urgent and strategic priority for the IRS. In the 2015 tax season, the IRS was in its fourth consecutive year of budget reductions and IRS service levels plummeted. IRS answered only 38 percent of its calls from taxpayers. IRS has been unable to modernize its tax service platform to move away from traditional paper and phone interactions. A current phone and paper taxpayer service platform is also not the preferred choice of the IRS or the many taxpayers who expect secure online services.    Along with this issue is a lack of transparency with the IRS. For most taxpayers, the information the IRS has about them is a complete mystery. It is not easy for taxpayers to access and understand their tax information on file with the IRS, their previous tax-related interactions, or their tax compliance obligations.    For small business taxpayers, this issue is even more critical because small businesses are more likely to complete multiple year-round transactions with the IRS. In many cases, when there is a compliance issue, small business taxpayers find out through a surprising IRS notice after they file, or even more stressful, an audit that can take months or years to resolve. For all types of taxpayers, accessing and using their information to proactively comply is almost entirely out of the question in our current system.    The Committee believes that a key solution to these problems is a more digitally-enabled, modernized IRS that better equips taxpayers with information on how they can proactively comply, rather than solely focusing on detecting and enforcing compliance.    In the past 3 years, ETAAC has provided recommendations based on a simple vision of how the IRS could serve taxpayers. The vision allows taxpayers to fully understand their tax obligations, to have transparent access to their tax information status with the IRS, and effectively and securely interact with their tax administrator on the way they want to be served, in the way they want to be served.    The end state is a tax system that is less burdensome. It is a tax system that relies less on reactive measures, such as audits, and more on preventative and educational measures for taxpayers to remain proactively compliant. There are two challenges the IRS faces in achieving this vision.    First, the current tax system is designed to be reactive. It does not leverage tax information to help taxpayers meet their obligations.    Second, the IRS cannot quickly develop and implement its digital roadmap, including online accounts to address the needs of preferences of taxpayers. Our last two reports to Congress explain this dilemma and provide recommendations to overcome these challenges. In our 2015 report to Congress, we recommended that the IRS accelerate its digital taxpayer service strategy; that is, develop and implement secure online accounts for all business and individual taxpayers. We know that businesses are much more likely to use a tax professional for tax filing compliance needs. Online accounts for these tax professionals should be a priority. ETAAC advocates for the IRS to commit to quickly developing online accounts for business taxpayers and the tax professionals who serve them, and we encourage the Committee to do the same.    In our most recent 2016 report, which actually comes out today, ETAAC addresses the lookback tax system that centers on post-filing programs that detect current noncompliance. We challenge Congress and the IRS to move to a system that verifies taxpayer identities and tax return information before accepting the return.    A system that uses information statements, such as forms 1099 and W-2 to verify taxpayer tax return information is essential to fighting fraud and reducing the taxpayer burden. The IRS should support taxpayers in filing accurate returns, giving them full electronic access to their tax account information at the time of filing. This proactive system would verify accuracy upfront and reduce audits, particularly those on small businesses.    ETAAC is pleased with the IRS's first steps in its digital service plans. IRS released an initial draft of the Future State Initiative in January of this year that specifically incorporated ETAAC recommendations from the past 3 years. The initiative specifically contemplates small business taxpayers and their needs. ETAAC endorses this digital service component of the Future State plans, and we clearly identified the urgent need for small businesses. The IRS needs to accelerate online accounts for businesses and tax professionals.    On behalf of the entire ETAAC, I thank you for inviting us to testify on this important topic.    Mr. DAVENPORT. I do not know if I can speak to the volume of the audits and their current status. I think that they would be increased. You would have more efficiency in the system if you allowed the small businesses to transparently see information that is on file. If the IRS presented to you an electronic account or a format, that they could say this is what we have for you. These are the kinds of things we are going to be talking about.    As was previously mentioned, they could track the audit process, the paperwork through the entire cycle of the audit. Their interactions are, as I mentioned, largely unaccountable for, so you can change hands of the audit process several times. You can speak with people on one issue or event in the IRS and then speak with another person in another department. They do not have a way to be able to speak knowledgeably about all the information held in one place at one time, and I think it would improve dramatically.    Mr. DAVENPORT. I think it would require several lengthy responses back and forth. I think putting all the information we have into the same place and having an important and dynamic conversation about the information that we have at the same time would be fair and transparent for both the filer and the service.    Mr. DAVENPORT. In my mind there are a few things that would have to change. There are some regulations in place now to bring in information returns in earlier, much earlier. Information now from the 1099s and the W-2 passes through Social Security and then gets to the IRS sometime around the summer or late summer. If information was to arrive earlier and it would be usable by the IRS, searchable and cross-matched, we could better identify information that was included on those information statements, like W-2s and 1099s, and use it to verify, authenticate the individual.    I think there is some movement in the spending bill this year, the IRS will start issuing refundable credits on February 17th this year. This has some negative impacts for the system, but if you move back the date the refunds come out and you move up the date information comes in, you have a better chance of matching that information, and then knowing who the individual is and if they are getting the right number.    This is not to stop me stealing his information at a coffee shop; this is to stop the 500,000 returns and refunds that are issued improperly to people who do not exist. They are phantom corporations that have filed for millions of people.    Mr. DAVENPORT. Security is an evolving thing. Even 3, 4 years ago, we thought security questions were lightyears ahead of where we are. Now you can find that stuff on Ancestry.com and this is a pretty common thing that we think the status of evolving authentication, for me knowing who an individual is, the computer must be smarter than we are and those are powered by people and people have to make the decisions, and cybersecurity is a big deal. Right? So if we can improve that, if we can know who they are and if we can master information, we will have a better chance of making those payments correctly.    The thing is now I can choose to interact with the IRS on the schedule I want. I can come in and out of the system at any point. I can file and not file next year and no one will know the better. We will know later, years later, but if we were to create an online system that I could match my information the employer sent me. I am a small business owner, if I got 1099s in the mail, as did the IRS, and if I could actually see what was there, what they had, what I had, in a prefiling season I could know my compliance was going to be right and I was going to file the right return. I could submit my return through an online account. They would send me a note, we received your return today. Thank you very much. We are going to drop your refund in your account today. Is that okay? Well, if it was not me or that was not my return I would say no and we would stop immediately.    I think there are some security concerns around how to do it, but does it need to be done? It absolutely has to be done.    Mr. DAVENPORT. You hit on a multiyear problem and I think this has come out of ERSAC before as well, but it is the way the form line 40-ES, the employment form for small businesses, it is a form that is filed quarterly and their employment taxes paid. It is administratively much easier to go to the form, print the form itself, sign it, and then scan it back than it is to create an electronic account to do this. It is a simple fix, but, you know, if we talk about the 80 percent goal to get electronic filing above 80 percent, which is going to charter ETAAC in 1998, we are close in most categories: individual filings, 87 percent of individual taxpayers; businesses are below 80 percent, just below 80 percent, because the 94X series, which there are 20-something million of these forms that come in every year, only about 37 percent of them come in electronically. It is something that the IRS has formed a working group on, they did that when I was in my first year in ETAAC. They formed a working group in e-services. They will make recommendations, and they expect to implement those recommendations in fiscal year 2018. And so you can see the arc for change is not as agile as you would expect in the private sector, but I do think that we are going to see some changes in that soon because it is honestly just an easier thing to do than not to do.    Mr. DAVENPORT. I think one of the things they are dealing with is that an individual must authenticate for a business, on behalf of a business, and as a Schedule C filer. There are millions of Schedule C filers, it is no problem for me to authenticate myself with my own social, but to do so on behalf of a business, you have to share your own personal identity on behalf of a business as a business owner, and sometimes as businesses grow, that information then has to pass to internal accounting services or external folks.    Again, it may just be an administrative thing that can change, that we can fix the system and make it easier, but I think they have to think about authentication as a whole strategy. That is just kind of wound up in it. I would probably defer to Mr. Harris, he may have strategies.