    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, good afternoon, everyone. I want to welcome you all to the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity's hearing today entitled A Review of Higher Education Opportunities for the Newest Generation of Veterans.    VA's education and training programs have been credited with successfully transitioning and readjusting returning servicemembers for generations. And it has been reported that the post-World War II GI Bill educated ten million returning veterans, among them 14 Nobel Prize and 24 Pulitzer Prize winners, three presidents, a dozen senators, and three Supreme Court justices.    As an Iraq War veteran myself, I hope and expect that our current generation of veterans will match or exceed those numbers. And the best way to ensure the new greatest generation flourishes is to make sure that the almost $15 billion a year we spend on Post-9/11 GI Bill benefits is protected for future generations to come.    I would like to outline a few ways I think we can protect the GI Bill. First, we need to ensure that claims for benefits are processed accurately and efficiently. Students can't successfully complete a degree program if red tape and unnecessary delays impact payment of tuition, fees, and living stipends.    I was encouraged to learn that the VA already processes a good amount of education claims without the need of any human intervention and they do that with great accuracy. However, I am concerned that once again the President's budget did not request additional funds to finish the job and automate the processing of original claims as well. We must make some investments in this system to ensure benefits are delivered in a timely fashion.    Secondly, it has become clear to me and most in the veteran community that there simply have not been enough metrics to track the return on investment through student success. I am encouraged by the collaboration between VA and advocacy groups to promote the Million Records Project that, for the first time, tracks student success.    I look forward to hearing more today about the newest iteration of this project and other ways to track student outcomes.    The final way to protect the GI Bill is to require additional transparency on outcomes for students in schools. In that vein, I am also looking forward to hearing our witnesses' views on VA's Comparison Tool and Complaint System. I know that VA has completed these congressionally mandated tools on a shoestring budget and I am interested to hear more about their future plans for these programs.    As has been said before, in the end, it is up to the student to make the right choice and use their hard-earned benefits wisely. It is our job to ensure that they have the tools that they need to be successful and to make the right decisions, to help both themselves and their families.    I want to take a moment of personal privilege and welcome Mr. Terence Harrison from the University of Cincinnati. The University of Cincinnati has taken a lead role in providing the best services and benefits to student veterans and I want to personally thank Terence Harrison for being here today with us to talk about their success.    I would also like to take a minute to just mention that I joined the Army Reserves in 1998 and when I did, there was a young sergeant there who helped indoctrinate me to the military. This is someone who I gained great respect for and he was respected by all the members of our unit, a young man of great character and leadership. And I am not surprised that he sits here today.    So welcome, Mr. Harrison, and we look forward to hearing from you.    The Ranking Member is now here and if he is ready, I can recognize him for his opening remarks.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you. Mr. Takano.    Dr. Wenstrup. You are fine. Thank you.    I thank the ranking member and now welcome our first panel to the witness table. And today we welcome Mr. Terence Harrison with the University of Cincinnati; Mr. Ray Kelley with the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States; Mr. Christopher Neiweem with Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America; Mr. Marc Barker with the National Association of Veterans' Program Administrators; and, finally, we have Mr. William Withrow with the Peralta Community College District in California.    Mr. Harrison, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Harrison.    Mr. Kelley, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Mr. Kelley.    Mr. Neiweem, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Mr. Neiweem.    Mr. Barker, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Mr. Barker.    Now, Mr. Withrow, you are recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. I will now yield myself five minutes for questions.    First, I do want to say that I want to thank you very much for your input, for your advice, and for your sharing of ideas here today. I think it is very helpful as we move forward and try to make things as best we can.    In that note, Mr. Harrison, can you tell me a little bit more about the tri-state vets education group and the benefit of sharing some of your best practices amongst other schools in the area?    Dr. Wenstrup. Do you have a common number for the whole group that someone can call or is that through whichever institution they happen to engage first?    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    I would like to ask a similar question, thereto, to you, Mr. Withrow. Is your college engaged in a situation like that or have you thought about that?    Dr. Wenstrup. And I know that is a concern in many communities, especially some of the smaller communities, in my own district, where the community colleges have people in the area who have benefits and aren't taking advantage of them.    Along the lines of best practices, I am curious, Mr. Harrison, you mentioned that the University of Cincinnati has psychological services that are free of charge, can you tell me more about that and what kind of feedback you are getting, especially when you consider some of the issues that veterans face when they get out of the military.    Dr. Wenstrup. And are they taking advantage of that?    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you very much.    I know recognize the ranking member for any questions that he may have.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Mr. Costello, you are recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Rice, you are recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Radewagen, you are recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Titus, you are recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you. I want to thank you all for being here today, not only for the information that you brought, but the information that you shared with us in responding to our questions. Your dedication to our veterans, of course, is greatly appreciated.    We will excuse this panel at this time. We have been called to vote, so for the second panel, General Worley, we will come back in probably about 35 minutes or so, and resume. Again I want to thank you all for being here today with us.    I now invite our second and final panel to the witness table. Joining us Major General Robert Worley, director of VA's education service. I want to thank you for being with us today, I really do. And for many years of service in uniform in the Air Force. And I look forward to hearing from you. You are now recognized for five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you very much, General. At this time, I yield myself five minutes for questions. We talked--you spoke today about compliance with in-state tuition and that provision of the Choice Act. And as I understand, there are four states, I believe, that are in compliance at this time?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. And you have received some notices from the majority of other states that they intend to comply by July 1st. Any idea what that number is, how many say they think they will have it done by then?    Dr. Wenstrup. Now, I am just wondering, as are other people, about the notion that there may be a waiver out there. Are they dragging their feet or are they trying to go full steam ahead to get this done by what is in law, or are they just kind of banking on a waiver? I do not expect--I am not asking you----    Dr. Wenstrup . To try to read their mind a little bit. I understand that. What is your gut feeling on some of that?    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, that was going to be my next question, where are we, really, with that in the potential----    Dr. Wenstrup . For a waiver? In the four states that were able to get it done, why were they able to get it done? I mean, is there something about that state and the system that they had in place already that made it simple for them, or did they just get on it?    Dr. Wenstrup. Are you saying then, that Texas already had legislation in their state that allowed for in-state tuition for any veteran? Did they do that on their own, in the state?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay.    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. I can see where----    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. Thank you. Mr. Takano, you now have five minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Want to do another round?    Dr. Wenstrup. General, with the GI Bill Comparison Tool, do you think it is making it easier for Veterans to choose a school? Is it being effective? What kind of feedback are you getting on that?    Dr. Wenstrup. Is it helping them from the standpoint that, you know, they may be looking at originally 20 schools, but now they go here and now they are down to three, so they do not go visit 20 schools? I mean, I am just trying to think how they are using it effectively, because, you know, I do not think most people when they are making that step for a college that they just choose online, per se.    Dr. Wenstrup. That there is a visit involved, and so what are they gaining the most, do you think?    Dr. Wenstrup. So on there, I just have witnessed it briefly, does it list whether a school is in compliance with the in-state tuition requirement?    Dr. Wenstrup. And it might be motivating to the schools if it is on there or not.    Dr. Wenstrup. Also, I am just curious if the VA does not grant a state or school, what steps are taken to inform students that their school did not comply? What steps do you think you are going to need to take?    Dr. Wenstrup. Yes, it sounds like if there is no waivers, the schools in Texas and the three other states can start building some new dorms, because they will be the ones that are getting all the students. But I appreciate that and thank you for answering my questions, and I yield to Mr. Takano.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, if there are no further questions, I want to thank everyone here today for taking time to come and share your views on improving education opportunities for our veterans. I now ask unanimous consent that the statements from The American Legion, Veterans Education Success, School Advocates for Veterans Education and Success, and the RAND Corporation be submitted for the record. Hearing no objections, so ordered.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that all members have five legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. Without objections, so ordered. The hearing is now adjourned.