    Ms. Jackson Lee. First, let me offer my appreciation to my Chairman and Ranking Member for your presence here today, Vice Admiral, and let me thank you for your service. It is interesting that I followed my good friend Mr. Rogers, because as he chaired, I think we have switched back and forth. I had the privilege of chairing the Transportation Security Committee, and service--and I think I have served as his Ranking when he was Chair, and we are, if you will, young but we have been here for a little bit.    So we are really grateful for you service, and again, that of my Chair and Ranking Member of the full committee.    Let me, as I thank you for service, let me take a different twist and say to you that I am very proud of the men and women who serve every day on the front lines in many ways, but in particular today of transportation security officers.    Over the years, I have argued for increased professional development training, to recognize that morale and commitment have a lot to do with pay, respect, and professional development training, and I am gonna be posing questions within the short period of time that I have.    Let me also acknowledge to my colleagues, again, my sympathy to the Hernandez family for Mr. Gerardo Hernandez killed in the line of duty as a Transportation Security Officer in Los Angeles. Some of us went out to Los Angeles to acknowledge that as well as meeting with his family.    We should never dismiss the fact, in all of the issues that you will have to deal with, is that since 9/11, there are probably millions of TSA screenings, TSO screenings, and any number of stops that the TSO Officers made--and I hope you acknowledge that, because beginning to correct starts with acknowledging service, and I think it is very important to do so.    Let me also say, however, that in addition to that, we have allegations of mismanagement, wasteful procedures, retaliation against whistle blowers, low morale, security gaps. We have a number of things that you will have to address, but I never want to leave this table without saying thank you to the TSO Officers.    I make it my business, as I travel in airports across America, to say hello, to ask a question, or to watch their procedures, and again if I might, professional development training is crucial.    So let me just ask you a series of questions that I hope I will be able to get in. One, I think you can do better if we all get rid of sequestration. I want to get that on the record because you need the money placed in the right places.    I agree with the use of privatization on the basis of--let me correct that for being misquoted. I believe there is a place for the private sector in particular dealing with technology. I might have misheard you when you said something about a third TSA and it was the private sector. So I hope that is not right.    I am against privatizing airports and privatizing TSO Officers. I think we need a professional, trained group. I want your comments as it relates to professional, trained groups.    But on the BDO, there is $700 million being spent on that. I would be interested in you being able to craft an effective utilization of these individuals or this project with a more effective use of the resources that you are given on that, also     I want to take note of the fact that a young man in Dallas was so in love with his girlfriend just recently ran past security. I would like your comment on that. We shut down the Newark Airport a couple of years ago with another enamored young man who went through security.    Then I would like to have your comment that TSOs are the most visible face of security in America. How do we make people run toward, meaning the good people, and say I am so happy, as most people do, about these issues?    If I might yield to you for these answers. Again, I hope I can join Mr. Rogers and others for that SCIF briefing. I would be happy to do so.    If you could just comment on those, I would greatly appreciate it.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you for your courtesy.    May I put this in the record, please, Mr. Chairman?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. ``Undercover DHS test finds security failures at U.S. airports.'' I would just like to put this in the record so we can discuss it further. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Ask unanimous consent. Thank you.