    Mr. Sena. Thank you.    Mr. Sena. Chairman Donovan, Ranking Member Payne, and Members of the subcommittee, I would like to thank you very much for inviting me to speak on behalf of the National Fusion Center Association. FBI Director Comey testified last month that there were more than 1,000 active home-grown violent extremism investigations across the United States. In light of that, the President's fiscal year 2017 budget request for FEMA preparedness grants left us scratching our heads. I want to share some of the reasons why the proposal doesn't make sense.    Last month, more than 100 million Americans watched Super Bowl 50. The game was played in Santa Clara, which falls in my fusion center's area of responsibility. With the Santa Clara Police Department in the lead, our fusion center played a central role, coordinating with all public safety partners in protecting the Bay Area Super Bowl venues. Thousands of law enforcement, fire, EMS, critical infrastructure security, and private-sector personnel from all surrounding jurisdictions and at all levels of government had access to interoperable video, voice, and data capabilities in one communications platform. We all were looking at the same common operating picture, with suspicious activity reports, positive license plate reader hits, and threats popping up in real time for analysis and response.    Our fusion center was able to give the National Operations Center at DHS headquarters here in the District of Columbia the exact same view throughout the event to ensure real-time situational awareness. Most of this capacity was built with UASI and SHSGP grant funds provided through our Governor's Office of Emergency Services, led by Mark Ghilarducci.    The Wisconsin State-wide Information Center has trained thousands of fusion liaison officers, also called terrorism liaison officers, across the State in how to recognize and report suspicious activity. Privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties considerations are a centerpiece of the training, and the result has been the establishment of a trusted information-sharing network across the State. That same model has been built at fusion centers across the country.    After the attacks in Paris, in my home town of San Bernardino, suspicious activity reporting through the fusion liaison network skyrocketed in Wisconsin and across the Nation. Analysts at fusion centers have been able to quickly receive those reports, vet them, and share information with the appropriate partners, including the FBI. They are connecting crucial data residing in State and local law enforcement databases to the Terrorist Screening Center encounters. That data would otherwise be out of reach for the FBI. It is now routinely shared quickly through fusion centers.    Those capabilities in Wisconsin and across the country were built on and are sustained through, today, the SHSGP and UASI funds. At the Boston Regional Intelligence Center, or the BRIC, 9 positive investigative leads were generated over the past year through analysis of publicly-posted social media. Three of these leads resulted in FBI full field investigations. Two of the leads, 1 to the FBI and 1 to the Rhode Island fusion center, proved to be critical in investigation of ISIL-inspired terrorists, leading to indictments by the U.S. Attorney's Office. Nearly all of the BRIC's counterterrorism analytical capabilities, which generate critical intelligence in these cases, are supported by UASI funds.    Immediately after the San Bernardino terrorist attack, analysts at the Joint Regional Intelligence Center, or JRIC, were developing intelligence on suspects and sharing it directly with the San Bernardino Police Department, sheriff's office, and the FBI. An alert sheriff's deputy, who had recently received training through the JRIC, called the fusion center to report that an individual matching the description of the person wanted in connection with providing weapons to the shooters was about to check out of a local area hospital. The fusion center immediately passed the information to the task force that was about to launch a manhunt for the individual, enabling them to call it off before it even started. Much of that capacity of the JRIC, used every day in support of criminal and terrorism investigations, was built and sustained by UASI and SHSGP funding.    To be blunt, Mr. Chairman, any reduction in these grants, let alone hollowing them out with a 50 percent cut, would be a devastating blow to the capability built in this country for threat detention, prevention, intelligence analysis, and information sharing. It would be a repudiation of the reality that everyone in public safety knows, that the State and local data, intelligence and community relationships, are the cornerstone of homeland security. Federal agencies, including the FBI, are asking fusion centers for more information and more partnerships and expect more capability all the time to support their missions at the Federal level, including terrorism.    Given all this, we have a hard time understanding why these cuts were proposed. The examples above are just a few of thousands of instances where my colleagues across the fusion center network are doing difficult but critically important work on behalf of the Federal taxpayers.    This committee has advanced some important legislation over the past year that would strengthen fusion center partnerships and capabilities. We hope that the Senate acts on those bills soon. But I can tell you for sure that if the SHSGP and UASI programs are cut, the objectives of those bills would be impossible to achieve. Congress should reject the budget request.    Mr. Chairman, now is the time to shore up those capabilities we've built, not to tear them down. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Sena. I am sorry, Chief Turner. I am sorry.    Mr. Sena. Sir, since September 11, we have built the capacity across the country that we have never had before in information sharing and fusion centers, data collection. All this capacity relies on grant funding to be effective. Although the State and local agencies that support and own fusion centers have given over half the money that goes toward fusion centers, we still need that support. It seems like every day we get farther away from September 11, I feel like they want to bring us back to September 10. There are too many lives that have been lost. We can't go there. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Sena. Sir, CVE is a big core of what fusion centers do, and what we are built to do is to identify those threats. We haven't been consulted on this project or this grant proposal for a program. It is one of those things that we don't want to see the current situation where the grants we are looking at are being cut for a new program that we know nothing about. We know what we are doing here as far as that coordination and effort. We need to expand that and we need more resources to do it. But I am in great fear that they will be taking money from one side to fund another side that we know nothing about.    Mr. Sena. Yes, sir. Every year we train hundreds of thousands of officers across the country on suspicious behaviors, the things to look for. If we lost this funding, that training wouldn't exist. We would not have the eyes and ears of State and local law enforcement to support us in gathering that information, nor would we have the training on privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties protections for the folks on what they can legally collect. All that would be gone.    Mr. Sena. Sir, I did read the report and was as dumbfounded as the budget. You know, this budget proposal doesn't make any sense to us, and neither did the report. Very ill-informed. It did not have the details in that report that show what fusion centers really are. They are State and locally-owned and -operated. As Chief Kerr reported, you know, it is more than just law enforcement.    We have lots of folks that work with fusion centers. We bring those people together, and we look at a broad range of threats to our communities, everything from narcotics trafficking to threats in the community, from criminal gangs and organized crime groups. We don't know, and my experience has been where are we going to find that CVE threat? Where are we going to find the terrorist threats? Oftentimes I have found them through regular criminal activity, or through sources of information from criminal activity. That is the role of fusion centers, to bring all those pieces together.    There is no way that State and local law enforcement, anyone sitting on this panel is going to say, you know, our partners in the FBI should take over this mission. Even our partners in the FBI don't believe they should take over this mission. This is a State and local mission where we leverage all of our authorities, and we also bring our Federal partners along to work with us in our fusion centers. We do a great job, and it is through collaboration. It is not just focused on terrorism. Although it is a key cornerstone of what we do, we look at all the threats to our local community, and we serve every member, fire, emergency medical personnel, emergency management, and the law enforcement community.    Mr. Sena. From my perspective, voice, video, and data, textual data, are critical to saving lives. Without these grants, the equipment that we currently have in use would no longer be able to be maintained and we would lose that capability. So it is something that for me, during the Super Bowl, was an incredible asset to be able to share information, both the voice capability and actually video and textual, show them in real time, not only showed people in our region what was going on, but showed people in District of Columbia what was happening in real time. That would be gone.