    Dr. Arvizu. Thank you.    Full Committee Chair, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, Subcommittee Chairwoman Comstock, and Ranking Member Lipinski, and Members of the Subcommittee, I appreciate this opportunity to speak with you today in support of the National Science Foundation's fiscal 2016 budget request.    I am Dan Arvizu, the Chairman of the Science Board, and in my day job I am the Director and the Chief Executive at the Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory. The National Science Board, as you know, is the governing board of the National Science Foundation and an independent advisor to both Congress and the President.    To begin, I would like to take a few moments to comment on my colleague here, the National Science Foundation Director France Cordova. Dr. Cordova has been at the agency's helm for almost a year now and the board is very appreciative and impressed by her leadership. From day one she has worked to ensure that the NSF supports and will be able to continue to support the strongest portfolio of discovery research in the world. She attends to both processes and to people embracing the Foundation's efforts to enhance transparency and accountability and strengthen its workforce. And Dr. Cordova is a terrific ambassador, as many of you know, for the agency connecting with other nations and scientists across all fields so that NSF can achieve its mission in advancing the frontiers of science.    Chairwoman Comstock, this morning on behalf of my 24 colleagues on the National Science Board, the science and engineering education communities which I represent as well, I would like to thank Members of the Subcommittee for their long-standing support of the NSF. The board takes very seriously our shared responsibility to provide strong governance and proper stewardship of this critical taxpayer investment.    As you know, NSF is the only agency that supports fundamental science and engineering research across all fields advancing the national interest by enabling scientific breakthroughs and the next generation of scientists and engineers. At the core, NSF is simple. We fund the best ideas, proposed and evaluated by scientists and engineers throughout the country, and we do this in fact relying on a lean, dedicated workforce that is supplemented by rotating experts and volunteers and volunteer reviewers. This approach has delivered enormous value to the U.S. taxpayer and become part of the well-known international gold standard, as we like to say, that the Foundation has always worked to both protect and improve.    NSF discovery science exists at the core of much larger national science and technology ecosystem. The early-stage research that NSF drives lays the foundation for the application-oriented science pursued by other agencies and the technological innovations developed by our nation's businesses. For example, ten years ago NSF invested in research on how to design and build a secure cyber infrastructure for the power grid. The DOE's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability and the Department of Homeland Security have carried this research forward, and thanks to these successive investments, today, the trustworthy cyber infrastructure for the power grid project is collaborating with national labs and utility sectors to improve the design security, safety, and resiliency of the U.S. power grid.    We are always looking to improve our processes, and as a result, NSF, as you know, the agency has implemented new policies to begin and to better communicate how awards serve the national interest, how management of the NSF's large facilities is--are managed as well, and the Board and the Director planned a joint commission, an external independent review, to look at how NSF manages its cooperative agreements and to explore areas where they might make improvements to our procedures and processes.    The National Science Foundation's 2016 budget request reflects a strategic commitment to support the best basic research, economic growth, job creation through innovation, and a globally competitive science and engineering workforce. The Board believes that the proposal reflects the priorities set by the scientific community and a clear commitment to investments that will strengthen our nation over the long term.    I particularly ask for your support for funding of--full funding of the Agency Operations Award Management account. This request reflects the need to bring on additional staff to meet the requirements of the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act, cost effectively supporting high-quality, transparent federal spending information.    Like all Americans, the research community must make tough choices and set a priority, a challenge that my colleagues and I, along with the Director, have embraced. Even in times of severe budget constraints, the Board believes that the investment in our science and technology capabilities, including our S&E workforce are essential to our Nation's long-term prosperity and security.    Our researcherships, observatories have led to revolutionary technologies, Nobel prizes, and even new states of matter, accomplishments that are a result of 65 years of a partnership among scientists, universities, NSF, and Congress.    Thank you for your leadership and for this opportunity to testify and I look forward to your questions.    Dr. Arvizu. If I may just add slightly to that, I will be brief. I mentioned the ecosystem of the Nation and how NSF supports fundamental research that ultimately finds its way into the marketplace. There is probably nothing better than a few examples----    Chairwoman Comstock. Yes.    Dr. Arvizu. --to describe kind of how that might occur and so I have got a couple that I think might be useful. I will just focus on one.    NSF has sponsored fundamental research on synthetic chemistry and transforming positron emission tomography, PET imaging, which is an important new technique, and an NSF-funded chemist, Stephen DiMagno, discovered how to create some organic compounds rapidly and efficiently. After that, PI was recognized and went through the I-Corps program that NSF sponsors along with SBIR, which is special grants. That has resulted in ground-floor pharmaceuticals from Lincoln, Nebraska, a company that produces radio tags for this kind of imaging and they have recently signed an exclusive license with Massachusetts General Hospital, which will give rise to a whole suite of new diagnostic techniques in a competitive manner and allow there to be the fundamental work that was done to provide a great opportunity for an expansion of things that really I think offer great and wonderful applications in the marketplace.    Chairwoman Comstock. Great. Very good.    Dr. Arvizu. Yeah. Thank you, Chairman Smith, for the questions and for asking our input on that.    I think I can speak without reservation that my colleagues and I on the board--I support the goal that is clearly articulated in this section and we agree that awards that NSF makes need to be able to support the best ideas and fulfillment of the mission that was essentially just quoted by Dr. Cordova. And we like the whole quote, which includes ``and other purposes'' but I think the main thing to say here is that we concur with her assessment of the changes that are being made----    Dr. Arvizu. --so I want to thank you for your leadership on that.    Dr. Arvizu. I think, again, we will offer the opportunity to offer additional input to make and strengthen that but----    Dr. Arvizu. Well, we agree in principle that this is actually meeting the goals that we are trying to accomplish and I think it is probably best to wait until the language actually comes out, but I--with what I have seen so far, I think we can agree with that language.