    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I'm delighted that you're having this hearing today. It is gratifying to be hearing about a very exciting scientific breakthrough.    I want to congratulate each of the panelists, and welcome you, for your role in anything that you participated when it comes to LIGO. Thank you for being here this morning to talk about what this achievement means for science, and for our Nation, and about the long-term commitment to high-risk, basic research that made it all possible.    The story of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory is a story about the talent, creativity, and perseverance of U.S. scientists and engineers. It is a story about the 65-year commitment of the National Science Foundation to high-risk, basic research. I truly believe that a Nobel Prize will be coming. And it is a story about what we stand to lose as a Nation if we fail to maintain faith in our scientists, and in the scientific process exemplified by the National Science Foundation that is the envy of nations around the world.    When LIGO was first proposed by a small group of physicists from MIT and Cal Tech, many scientists responded, ``You're crazy. It is not possible to build a gravitational-wave detector.'' Many of the scientists at the National Science Foundation and the National Science Board also quietly wondered if it was possible. But the project leaders presented a compelling plan, and the Foundation, then under the Administration of George H.W. Bush, decided to take the gamble. Because that is what the National Science Foundation does. It supports high-risk, but potentially high-reward, basic science that nobody else will do.    Today, we celebrate the scientific and technological achievement that LIGO represents. However, the path to this point was not smooth. When the National Science Foundation first proposed to build LIGO, debates raged in the scientific community and in Congress. Many scientists were concerned about protecting funding for competing physics and astronomy projects that were also important. They were also concerned about squeezing resources for research grants. Those concerns were understandable, and eventually led to the creation of a separate facilities construction account at the Foundation.    Members of Congress, including Members of this Committee, were also skeptical. This was a very expensive project, and some scientists doubted that it was technologically feasible. Members also wondered, what exactly are gravitational waves and why should we care? Throughout these debates and despite the elimination of funding by Congress in the first year that LIGO was proposed and the attempt to do so again in the second year, the National Science Foundation kept faith in the scientists and in its own mission.    Notwithstanding some of the debates we have had here in recent weeks, the primary purpose of the National Science Foundation is not to strengthen national security, or improve public health, or even to grow our economy. To be sure, those are all critically important outcomes of National Science Foundation investments in basic research across all fields of science and engineering, and some NSF-funded research has intended applications even at the proposal stage. However, the essential, core purpose of the National Science Foundation is to promote the progress of science, whether or not there is a foreseeable or intended application, and to train the next generation of U.S. scientists and engineers. And it is clear that the Foundation's bold investments in LIGO, driven by that core purpose, have led to a major scientific breakthrough.    Today's hearing serves as a reminder not just of how talented U.S. scientists and engineers are, but of why we must work hard to maintain our status as the best country in the world to do science by continuing to fund NSF and encourage high-risk taking. This is a lesson that we should apply to the entire agency, and not just to certain fields of our choosing.    Twenty-five years ago, many Members of Congress did not want to fund the search for gravitational waves. After all, how was that in the national interest? But enough Members did dare to imagine, and here we are today.    Again, I want to thank you and congratulate the witnesses, and now I will yield the remainder of my time.    Ms. Johnson. Could I yield to Mr. Foster?