    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Schwartz, on February 18 of this year, I sent you a letter, which contained 13 distinct groupings of questions. The Board responded on April 15, 2015. Do you believe that this April 15 letter was fully responsive to all of my questions?    Mr. Palmer. I ask you, though, do you believe that it was fully responsive, fully responsive to all of my questions?    Mr. Palmer. So you answered, yes, that you think you fully responded to my questions?    Mr. Palmer. So your answer is yes. Thank you.    I'm not sure that they were fully responsive. For instance, in question two, I asked----    Mr. Palmer. If Congress were to enact legislation to limit occupational disability to a time certain, how long a period would you recommend? And you dodged that question. You said you needed time to consult with other stakeholders. After I sent the letter, you requested an extension to fully respond. I think you have had plenty of time to respond and discuss with the stakeholders. If Congress were to limit the time a person could draw benefits, how long would that be?    Mr. Palmer. OK, and question four, I asked: How many disability fraud referrals have been made to the inspector general?    In your response, you provide the number 44. But it's my understanding that 38 of those are unemployment cases. That would make, in my opinion, it would make your response inaccurate and perhaps misleading. Would you agree that an unemployment case is not the same as a disability case?    Mr. Palmer. OK, and then that begs the question of why you answered the question the way you did. The question was: How many disability fraud referrals have been made to the inspector general? And you said 44; 38 of those were unemployment cases. If they were not disability cases, does that mean there were only six? But, yet, you answered 44. Can you respond to that?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Dickman, do you have any idea of how many disability fraud claims were referred to the--to your office?    Mr. Palmer. OK. On question seven, I note that the latest statistics for occupational disability approval rate is 98 percent.    Mr. Palmer. And then I asked you for updated numbers. Did you provide updated numbers in your response?    Mr. Palmer. I find that interesting, particularly in context of question five. It indicates that--in your answer to question five that indicated that examiners who were doing the disability exams were to consult with a medical professional and not that the disability applicant submit to--or that the disability--let me rephrase that.    That they consult with a medical professional rather than have a disability applicant submit to an exam by a medical professional. And then you also say that you require a Social Security disability examiner and a Social Security Administration medical professional to review the case prior to the Railroad Retirement Board review and decision. How has this process impacted the RRB's disability approval rate?    Mr. Palmer. Let me interrupt you. You say you will have exams by doctors. Now, based on the response to the questions, you said that you would have a Social Security disability examiner and a medical professional review the case. In other words, the disability examination would be done by someone else, but you would have a medical professional associated with Social Security to review the case. That's not the same as having a medical professional do the evaluation.    Mr. Palmer. And it is also interesting--and you know, I will check my numbers.    Mr. Palmer. One last question. The numbers that I have on Social Security approval rate is less than 40 percent before appeal, and 65 percent after appeal. But you say 78 percent?    Mr. Palmer. Well, apparently.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I'm going to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for asking for the number of people added to the disability rolls each year, particularly since I asked that question in my letter. And you did not provide that. So I'm very pleased to know that you do have that information and that you will provide it at least to Mr. Grothman.    Another thing that I wanted to bring up, in your response to me, you say it is rare for someone who has left the industry for an extended--for self-employment for them to become entitled to an occupational disability annuity, yet in the inspector general's written testimony, it points to an example in the agency's disability claims manual where an individual left the railroad employment for 16 years but still retains their current connection with the railroad industry. That may be--even if that's the only example, does it make sense an individual can be able to claim an occupational disability from a job they haven't held for 16 years?    Mr. Palmer. Okay, I want to ask you something else in the context of my letter. I asked for copies of all of the correspondence, including emails, related to the RRB's decision to utilize very specific language in their termination letters to the Long Island Rail Road occupational disability annuitants. You attached a February 1, 2013, memo from Inspector General Dickman regarding this topic. Is this the only communication that exists--that exists regarding the subject matter? And if not, why didn't you provide the information I requested?    Mr. Palmer. I asked for copies of all correspondence, including emails, relating to the decision to utilize very specific language in the termination letters. I'm going to ask you, again, to provide that information and provide it for the committee.    Mr. Palmer. I want to move on.    The Board's response indicated--and this is your response to my letter to question nine--that there was a recent meeting with Dr. Robert McLellan, the chief of the Occupational & Environmental Medical Section at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, associate professor at the Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth. In June 2014, the inspector general had forwarded you a lengthy list of poignant recommendations authored by Dr. McLellan. Why did it take the agency 9 months to contact him?    Mr. Chairman, if he is----    Mr. Palmer. Well, the last thing that I want to ask is, what actions will the Board take regarding his recommendations? Because, as Mr. Connolly has said, and as Mr. Meadows has said, I think all of us here, our objective is good government. Our objective is to do what is best for the employees of the railroad, and I think, in that regard, implementing these recommendations--you have heard from Mr. Bertoni. You have heard from Mr. Dickman. I want to know if--what you intend to do? If you intend to implement these recommendations? And I have got one last question.    Mr. Palmer. I'm good with that. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.