    Mr. Garcia. Thank you, Chairman Neugebauer, Ranking Member Clay, and members of the subcommittee for the opportunity to testify today.    I am the executive director of the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council, or FSSCC, which was established in 2002. FSSCC involves 66 of the largest financial firms and their industry associations. I am also pleased to be able to share the witness table today with the FSSCC chairman, Mr. Russell Fitzgibbons.    Today I will discuss how we are organized under regulatory and partnership frameworks to manage the cyber risks and threats that are faced by the financial sector.    The financial sector operates over a network of information and communications technology platforms, making cybersecurity of paramount importance to the sector. A successful cybersecurity or physical attack on these systems could have significant impacts on the global economy and the Nation.    For example, malicious cyber actors vary considerably in terms of motivation and capability, from nation-states conducting corporate espionage to sophisticated cyber criminal groups stealing money, to ``hacktivists'' intent on making political statements. Many cybersecurity incidents, regardless of their original motive, have the potential to disrupt critical systems, even inadvertently.    Thus, the FSSCC's mission is to strengthen the financial sector's resilience against attacks and other threats. We work with the Treasury Department, law enforcement, the Department of Homeland Security, the intelligence community, and regulators toward four main objectives.    First, identify threats through robust information-sharing.    Second, promote protection and preparedness through best practices.    Third, coordinate incident response through joint exercises.    And fourth, consider how the policy environment can promote the above activities.    In practice, these objectives have yielded numerous accomplishments for the benefit of the sector and the economy over the past 10 years.    For example, just to list a few recent examples, we are improving information-sharing content and procedures between government and the sector. We have developed and we maintain an all-hazards crisis response playbook and a cyber response coordination guide that lead our incident responders and our executive decision-makers through decision and action procedures during an incident.    Also, we are conducting joint exercises affecting different segments of the financial system. As Mr. Bentsen alluded to, we maintain a physical presence in the Department of Homeland Security's National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, or NCCIC. This serves as a hub for sharing information related to cybersecurity and communications incidents across sectors.    Our representative there is cleared at the Top Secret/SCI level. Relatedly, we have worked closely with government partners to obtain security clearances for key financial services sector personnel. These clearances have been used to brief the sector on new information security threats and have permitted the exchange of timely and actionable information. We develop best practices involving third-party risks, supply chain, and cyber insurance strategies, among many others.    To go on, we have developed research and development priorities to improve the tools for protection resilience. We are engaging with other critical sectors and international partners to understand and leverage our interdependencies such as communications and electricity.    We have created a financial sector-owned, operated, and governed .bank and .insurance top-level Internet domains. When the Internet-governing authority expanded the number of the so-called top-level domains beyond .com, .gov, .org, .edu, et cetera, they expanded them to hundreds of different names, but we established the .bank and .insurance domains on our own to ensure that we have security standards to protect our system from fraud and cyber attack. This includes imposing eligibility requirements, verification, name selection standards, and other security-focused technical requirements.    Our operational arm, the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center, or FS-ISAC, has developed a technical tool called Soltra Edge that automates threat sharing and analysis and speeds the time to decision and mitigation from days to hours and minutes.    Finally, a word about regulation. Mr. Chairman, the financial sector is often credited for having developed a mature cybersecurity risk management posture. This is due in part to the fact that financial services is a heavily regulated industry, but it is also because our business models, consumer confidence, and the stability of the financial system are dependent upon a secure and resilient infrastructure. We really can't afford to be complacent.    The financial sector supports the need for regulatory guidance on effective standards of practice for cyber risk management, but as the regulatory agencies are independent, there is not sufficient coordination among them in our experience. One institution may face multiple and differing sets of examination questions about the same security controls depending on which regulator is doing the assessment.    We would urge more uniformity among the regulatory agencies in their examination procedures. This process could be more efficient so that financial firms can focus more on securing our infrastructure and less on answering multiple questionnaires in different ways. We need to ensure we are all aligned with unity of effort toward a common objective: financial services security and resiliency.    Mr. Chairman, that concludes my testimony. I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Garcia. Yes. Mr. Fitzgibbons is exactly right. It is a fact that machine-to-machine information-sharing enables faster response times and better, more uniform analysis of the threats, making sense of what we are seeing. And I think we credit that a lot to a standard developed by the Department of Homeland Security, they are called STIX and TAXII. I won't go into the acronym. But one of them describes a common nomenclature, a common language, a dictionary for how we refer to threats and all of the various characteristics of those threats. And the other one is a common communications platform so that everybody can use this. So this is taxpayer dollars well spent.    It is a standard and open specification that is available to all sectors. And the financial sector has overlaid on top of those standards a software program that enables us to share among ourselves, and if we so choose, with other sectors as well.    Mr. Garcia. No, sir. That is illegal. Offense from the private sector side is not a legal thing to do. So that is the purview of the department.    Mr. Garcia. Prosecute, yes. As they are--we work closely--    Mr. Garcia. --with law enforcement.    Mr. Garcia. Good question. I don't have that figure.    Mr. Garcia. I think there is a bit of feeling that law enforcement could always use more resources and higher penalties so that they can really go after the cyber criminals.    I would also suggest though that there are other innovative ways of using existing law. In the past, the financial sector has partnered with companies like Microsoft. And as Microsoft sees everything that is happening on its platforms, the Hotmail and Windows, et cetera, they can see where some of these networks of cyber criminals are operating and how they are attacking financial institutions and together--    Mr. Garcia. I could--a common form of attack that can happen in any major organization is--as was alluded to before, a phishing attack. An employee receives an email that looks like it is from her boss or from a customer or from somebody they know and trust, and it looks authentic. They open the email and perhaps there is an attachment. Maybe they were even expecting that attachment.    And once it is opened, that actually turns out to be an attachment that is owned by the cyber criminal that then deposits into the computer system of the recipient some form of malware, a Trojan or some kind of a virus that then propagates throughout the corporate system. And then once they are in, they can browse around the corporate network and see where there is data of value, and you steal it, corrupt it, destroy it, and that is very common, and it is getting more and more sophisticated.    Mr. Garcia. The increase--the potentially good news about the increase is that we have increasingly sophisticated tools to detect malicious activity. So having greater situational awareness about what is happening to us is a good thing, and then we can start--we can continue to tailor tools to combat that.    So, I think the vexing thing about technological innovation is not only does it give us great new tools for working and living, and playing, and entertaining, but it also gives enterprising criminals new sources of vulnerabilities to exploit.    Mr. Garcia. I don't have specific numbers, but I think cyber criminal attacks are much more numerous partly because there is a big business behind actually providing hacker tools to people who want to buy them.    Mr. Garcia. Yes.    Mr. Garcia. Yes, sir. The Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council has embarked on some cross-sector initiatives to engage particularly with the electric sector and the communication sector.    First, to just understand what our interdependencies are, what our mutual vulnerabilities are, and then think about ways that we can collaborate in areas such as joint exercises in the event that the power goes out; how will that affect our respective sectors. So it is a positive cross-sectoral engagement going on.    Mr. Garcia. That is a very good question. Thank you for that. There actually is quite a network of private sector organizations that are thinking regularly about how to get those tools and awareness into the hands of small business owners and consumers.    There is an organization called the National Cybersecurity Alliance; one of our member institutions is on the board. They host, along with the Department of Homeland Security, every October, National Cybersecurity Awareness Month and it is a major national campaign. All 50 governors declare--    Mr. Garcia. Yes, and the Small Business Administration is a part of that. Many major--many of the Federal agencies are a part of it and our own Treasury Department and some of the Federal regulators for the financial institutions reach out to the small banking community institutions to raise awareness there.    And the National Institute of Standards and Technology has developed a framework called the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, which we are helping to push out to the small institutions. And that is one of the cost-effective tools. It is simple. It is scalable, and it gives them a sense from the IT administrator up to the CEO what their responsibilities are for managing cyber risk.    Mr. Garcia. The FSSCC has a Small Institutions Outreach Working Group that is--that involves the Independent Community Bankers of America, and several other trade associations are involved, and several other companies. And we are thinking about, how do we get their attention when you have small bank CEOs who are really focused on running their business. And now we are asking them to think harder about cybersecurity and how to manage their third party service providers.    We are working closely with our government counterparts in Treasury and the FFIEC to consider the best strategy for pushing out the best, simplest, scalable--    Mr. Garcia. I wouldn't have that information. Perhaps maybe some of my colleagues--    Mr. Garcia. Yes, I think that is our experience and it is anecdotal, but one company could have several different regulators, depending on their various businesses. And the examiners who come in have different sets of questions. And they are all getting to the same issue--security and resiliency--but we have to answer the questions in different ways.    Our point was if we could harmonize, as Mr. Bentsen said, across all other regulatory agencies, we could have the same sets of questions. We could focus on actual security and resiliency and not answering questionnaires or answering fewer questionnaires.    Mr. Garcia. Certainly, within the Financial Services ISAC, there are I think north of 5,000 member organizations now spanning the financial services subsectors. At the same time, the vice president of the FS-ISAC is Chair of the National Council of ISACs, so you have the electric ISAC and the telecom ISAC, and the financial ISAC.    Mr. Garcia. And they are all working together sharing information at a higher level, not at the level of detail and specificity that the FS-ISAC is, but that sharing is happening.    Mr. Garcia. Yes, sir, Congressman, that is a great question. Within the FSSCC we have two task groups that are focused on that question. One is a workforce task group--how do we build capacity for cyber talent that we can use in the financial services sector and how do we describe the range of job responsibilities that we need--number one.    And number two, we have a research and development committee. And within R&D, you think about trying to drive funding--Federal funding--a lot of it through the university--research colleges and universities to work on some of those grand challenges related to cybersecurity. And in the process, you are building a pipeline of graduates and post-graduate professionals who will be entering the workforce, providing their level of expertise.    Mr. Garcia. An example that--perhaps stated in a different way was the financial sector's partnership with Microsoft where Microsoft was watching as was the financial sector all of the attacks on the Microsoft platform--    Mr. Garcia. --like Hotmail and Windows.    Mr. Garcia. They went to--    Mr. Garcia. They cut off the command and control. They went to the U.S. marshal and got a court order to go to the command and control center where the servers were hosting these botnets and they severed that link.