    Dr. Mount. Thank you, Chairman Rogers, Congressman Cooper, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss this with you today.    The world that we are entering is indeed a period of strategic competition. However, this does not mean we are in a new Cold War. Today's challenge is one of maintaining stability in regional contexts and defending the core interests of U.S. allies against limited, but persistent, encroachment.    Both China and Russia are engaged in extensive programs to modernize their nuclear arsenals. But with a few important exceptions, both countries are replacing legacy systems that have reached the end of their service lives. Neither country plans to operate a submarine force capable of maintaining boats continually on station near our shores and neither plans to construct a low, observable bomber platform. For the foreseeable future, U.S. nuclear forces will remain markedly more capable.    Recent calls to build new nuclear weapons and to deploy them closer to potential zones of conflict represent a dramatic departure from longstanding, bipartisan consensus nuclear policy. Since the 1980s, Presidents of both parties have worked to reduce the salience of nuclear weapons in our military planning, to gradually reduce our nuclear stockpile and to refrain from procuring new capabilities.    New nuclear weapons are unlikely to be effective instruments for deterrence or defense in this new era of hybrid conflict. Both Russia and China are likely to continue to pursue their objectives with operations that remain well below the threshold of war. Nuclear weapons, no matter what kind and no matter where they are stationed, cannot deter this kind of threat. They cannot help to roll back Russian occupation of Crimea or put a halt to Chinese land reclamation in the South China Sea.    At the same time, it is far from certain that low-yield and special-effects nuclear weapons are necessary for deterrence or escalation control. The United States cannot be certain that these weapons will deter better than the strategic arsenal or that they will restrain an adversary from conducting further nuclear strikes.    The enormous strategic and diplomatic costs of employing a tactical weapon make it unlikely that they would be utilized, which in turn decreases their utility as instruments of deterrence. China and Russia are already threatened by American superiority. New nuclear programs would likely cause them to accelerate their modernization efforts, contributing to what former Secretary of Defense Bill Perry recently warned is a new round in the nuclear arms race.    For these reasons, imbalances should be addressed through verifiable arms control agreements. For this reason, the United States should press Russia to engage in negotiations, not only to limit existing nuclear systems, but also the procurement programs that each country finds most threatening.    Initiating new nuclear procurement programs in the United States would also have serious effects on the national defense budget. If history is any precedent, Congress is unlikely to obligate funds for a hundred new bombers and 12 new Ohio-replacement submarines on top of numerous other outlays.    Unexpected cuts to core systems of the triad will require changes in strategy and operations. At the same time, nuclear modernization plans also place significant pressure on other military priorities, especially in Navy shipbuilding and the F-35 program.    Congress and the White House should seek prudent cuts to the modernization plans in advance so that the services can plan for the future. Specifically, Congress should require the Department of Defense to generate studies that explain the need for a new cruise missile, examine the effect of moving to a force of 8 to 10 ballistic missile submarines and to provide regular cost estimates of new spending on nuclear systems, especially the new Long-Range Strike Bomber.    Lastly, the costs of seeking new nuclear capabilities are not only monetary. Reneging on the U.S. commitment not to build new nuclear capabilities could stress a beleaguered nuclear nonproliferation treaty regime to the breaking point, and thereby deprive the United States of important tools to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons.    At the same time, new procurement efforts would encourage the other countries to seek these capabilities. It is far safer to maintain that nuclear weapons are not an effective means of controlling escalation.    In conclusion, current and projected strategic conditions do not warrant major changes to longstanding nuclear force structure. It is critical to national security and the Nation's standing in the world that the United States maintain its commitment not to seek new nuclear capabilities and to continue gradual negotiated reductions of its nuclear arsenal.    Thank you.    Dr. Mount. Yes, thank you for that, Congressman. I would be glad to. It is important to realize that there is a bound in these estimates, anywhere between $800 billion and $1.1 trillion, depending on what you include and how you include potential figures for cost growth.    That having been said, I think it is important to realize that these funds are not likely to be appropriated in their entirety. And it is important to sort of plan ahead and allow the services to plan ahead and make sure they know what is coming so that they are not caught unawares with abrupt changes to nuclear force structure that are mandated by Congress.    I think it is important for the White House and the services to sort of together cultivate a plan to bring these modernization plans under control. And I outlined a couple of ways to do that.    It is important to realize that I think there are some areas where the modernization plans can be pared back without deleteriously impacting our ability to deter our adversaries or to respond to a wide range of conflicts.    So these include the new cruise missile I think we should take a serious look at, and also the large number of submarines that we are planning to build.    Now, that is not to say that we ought to throw the plans out the window. We will buy a new bomber, and we should. We will buy new submarines, and we should. And it is important to prioritize and protect appropriations for those systems that are critical to national deterrence and deterrence operations, while looking for areas that bring these modernization plans sort of back into the fold of reality.    Dr. Mount. I would be glad to. I don't want to put words in my colleague's mouth, but as I understand it the argument for new nuclear capabilities is that a threat to utilize a large nuclear weapon in sort of a limited war scenario would be incredible.    And I would dispute that, seriously. It is not clear to me that we would ever use a tactical nuclear weapon under any plausible circumstance. As Barry mentioned, delivering a tactical nuclear weapon through a tactical fighter has serious trouble. I don't know that we would authorize it. We couldn't be sure that it would reach its target in the right way.    And most importantly, as you mentioned, any use of a nuclear weapon would have enormous diplomatic costs and it would give any President very serious pause. And the fact that we would incur such massive diplomatic and strategic costs, while plausibly not sort of having any outcome on the military situation on the ground, in turn, decreases the credibility of a threat to use one of these weapons.    So I would seriously question whether they are needed in specific circumstances.    Dr. Mount. Congressman, if I might comment. I think it is exactly right to say that we ought to prepare for this new era of strategic competition. I think that it is vital to do so. But I think in shifting the bounds of this competition into the nuclear domain, you legitimize Vladimir Putin's reckless movement of nuclear capabilities and his sort of--and his very reckless risk-taking.    I think it is vital that the United States and its allies prepare to counter these hybrid strategies in the domain where they started, so we prepare robust, layered, conventional responses so that we can combat these strategies with strategies of our own that actually have a plausible chance of stopping this kind of aggression on the ground where it starts.    I think we have every interest in maintaining a resolute and unified response to Russian aggression at those levels and no interest at all in allowing Russia to shift the game to the strategic area where he is more capable, relatively more capable.