    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The Subcommittee will be in order. Without objection, the Chair will be authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee during votes in the House.    Because we're supposed to have votes in about 30 minutes, the Chair will forego his opening statement. We'll ask the other Members not to make opening statements so we can get to the witnesses, because Representative Jackson Lee has got a hard departure time at 11:30. And I think after the first votes we won't be able to get back until that.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. We have a very distinguished panel today, and I'll begin by swearing in our witnesses before introducing them.    If you would please all rise.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Let the record show that all of the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    I'm going to be giving an abbreviated introduction of each of the witnesses. Then you'll be recognized for 5 minutes.    Amy Hess is the executive assistant director of science and technology at the FBI. Ms. Jody Wolf is the assistant crime laboratory administrator for the Phoenix Police Department Crime Laboratory. And Ms. Natasha Alexenko is the founder of Natasha's Justice Project, which is a nonprofit whose mission is to eliminate the Nation's rape kit backlog crisis.    Without objection, your written testimony will be put in the record, and each of you will be recognized for 5 minutes. And I think you know what the green, yellow, and, particularly, the red light mean.    Ms. Hess.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you.    Ms. Wolf.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you.    Ms. Alexenko.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you for your very moving testimony.    We will now have questioning of the witnesses under the 5-minute rule. The Chair will withhold his questions to see if we have time at the end.    The gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte, is recognized first.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you.    The gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The gentleman's time has expired.    I have noticed that we are in for at least two votes on the floor, which should last 45 minutes. Let me inquire if anybody wishes to come back and ask questions after the votes are over with, which would probably be around 11:30.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Pardon?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. If you are quick, because I would like to leave by the time of the second bell, and the gentlewoman from Texas wants to do it as well.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. The gentleman is recognized.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection, it will be included in the record.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The gentlewoman from Texas.