    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, General, I also really appreciated your comments and want to echo what you said about our men and women in uniform and their families and the sacrifices they have made. I think it is important at every opportunity to remember them.    I had a question about a comment that Secretary Carter made yesterday, and I want to get your take on it. Secretary Carter told the Senate Armed Services Committee that withdrawal from Afghanistan would be conditions-based. It seemed to me that hinted that maybe there was no firm deadline for withdrawal, and my understanding has been that there has been an articulated plan by the President to have troop drawdowns by the end of 2016.    So my question for you is, do you think that extending withdrawal past 2016 would help you better accomplish your goals on the ground?    General Campbell. Sir, thank you for the question, and I did see the Secretary's comments. So I have really provided options that stay within the framework of what the President put out there, and it does show the current plan as 9,800 U.S., going down to 5,500 by the end of December of 2015, going down to between 1,000 and 1.5--1,500 by the end of 2016.    The options that I presented forward did not go past 2016; they are all providing flexibility within 2015 and 2016, sir.    Mr. MacArthur. Not to put you in a difficult position relative to stated goals by the President, but it is helpful for us to get your perspective as the commander on the ground. You showed tremendous progress here, which we, I think, all celebrate and want to see that continue and be in a position to be sustained after our mission there is complete.    What would be your level of confidence that you can achieve that by the end of 2016?    General Campbell. Sir, honestly, I will be very candid, and I owe you my best military advice, as I do to, you know, my chain of command. I do not know what we can accomplish in the summer fighting season 2015 at the train-advise level that we are currently conducting.    We just started the new Resolute Support Mission on 1 January. What I really want to make sure we could do is get through a full, what we call a fighting season, April through the late September timeframe, focused on train, advise, and assist, plus with our CT mission.    And if we can--if we look at a downsize of the 5,500, that potentially could take our eye off a focus on train, advise, and assist when we really need it. So that is why the flexibility, I think, is very, very important.    You know, as the commander on the ground we take a look at all the different conditions that are out there. We continuously make assessments, taking into account the enemy situation, the friendly forces, how they are doing, the people, the different regions. And so all those will go in as I continue to make assessments and provide that.    But I really do need to understand and see what we can do with these new entities what we call TAAC--train, advise, assist commands--that we have in the--in our spokes in Gambir and Jalalabad out in the east and Kandahar in the south, Herat in the west, and Mazar-i-Sharif in the north. This is a new dynamic. We haven't been at that level before.    My initial assessment right now is we will continue to work very well, and the Afghans really do--you know, over the last 13-plus years, have continued to develop. This is my third time in Afghanistan. My last time was as the Regional Command-East Commander 101st , 2010 and 2011. Visited a couple times in between 2011 and when I took over this summer.    The difference from back in 2010 and 2011 to where we are today is just night and day. It is incredible.    The Afghan security force has continued to progress. They have an operation ongoing now--I won't go into great detail because it is an ongoing operation in northern Helmand, but this was an operation that was entirely planned and led from the Afghan perspective. I took back briefs on it about 3 weeks ago when I was down in Helmand.    This is a three-corps operation. The main effort is the 215th in Helmand. It has supporting efforts from the 205th in Kandahar, the 207th at Herat. I have never seen an Afghan operation that was that complex back-briefed to me and the senior leadership inside of Afghanistan and the police and the army side, and integration between all the Afghan security pillars--the police, the army, their intelligence was pretty remarkable, and so I think they continue to get better and better. I think I would be able to answer that better after we get through this fighting season to really see how the train, advise, assist goes, but I do believe that the flexibility that we have asked for in several different options and that we put forward will provide us a better opportunity to take advantage of things that have changed over the last 6 months--President Ghani and his embracing of the international community, the relationship between Pakistan, some changes in leadership in the Afghan security forces.    And I really do think that leadership and then holding people accountable really makes a difference.    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you, General. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Aguilar.