    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome. It is important to hear from stakeholders because the stories that we weave here may not always really reflect the real world, and we are hoping that you will give us what is going on on the ground. And so I am going to weave a little story to put this all in perspective, too.    Congressman Bost and I met with a small manufacturer about 2 months ago, and their--subject to a DOE enforcement case, and, of course, because of the enforcement case, they even told to stop selling a piece of equipment. This company spent several months trying to find out why a third--they and a third party lab that tested the product, why they met the standard and why when DOE got their hands on it, they didn't meet the standard.    So DOE tested that the product, 7 months later, and not only--and I will weave the story why DOE came to a different conclusion, but it is also under a new regulation than when the product was originally produced. So here is this fraud in, catch-22 world in which you all have to try to live in to try to catch up, after a product has been manufactured, to a new regulation, and then face the heavy hand of the Federal Government.    So the company was not aware of section 2.11 because it was not included in the proposed rulemaking. It was two lines in a large rule previously represented as not materially altering efficiency measures. This piece of equipment did not pass the automatic test, but it did pass the manual test. So this is a piece of equipment that you can operate manually, or you can hook up a thermostat and operate automatically. It did meet the standards for the manual test. It didn't meet the test for the automatic.    DOE would never tell them why they failed the test until months later, even when they asked for transparency, show us your work, tell us what you are doing.    So this is a crazy world in which we live in. The Federal Government is there to help, not punish. The Federal Government is there to, if they want to have efficiency and they want to encourage movement forward, they should be incenting. They should not--so this small company, it is a small company, has a proposed $241,000 penalty, because DOE is now saying that they knowingly, knowingly kind of jimmied the efficiency standards where the equipment met the manual standard, didn't meet the automatic standard.    Of course, when you fall into this regime, you can't sell your product. It is banned from being sold until this conflict gets resolved. Small companies just can't survive this type of work. It would be best, as we hear, I am sure, similar stories about the struggles of maintaining it, businesses' goal is to help to raise capital, assume risk, hoping to get a return, and while they are doing that, they create jobs.    If the Government--we just want the Government to be fair players in this system. If we are going to create these new standards, give industry a chance to meet them, and don't play games of delay by not working with the industry and then telling them why they failed to meet the standard, or changing the rules for automatic or manual-type systems. So I am really looking forward to the hearing. I think it is very, very important, and I have got questions, when we come to it, on--to address the jobs debate, which I think people find pretty problematic that these are now causing the loss of jobs in our country, and I yield back my time.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is actually a very good panel. There really is more that unites us than divides us on this whole debate. And I think that is true across the board.    Ad first of all, for Mr. McGuire, Mr. Cosgriff and Mr. Yurek, you are saying that there is a need for some reform, but you are not claiming that there is a desire to jettison energy efficiency standards, are you?    Mr. Shimkus. OK. I am going to go quickly, so Mr. Cosgriff.    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Yurek?    Mr. Shimkus. So this is an example of where we really can work together to get some sensible changes to affect folks like the narrative that I provided earlier today, there is a trap that people do fall into, from big Federal agencies, and the rolling out of regs, and as the fluorescent light bulb case, Mr. Cosgriff, that they get caught in a trap. You don't want to miss a cycle of putting a product on the shelves because for a small company that could be deadly.    So Ms. Noll, you did mention in the discussion with my colleague, Mr. Rush, that the confusing thing is we are not talking from a baseline of families. What is a family? What is the cost? I think Ms. Miller mentioned it, her cost in a two-family household is different than a family--I am one of seven kids, nine in the family grew up--a lot different costs, a lot different projected savings. Don't you think that if we are going to have this debate that the Department of Energy ought to help us define what is a family? What is a savings? And to have part of that transparency, Ms. Noll?    Mr. Shimkus. Buy don't you think they should help define this so we can have a better, accurate discussion of what these savings are and who they are--this amorphous savings is being disputed by economists based upon real data and real numbers.    Mr. Shimkus. The question is, shouldn't the Department of Energy help us define their savings? The answer is they don't.    Mr. Yurek, following up on this question, don't you think they should do a better job, the Department of Energy should help us define savings and costs?    Mr. Shimkus. OK. Let's go quickly to job losses you highlighted in part of your written testimony. Talk about the job loss, and shouldn't the DOE talk about that there is a loss of jobs? Especially as you get to this point of again as again my colleague, Mr. Rush, says here how much juice are you squeezing from the grape? And you identified that in your testimony.    Mr. Shimkus. Aren't you asking for a return to a collaborative approach with the Department of Energy? Mr. McGuire?    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Cosgriff?    Mr. Shimkus. So I do have to applaud the DOE. We have actually been pressuring them for years and also the EPA to say, ``tell us how that affects jobs.'' So in this most recent proposed rule, March 12, 2015, this is what it says.    Some large manufacturers have already begun moving production to lower-cost countries. Short-term, U.S. job loss. This is the Department of Energy saying that. And an amended standard that necessitate large increases in labor content or that requires large expenditures to retool facilities should cause other manufacturers to reevaluate production citing options.    What that means is, that if we squeeze too much--my colleague Mr. Rush--if we go too much, we lose jobs to overseas manufacturers and that would be unfortunate. Thank you, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Shimkus. And does DOE have to determine whether rulemaking is likely to be technologically feasible and cost effective before updating a standard?