    Ms. Gowrinathan. Okay. I imagine you all hear a lot of these panels, a lot of these conversations and I think what comes up over and over again is that there is this disconnect between researchers, between activists, between practitioner and policy makers, and I think one of the biggest disconnects is that policy makers don't understand the ground realities, right.    Obviously, it is difficult for policy makers to do. I think, you know, what a lot of my work--what I would like to testify to is how the policies that are made over here affect the people over there--how the people over there experience these policies.    If you pass materiel support for terrorism law in the United States it affects the resources available to a young girl in the northeast in Sri Lanka.    I think the U.S. policies abroad and particularly, you know, we are seeing this with Sri Lanka, are too often committed to an ideal and this feels sort of intentional to me, being committed to an ideal.    That ideal is usually democracy, which is an important ideal to uphold. But this commitment need not challenge political agendas. If you uphold only the ideal then you don't have to shift political agendas and it is these political agendas by the Sri Lankan Government, by the international community and by the United States that can sometimes sustain and create more conflict.    So in Sri Lanka as elsewhere solutions that are based on ideals are not going to be effective--have not been effective. This is particularly concerning right now because where a solution fails, violence returns, and that is what I think all of us don't want to see happen in Sri Lanka.    So as we consider the progress in Sri Lanka, how do we gauge it? Do we gauge it on policies that reflect an ideal to promote peace or do we gauge it on solutions that create structural change that is required to end violence.    Which way are we measuring these policies in Sri Lanka? And this is a really central question because the people these policies affect can feel the difference between the two.    And so there's four areas that I want to look at here to examine the gap between the people's experiences and the policies that we are examining. And the first is transitional justice.    People have been talking a lot about transitional justice in Sri Lanka. There was a new report out from a group of local scholars in Sri Lanka--legal scholars--and one of the first requirements for transitional justice is that you address both truth and justice. The two have to be done together.    And while the question for Sri Lanka is will the Government of Sri Lanka be willing to dig up mass graves, to find the missing husband of a widow, if that same body becomes evidence for war crimes.    Will there be truth and justice? The ground reports reveal that already the initiatives that have started the Office of Missing Persons are asking victims to choose between the two. Do they want truth or do they want justice?    Another thing that you have to have for transitional justice is confidence-building measures. You have to have the confidence of the people. They have to have faith in state institutions.    The Tamils and other groups are still feeling very intensely the reverberations of past accountability efforts. The women I met in the refugee camps at the end of the war they were well aware that there was a United Nations desk to report sexual violence crimes. Nobody went anywhere near that desk for fear of retribution. The people who testified on lessons learned and reconciliation committee immediately faced harassment by security forces. The Office of Missing Persons has already been found to not consult the victims in any sort of genuine process.    In a recent survey in the northeast found that there is a deep disillusionment and mistrust, and this is important not just as a Sri Lankan state but of the international community. The Tamil population feels that the international community, along with the Sri Lankan Government, abandoned them in 2009. So it is important to recognize that there is a deep mistrust and disillusionment in these areas.    Another need for transitional justice is a memorialization of the dead. Memorializing their dead in the northeast has been criminalized. Not just that, they have removed the spaces of worship.    Slowly you are seeing the destruction of temples and the erection of Buddhist statues where people might memorialize their dead.    For many Tamils I've met recently, memory has no value. The way that they survive is by forgetting. They don't want to answer any more questions because they fear that memory will put their lives at risk.    This is a key problem you're going to face and you have this sort of moment where you have development and accountability processes merging together and what you create is this entrenched victimization where a person exists only by the worst experience that happened to them, where they have access to resources only by articulating the worst thing that's happened to them.    And then militarization--obviously, this demilitarization is one of the biggest issues for all communities in the north and east. To show demilitarization, yes, the government has made the governor of the northeast a civilian and not a military commander. So this is--you know, it is showing something.    But if you talk to the civilians there, there was a civilian I spoke to recently who said you don't need checkpoints anymore--you don't need soldiers.    When you have a context where preschool teachers are recruited into the civilian defense force where the only jobs are military-run hotels and hospitals and vegetable shops and on agricultural farms run by the military, then militarization is complete. Everybody is an informant.    For those who have returned home to some of the land that the government has returned, most of them are living in the shadow of military camps.    They are still immediately adjacent to the very forces that were a part of the atrocities committed in 2009. The military mediates every aspect of civic life in the north and east.    Everything from communal functions to private entrepreneurship. They have even left their mark on the school uniforms of Tamil children.    So this type of deep militarization, I think I would caution here has been used as a model for counter terrorism has been held up as something we should, you know, try to replicate and I think here it is important to note the defeat of the LTTE militarily requires a violation of all established human rights and humanitarian norms.    I don't think this is something we want to replicate. And women, peace and security, which is a critical issue now with the U.N. and here at the U.S. that we put a lot of effort into, a recent survey that I did found that while there has not been as many crimes--the magnitude of crimes against women by the state has decreased--the mode of operating remains the same.    So Tamil women still feel that if there is an act of sexual violence there will be no prosecution for that act. And so I think that what we are looking at--what we have to look at is what is the potential for the resurgence of violence.    We use these words like inequality and alienation and these are things that cause violence. But we always use them in a passive way. They are actually active things that are happening. They are political acts.    There is repressive policies that create inequality. There is populations that are alienated. It is done through political acts and these have a political impact.    So when we look at Sri Lanka and we look at political reform right now, what is the genuine political space available for Tamils? If you're going to gauge democratic transition simply by a regime change that shouldn't be how we're gauging it because you still see the arrest of protest organizers. You still have the Prevention of Terrorism Act in place.    A recent report reveals there are still white van abductions. There are still--the use of torture was noted by U.N. rapporteurs.    So as you've seen in other countries like in Myanmar and other countries in democratic transition, the commitment at a national level to a shift in politics, in political dynamics, does not mean there is a structural shift to include the perspectives of marginalized populations and there has not been a shift in that way.    So I would end by saying that the U.S. should have a cautious approach and the statements and policies should be calibrated by the ground realities.    Things like human rights violations, the loss of faith in state institutions, military occupation, a culture of impunity--these are the drivers of violence.    You cannot have a sustainable peace without addressing these things. So rather than measuring progress against the ideal of democracy in Sri Lanka, are we willing to push for the dismantling of political structures that hold inequality in place?    Thank you.    Ms. Gowrinathan. I would say that one of the key things to look at is the role of, again, the military. A number of the cases--when you have the entrenched military in a number of these areas the military is mediating everything.    So what if someone reports a case? What language it's reported in, who they see going into a courtroom? You know, there is--there is sort of an impact on anybody who tries to engage in the judicial process.    I have met--a former ex-combatant I met last year who said that she has five or six pending cases against her by the military for things like throwing away her cell phone because she didn't want to be tracked.    So when the courts are filling up with these types of surveillance cases against all of the Tamils who they suspect to be linked in some way to the Tigers, when women can't walk outside because they have five different cases pending against them by the military, there is not going to be room for the Tamil population to address their grievances within the same court system that came from within a state that controlled the entire judicial mechanisms that appointed all of the Supreme Court judges.    So that, I think, where those two sort of come up against each other you see this constant sort of slowness of the process.    Ms. Gowrinathan. The likelihood, I would say, of the devolution of power has always been something that seems very optimistic for the north and east.    You know, the concern, I think, becomes who is mediating that political conversation. So when you have a context where there was a political movement that was articulating the political demands of the people and that shifts to a political party, that may not be as sort of entrenched in the ground realities as you would want.    For me, the concern becomes how do you get the everyday sort of citizen to engage in politics in a way that their opinions come across without being mediated.    And so when you see things like mass protests that is encouraging. Mass protests about the disappeared--mass protests about the missing persons--those are encouraging. But when you see the protestors arrested and harassed right afterwards then again you feel that that space is not a genuine space offered.    It is sort of the streets have opened up and there's less checkpoints but the people are still harassed.    Ms. Gowrinathan. They hold a lot more than that and I think there is private and public land that is being held, and I was there last year for this very sort of fancy military ceremony of releasing tiny plots of land to people.    The military still controls a large amount of land in the north and east that should be for--I mean, you still have tens of thousands of internally-displaced people because their homes are in high security zones.    So the lands are still being held by the military and let's say that even where they say formally this is public land but we are going to use it for a base, we are going to use it for a military hospital, we are going to use it for a military-run hotel, that is still occupation of private lands that belong to Tamils.