    Mr. Smith. The subhearing of the joint subcommittees will come to order, and good afternoon to everybody.    At a time when the administration seems keen to reach a nuclear accord that relies at least to some extent on trust, although there are some verification aspects to it, with the Iranian regime and perhaps even a de facto collaboration in the fight against ISIS, it is wise to consider and scrutinize the dismal human rights record of this country which we are currently conducting negotiations with.    How they treat their own people is illustrative of how they see and will treat outsiders. This hearing provides a critical examination of human rights in Iran, which is important and necessary in its own right, and also places in context the administration's efforts toward a nuclear deal.    According to the report by the U.N. Special Rapporteur on Human Rights in Iran, between July 2013 and June 2014, at least 852 people were executed in Iran. Shockingly, some of those executed were children under the age of 18. Iranian human rights activists place the number of people executed by the regime at 1,181.    The current Department of State human rights report states that Iranian human rights violations include disappearances; cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment; mistreatment of prisoners including judicially sanctioned amputation and flogging; rape; politically motivated violence and repression; harsh and life-threatening conditions in detention and prison facilities, with instances of death in custody; arbitrary arrests and lengthy pretrial detention, sometimes incommunicado.    While the Iranian Constitution grants equal rights to all ethnic minorities and allows for minority languages to be used in the media and in schools, minorities do not enjoy equal rights and the regime consistently denies their right to use their language in school. In addition, a 1985 law prohibits non-Shi'a ethnic minorities from fully participating in civic life. That law and its associated provisions make full access of employment, education and other areas conditional on a devotion to the Islamic Republic and the tenets of the Shi'a Islam.    The regime disproportionately targets minority groups including Kurds, Arabs, Azeris, and others, for arbitrary arrest, prolonged detention, and physical abuse. These groups report political and socioeconomic discrimination particularly in their access to economic aid, business licenses, university admissions, permission to publish books, and housing and land rights.    Because of the severe religious freedom abuses, our Government has designated Iran as a Country of Particular Concern since 1999, each year. Frequently, the arrest and harassment of members of religious minorities has continued following a significant increase in 2012. The government severely restricts religious freedom, and there have been reports of imprisonment, harassment, intimidation, and discrimination based on those faith beliefs.    There has been continued reports of government charging religious and ethnic minorities with ``enmity against God,'' ``anti-Islamic propaganda,'' or vague national security crimes for their religious activities. Those reportedly arrested on religious grounds face poor prison conditions and treatment, as with most prisoners of conscience.    One of the imprisoned on religious grounds is Pastor Saeed Abedini, a U.S. citizen and father of two--Rebekkah and Jacob--and a Christian imprisoned in Iran because of his, and only because of, his faith. Pastor Abedini was imprisoned by the Iranian regime nearly 1,000 days ago when members of the Revolutionary Guard pulled him off a bus and then placed him under house arrest. He later was taken away in chains to Evin prison, where he endured periods of solitary confinement, beatings, internal bleeding, death threats, and continued psychological torture all because he would not deny his Christian faith.    What was Pastor Abedini's crime? According to the court, he was a threat to the security of Iran because of his leadership role in Christian churches between 2000 and 2005. And I would note parenthetically that he was allowed to go back to build an orphanage, got the approval and then had that all reversed and then he was arrested.    President Obama promised Pastor Abedini's son Jacob that he would do all he can to gain his father's release by the boy's birthday next month. Yesterday, the Secretary of State in answer to a question I posed said the administration was working quietly to gain Pastor Abedini's release as soon as possible. Let us hope.    Meanwhile, Iran is repeatedly cited for virtually unrelenting repression of the Baha'is community which Iran's Shiite Muslim clergy views as a heretical sect. Baha'is number about 300,000-350,000. At least 30 Baha'i remained imprisoned and 60 were arrested in 2012. A February 2013 U.N. report said that 110 Baha'is were in jail. They had said that 133 were expected to start serving jail time.    Since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, the regime has executed more than 200 Baha'is simply because of their faith. The regime frequently prevents many Baha'is from leaving the country, harasses them, persecutes them, and generally disregards their property rights. I would note parenthetically that when Ronald Reagan was President and was the first one to raise the issue at the Presidential level, I was there at the White House when he so designated the defense of the Baha'i as a very vital, important interest of the United States and all concerned about human rights.    Iranian courts offer no recourse to the monstrous violations of human rights because without an independent judiciary Iranians and foreigners tied to those courts are routinely denied fair trials sometimes resulting in executions without due process.    I'd like to now yield to Mr. Deutch for any opening comments he may have.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Deutch.    It is a privilege to join Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, the former chairman of the full committee and now chairman of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. This is both of our subcommittees' joint hearing. I yield to my good friend and colleague.    Mr. Smith. Madam Chair, thank you very much for your very eloquent statement and for your passion.    Now we will yield to Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    I would like to yield to Chairman Chabot.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Chairman Chabot.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Trott.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Trott.    I would like to now introduce our very distinguished panel beginning first with Shayan Arya who is an expert in Iran, who is also a human rights and political activist. He was elected to the Central Committee of the Constitutionalist Party of Iran in which he served multiple terms. He has co-authored numerous articles focusing on the Iranian regime's human rights violations, internal politics, and terrorist activities. The articles have been published around the world in publications such as the Wall Street Journal, The Australian, the Washington Times, Jerusalem Post, and Strategic Outlook.    We will then hear from Mr. Mohsen Sazegara who was part of the 1979 Islamic Revolution and one of the founders of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards. He held several positions within the regime in the first decade after the revolution, but declined to accept any positions in it after 1988. He has published three newspapers and two monthly magazines which were all shut down by the regime, and has been arrested and imprisoned four times in Iran. While out of the country for medical treatments in 2004, he was sentenced to 6 years of jail. He has continued his political opposition and is currently the president of the Research Institute on Contemporary Iran.    Then we will hear from Mr. Anthony Vance, who oversees the development of the U.S. Baha'i Office of Public Affairs' programs and strategic direction. He joined the office in 2010 after spending 4 years at the Baha'i World Center in Haifa, Israel, representing it to the diplomatic community, civil society, and to the host government. A lawyer by training, he spent 21 years in the U.S. Agency for International Development in legal and managerial positions in Washington, Cote d'Ivoire, Kenya, Botswana, and Egypt.    Mr. Arya, if you could begin.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much for your testimony, and without objection your full statement will be made a part of the record as well as our other distinguished witnesses.    Mr. Sazegara, please proceed.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much.    Yes, thank you so much for that testimony. Both of you brought up the fact that the Justice Minister is in this ``moderate'' government serving in a high position despite his horrific past.    I would like to now ask Mr. Vance if you would proceed.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Vance, thank you so very much for your testimony, and to all of you. We will stand in a brief recess. We have three votes on the floor of the House right now, and then we will resume our sitting of the two subcommittees. But thank you so very much, and I apologize for the inconvenience.    