    Mr. Nahi. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Whitfield and fellow subcommittee members, than you for the opportunity to testify at the Subcommittee on Energy and Power's 21st century electricity challenge hearing.    Enphase Energy provides solar energy solutions for the residential and commercial market, as well as energy services for utilities. Through the most sophisticated power electronics and communications technology in the world, we are able to bring a level of visibility, intelligence and control to our solar systems, which are deployed in over 80 countries. This has enabled us to leverage our solar assets to help strengthen and increase the resilience of the grid, while providing clean, affordable energy for our customers in the U.S. and all over the world. A public utility company located in the San Francisco Bay area, Enphase has grown to over 600 employees since 2006, and plans to employ over 750 employees by the end of 2015. Our products are now installed by tens of thousands of workers across the United States each day. We have a profitable business, and continue to invest in new technologies and new markets to enable more consumers to enjoy the benefits of clean, affordable energy, while helping our utility partners strengthen and stabilize the grid. In doing so, we are creating both blue- and white-collared jobs in our country, and creating competitively priced products that make the United States a global leader in our technology class.    Our advanced technology solutions turns solar systems into assets on the grid, and our energy management system addresses the grid's needs via our intelligent communications technology. In fact, we just completed an upgrade with a utility partner to remotely modify the operating characteristics of thousands of solar systems to substantially strengthen their distribution and feeder networks. In essence, we enable solar systems to observe and then respond to the potential grid issues, thus increasing its reliability. By optimizing the grid in this manner, we can either delay or eliminate significant capital costs, thereby reducing cost for consumers.    As is implied by our product offering, it is clear that our number one job at Enphase is to help provide clean, affordable energy, while increasing grid stability. At the same time, we recognize the urgent need to increase the security of our energy supply. Energy security is fundamental to the health of our country. It is also a specific focus of this Congress. It must be recognized that new, clean energy resources can play a significant role in enhancing our energy security. Solar and wind are abundant and limitless, and it is our responsibility to harness these resources responsibly. That said, Enphase and others in this new energy economy will play a fundamental role in ensuring the energy security of our country. The technologies we develop leverage years of innovation in the semiconductor and information technology markets, and include many of our own advances. Because of this, each system we ship is embedded with the most advanced security protocols, and can be remotely updated as necessary to prevent new cyber threats. We take our role as a though leader in the energy security seriously, and believe this arena will become increasingly critical over time.    In order to ensure that our efforts to provide clean energy to consumers, while strengthening the resiliency and security of the grid, continue unabated, we must also maintain our relentless pursuit of more cost-effective solutions. Providing clean, secure energy is not enough. We must make it affordable for everyone. We have been able to dramatically lower the cost of our solar solutions, and are now applying the same technology to storage, where we also expect to see a dramatic decrease in costs. The same processes and semiconductor technologies used for developing and scaling the consumer electronics market are now being applied by Enphase to the renewable energy market. Technologies like the Enphase energy management system have the ability to realize significant cost reductions through economies of scale and continued innovation. It is my opinion that solar and other energy technologies will play a fundamental role in the new energy economy as a result of our ability to innovate and scale, resulting in highly cost-competitive, reliable and secure energy generation.    Enphase Energy is built on a foundation of collaboration. We believe that a health industry lifts all market participants. We have no doubt that the creation of a new energy economy will result in hundreds of thousands of new jobs for Americans, and we are looking forward to enabling those interested in participating in this industry to make a smooth and successful transition. The result will be a strong and vibrant industry, abundant access to clean, affordable energy, a large, well-paid workforce, and a prosperous future for all Americans. The success of our company and other new energy participants is a testament to the increasing demand for affordable, clean energy, and we do not expect this to subside.    That said, I believe our role as job creators now and in the future cannot be underestimated. With this role comes the responsibility to help others transition to this new and growing industry. We must recognize the amazing accomplishments of those in the industry who carved the path before us, and provide the support necessary to enable them to participate in this new energy paradigm.    Lastly, we aim to remain competitive internationally to ensure the United States retains a position of leadership in the world's energy ecosystem.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify before this committee, and look forward to working with Congress as we continue to add jobs, increase grid stability, protect our citizens against cyber threats, and ensure the United States maintains its position as a global technology leader. Thank you.    Mr. Nahi. Sure. So I think we have to acknowledge that the dynamics that are making solar as powerful as it is today are doing nothing but getting better. The cost of solar energy continues to decrease exponentially year on year, while at the same time grid electricity, utility electricity, is continuing to increase in price. So the--it is less a question of how we do it, if we do it, it is a question of how we do it, and the reality is that the integration, the technologies that are available today at the--at--for distributed generation are so sophisticated that not only does it make the integration relatively straightforward, it actually acts to strengthen the grid. The fact is that the old hub and spoke model that we currently have is inherently flawed. What we want is more generation of all kinds, more distributed generation, and associated with that brings about greater visibility, greater control, there is more and more we can do to leverage solar as an asset on the grid and increase stability if we have the will. The technology is here. We don't need any more. And I would say that it has become so sophisticated that it is relatively straightforward to integrate right now. With the appropriate policy and regulatory issues, with the right--the will to support it, we can easily integrate more and more distributed generation.    Mr. Nahi. Exactly. So I completely agree with Mr. Kamen that the right answer is distributor generation.    Mr. Nahi. It can't be done at the expense of the grid, this is done in concert with the grid, but really what we need is more and more of all kinds of distributor generation.    Mr. Nahi. In terms of the regulatory and policy changes that need to be adopted for that, we have to recognize that the potential for an adverse relationship between the renewable energy companies and the utilities exist. It doesn't have to be.    Mr. Nahi. There are ways these companies can work together, there are ways that we can help the utilities adopt to a business model that would provide for more distributed generation. Right now, most of the distributed generation, not all but most, is done by third-party companies.    Mr. Nahi. There is no reason why the utilities themselves can't take a greater ownership and greater responsibility for putting on more of that distributed generation.