    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Visclosky, for your generosity.    I want to talk to you about the additional ground-based interceptor sites that you are looking at. One of the sites is in Ohio, which is in my congressional district. And so, if you could talk a little bit about both, you know, what is a suitable location for this system and then what is the timeline?    Mr. Ryan. And I guess, lastly, how does sequestration and all the other challenges that you have play into the decision-making process?    Mr. Ryan. So is there, because of the budget, no timeline? I mean, I know the early timeline with the environmental and all that.    Mr. Ryan. Yeah. This is a comment, Mr. Chairman, too, and maybe you have some advice for us, I know this is a closed hearing, but the average American sitting out there would not even think that some day in the very, very near future, that North Korea would have the capabilities to overwhelm our missile defense system. I just don't even think that is in their mind-set, which makes it even more difficult for us to try to make them aware of it without using information that is classified and without trying to scare people, but if you have any advice, because I know everyone on this committee really tries to get out and tries to make the case that these are important systems, and while we can't talk about all the details, this is our national security at stake.    So that is not really a question, I guess, but just a concern that I have, because we watch TV, we watch the movies and America wins in the end and we always come up with some really cute way of making it happen, and so people just think that that is how the world works, and I get concerned when we sit in these hearings and I see what the hollowing out, in a sense, of our capabilities. And I appreciate your service very much, and if you have any----    Mr. Ryan. I would be happy to yield, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you.    Mr. Ryan. I have a question. In your opinion, or can you help us understand our defense-industrial base capabilities as we talk about ramping this up or the wind down and sequestration and the damage that may have done to the supply chain Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, and what we maybe need to do better here to rebuild that if we lost some capacity? And, you know, also I get concerned with Berry amendment and specialty metals and our ability to supply all of these growing technological needs. Is there something that we need to be doing here from the defense-industrial base side?    Mr. Ryan. So those three companies and their supply chain, is that an primarily American----    Mr. Ryan . Supply chain?    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ryan. Just to follow up, you said for every dollar you spend on the renewables, you have saved?    Mr. Ryan. Saved 13 bucks.    Mr. Ryan. Nice.    First, thank you. These hearings are always very interesting and sometimes make me more anxious when I leave than when I come in. I think I am not alone in that.    So a couple of questions, one on the readiness piece, just to reiterate. Due to the fiscal year 2014 and 2015 funding levels, we obviously have been harmed with the readiness, but I want to make this point, because I think we have got to drive it home to the American people, because, quite frankly, I don't think it has penetrated the American psyche of how far along we are in this.    So the Army estimates that due to lost training opportunities dating back to fiscal year 2013 it will take the better part of a decade to return units to acceptable readiness levels, and that is if we have the President's request met. Is that----    General Odierno. That is correct.    Mr. Ryan. That is correct. So we are talking about a decade almost of being able just to keep up to speed when the threats are becoming more and more, and I think that is another thing. You know, the old line threats don't go offline. They are still there. We have hearings about missile defense and now we have all the different hot spots around the country that you gentlemen mentioned in Yemen now, with what is happening there, the Ukraine, Ebola. I mean, these things go on and on and on. They stay online, and then we continue to have the counterterrorism investments that we need to make and all the rest.    So to that point, we are in the third year of Asia-Pacific rebalance. We know that the Army is a big player in all this. So can you, General, provide us with an idea, what is the current picture, where does the Army stand in this rebalance, the rebasing actions, reassignments of units, missions, as well as increases or decreases in personnel in the Pacific Command area of responsibility? And then also the newer countries that we may be developing partnerships with along those lines.    General Odierno. So thank you, Congressman. So we have about 80,000, a little over 80,000 soldiers assigned to the Pacific Command. It is our largest operational command with assigned personnel. We have so far not degradated their capabilities.    The one thing we are doing this year is we are starting to rotate a brigade into Korea. Instead of having one permanently stationed, we will rotate a brigade from the United States there, which we think actually will increase the readiness and capability of the brigade as they rotate in, as well as aviation assets. So that is one change.    We have been able so far to do an operation called Pacific Pathways that has allowed us to reach out and build relationships with some really important partners. The last one we did was with Malaysia, Indonesia, and Japan. The next one we are looking at doing with some other nations within the region next year.    But if we do not get the funding, that will be one of the things that we are not allowed to do. As we reduce readiness, we will not be able to do these very important engagement exercises that is necessary, because we will have to focus almost all of our Pacific dollars on the Korean Peninsula because of the importance and near-term potential threat to our soldiers.    So that means that all the rest of the activities we have going in the Pacific region will have to reduce the activities, which I think is very unfortunate because of the importance of this as we continue to work and deal with a rising China and the rest of the activities we do to support the PACOM commanders directly associated with that.    In addition to that, we will probably have to reduce some of our capacity in the Pacific region as we go to full sequestration, and so that will be something we will have to do as well. So we will have less activity, we will reduce part of our capability that is there. And so for me, that will have an impact on our overall rebalance.    Mr. Ryan. Any new bases being established?    General Odierno. So one of the things that we are looking at is probably no new bases, but we are looking at prepositioning equipment. So, for example, we are looking at prepositioning humanitarian assistance sets because of the amount of humanitarian relief that we do almost every year. And the important part of that is that type of effort allows us to build new relationships.    It is interesting, Vietnam is reaching out to us actually and is potentially interested in maybe having some humanitarian equipment put there.    So these are all things that we want to continue to develop over time, which will help us to build influence and gain access throughout the region, but will be limited if we don't have the dollars to do it.    Mr. Ryan. Can you just give us a general sketch of where the 80,000 are?    Mr. Ryan. Great. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for your service.    I want to kind of go off what Mr. Womack was saying about this continuum of care. We sit in a committee hearing like this and we talk about defense health care, and then we will have another subcommittee that will talk about veterans health care. I want to understand better on how we can integrate the two and what the transitions are.    I was in a, I guess it was a workshop, a couple weeks ago in Ohio, it is called Project Welcome Home Troops, where they deal with trauma victims that are veterans, and there were men and women in there, multiple tours, lots of post-traumatic stress, military sexual trauma. So there was a lot going on there that those folks weren't accessing the VA.    And so I want to kind of understand, go back to the front end, if you can, somebody on the panel, can explain, what are the physical assessments that are done when you come into the military initially?    Mr. Ryan. What is the physical?    Mr. Ryan. Well, we will get to----    General Horoho. You are talking, sir, about right when they----    Mr. Ryan. As soon as they come in, yeah, physical evaluation. Health, body mass, blood pressure, whatever.    General Horoho. So they actually through our MEP stations, they look at the physical requirements, what their health history is, they do their weight. They have a behavioral health questionnaire.    The challenge with that is that it is self-disclosure. And DoD has been working aggressively over the last several years to see is there any tool out there that would allow for teasing out that information vice having someone self-disclose, because if they desire to come on Active Duty and they self-disclose, then they make themselves not acceptable to come in Active Duty depending on the type of illness.    So it is kind of Catch-22. So we haven't found a tool that allows us to tease that out without having the input from our soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines. There also isn't a national electronic health system that you could go into that record and look at that. So one of the questions was is we could look at the children of prior servicemembers, but then do you disadvantage them, because we have their electronic health record where we could pull the behavior health, but they are going to then be at a disadvantage for those that are recruits across the United States. So that has been another area in which we have looked at.    And so we have a different entry criteria for your weight, so you can be weighing more than what you can for meeting the retention on Active Duty, but once they go to basic, then we work to get them into compliance.    Mr. Ryan. So just not to get very elementary here, but push-ups, sit-ups, run a mile?    General Horoho. Once they come on Active Duty then they have that criteria.    Mr. Ryan. Once they get on Active Duty.    General Horoho. But prior to, it really is to see are you physically and mentally fit and do you have any legal issues or ethical issues that would preclude you from serving in our armed forces.    Mr. Ryan. I will come back to this, I guess, in the second round of questions if we have a second round of questions.    So the next question is through the transition. So you are done now. You did one, two, three, four, five tours. Those people who I was with a few weeks ago somehow slipped through the cracks, and I think we all have to take some responsibility for this when there are 22 suicides a day for veterans.    So can you walk me through what the transition is? So I am done, checked my gun, my uniform, I am ready to go home. What is the transition for me as I move out? I know there is a difference if you sense some kind of post-traumatic stress or TBI, that may put you on one track, but just for the average person who you don't notice anything, is there a transition out of the military that we have in place?    Mr. Ryan. Yeah. And I----    Mr. Ryan. Are you saying he is more important than me, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Ryan. He is the chairman of the subcommittee that I sit on.    I just make the last point and then I will come back. I mean, I think we have got to think through, because I have talked to men and women who have gone through this, and they lie. They say, yeah, I am fine. They know you are going to ask about sleep, they know you are going to ask about do they have thoughts about killing themselves, they know what the questioning is going to be, and they mislead in the transition out. They have told me this. And then 6 months later those symptoms are much, much worse than they were when they were actually just kind of fudging, and it got worse and then here we are. They don't want to access the VA, and now we are stuck.    So I want to talk in the next round about what kind of better transition, not just the questioning, but is there a program, doesn't have to be long, but is there something we can put everybody through to help reduce this great challenge that we all have.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ryan. Reclaiming my time.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to quickly get back to the mental health baseline. Congressman Glenn Thompson and I, in a bipartisan effort, we have the Military Evaluation Parity bill that we are pushing that has a lot of support from the VFW, National Guard, Military Officers Association, American Psychological Association, to help create more of a baseline. And I just wondered if we could get your help and support on that. If anyone wants to comment on that.    General Travis. Just a comment. I think you have to make sure that the effort is targeted right. We are all short of mental health providers. We strive to keep them, but the demand on the outside for what the whole Nation is short of certainly draws them away from the military sometimes. So the bang for the buck has to be there in what is now already a very short career field. That is what I would say, sir.    Mr. Ryan. So you are saying we don't have the manpower to properly----    General Travis. No, sir. I think we just have to make sure we use it appropriately. For example, the annual face-to-face mental health evaluations may not be able to be done by a mental health professional. And you can do that face-to-face with another provider assuming you target it right. And we are working, all of us are working on meeting the NDAA's requirement for that annual face-to-face mental health assessment. It may not be able to be done by a mental health provider.    So I am just, I guess, generally characterizing what is a very stressed career field already when you think about it, and we are involved in sexual assault prevention, very clearly.    Mr. Ryan. Yeah.    General Travis. We are involved in suicide prevention, very clearly. We are embedding in our operational units where the stresses are high. We have all talked about that. It is making a difference and we are preventing suicides, or everything short of suicide, things like domestic abuse, alcohol or drug abuse. There is a whole spectrum of badness out there short of suicide.    And so our mental health providers are very, very occupied, is what I would tell you. So I think what you are aiming for is very laudable. We just have to make sure it is targeted right. And then it is up to us to execute it. We all want the same thing.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you. That is helpful.    General Horoho, did I hear you say 70 percent of the healthcare costs are obesity related?    General Horoho. Seventy percent of the demand on the healthcare system are related to diseases that have a relationship to obesity.    Mr. Ryan. Right. Okay. That is a stunning number. But I know in one aspect with Ms. Kaptur's question when you talked about some of the alternative approaches for mental health promotion with the mindfulness and the yoga and the different approaches, I think to me that is the future of health care, that is how we save money, that is how we keep people healthy early on, prevention, so on, so forth.    Talk to me about nutrition, because this to me seems like a very straight shot. If 70 percent of the costs are coming from obesity, to me that is diet and nutrition. We don't need to get into pharmaceuticals, the costs of type 2 diabetes drives this cost up tremendously for us. And I think we are in a scenario here where I think we can play some offense. I know there is a Healthy Base Initiative, and we are working with Senator Mikulski a lot on that. I know she has been spearheading that.    So what more can we do from a nutrition standpoint? I have walked onto a battleship and I went into where they eat lunch, and it is not good food that was--not healthy food, anyway--that was sitting there. So help.    General Horoho. So I think the cultural mindset is that looking at food as medicine.    Mr. Ryan. Yeah.    General Horoho. And really looking at how do we improve health literacy. Because I believe if people understand the why, they will make better choices. And we are not at all talking diets, nor have we talked diets in the last 3\1/2\ years, but it is really providing your own personal health data and information, and then providing the right structure and environment to be able to do that.    So the nutrition is a key component of our Performance Triad, which focuses on sleep, activity, nutrition. And nutrition also focuses on tobacco cessation. So it is really anything you put in your mouth, if you think of the nutritional aspect.    Across our facilities we have labeled food now of high performance, low performance, and moderate performance, so that they understand the impact of what they are about to eat on their overall performance and health. We have reconfigured some of our dining facilities, and what we found is that if you move your dessert bar from being the first thing that you see walking in and you put a salad bar there and you put the dessert bar in the back, we have seen actually a 50 percent reduction on the purchasing of desserts and a 36 percent increase on the purchasing of salads and other healthy nutrition.    Fort Campbell is a great example where they brought in the young children and they have a health garden, and so the Girl Scouts actually grow vegetables in that, and they do it from an education. And then they have taken sodas out of their dining facility. And just in a short amount of time they actually decreased 6,000 pounds of sugar being consumed in a very short amount of time, but they replaced it with different healthy waters.    And so I think when we look at this, a couple things, I think, from a Nation, we need to look at what we are providing in our school system. I think from a military perspective we need to look at how do we have better partnerships with the fast food industry so that if you buy something that is healthy it is at the same cost as something that was unhealthy and we make it easier for our servicemembers to be able to make those types of decisions.    Mr. Ryan. Mr. Chairman, I think this is a significant opportunity for us.    Mr. Ryan. Well, you know----    Mr. Ryan. Mr. Chairman, this is an opportunity for us. We sometimes think we want to talk about compounding pharmaceuticals and all. It is about food. It is about some of the basic stuff.    So I am thrilled that you are into it, and look forward to working with you. And that group of people that still go to the dessert no matter where you put it, Mr. Visclosky falls into that category. I just want all of you to know that.    Mr. Ryan. Thank you.