    Mr. Bucshon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First of all, I would like to associate myself with the unanimous comments of our expert panel in recommending that parents get their children immunized to prevent childhood diseases. All my children are immunized.    Based on the testimony we have heard today, it seems like we could have had a monovalent vaccine available by maybe December, and if that is true, Dr. Schuchat, do you lack the authority to make that happen in that way, because through the testimony, I think a lot of members have asked what can we do to help, but for us, for Congress, to help, we have to have a specific thing to help with. So is there new authority or any other authority that would be helpful to make this happen?    Mr. Bucshon. OK. As a healthcare provider, I know that, you know, liability is a significant issue in our American healthcare system, and not only physician malpractice, but product liability is a substantial issue, I know, that has an effect on the healthcare industry. Anyone can comment on this. Do product liability issues affect our ability to act in a more nimble way when it comes to vaccines, because you do have private companies that produce these. And so let us start with that and then I will spearhead off from there.    Mr. Bucshon. OK. Thanks for clarifying that, and I think that is important to understand.    Dr. Midthun, from the FDA's standpoint, is there--how do I want to say this--a risk-averse regulatory process? It seems like at the FDA, you know, over a number of years--but for a variety of reasons have--I think been, in my view, sometimes overly cautious with new products or changing quickly. Do you see that as an issue, you know, and that comes into the liability issue again, is there resistance or reluctance to quickly move based on the concern about these type of things?    Mr. Bucshon. Great. That is good to hear.    There is a recent CDC study that looked at clinician practices on patients that come to the emergency room with--and the data is striking, only 16 percent of patients with laboratory-confirmed influenza were prescribed antiviral drugs.    So the first question I have, do they work? Do the antiviral drugs work?    Mr. Bucshon. So they----    Mr. Bucshon. Short answer, they do work, because I am running out of time.    Mr. Bucshon. Because surprisingly, 30 percent of the patients with laboratory-confirmed influenza were--30 percent were prescribed one of three common antibiotics, which are for bacteria, not viruses. Is there anything that we can do to better, you know, as a physician, better make the, you know, change that practice? Maybe Dr. Fauci can answer that.    Mr. Bucshon. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.