    Mr. Wexler. Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, members of the committee, thank you very much for your warm welcome.    Israel is often coined the ``Start-Up Nation,'' highlighting the Jewish State's economic miracle and technological and scientific achievements. Just as remarkable is another defining characteristic: Against all odds, Israeli military forces have successfully defended against an onslaught of hostile forces since 1948.    For those of us who are Zionists, the unprecedented security collaboration between the United States and Israel is a source of tremendous pride. The joint development of missile defense technologies, all-time-high intelligence-sharing, historic military training exercises, and the recent delivery of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter all demonstrate the unbreakable bond between us and Israel.    American administrations and Congress after Congress have ensured Israel's qualitative military advantage. Israel's defense and intelligence coordination with Egypt and Jordan is unprecedented.    Despite these positive developments, the Middle East Quartet report that was released last week asserted that the policies of both Israelis and Palestinians have distanced a two-state outcome, creating a dynamic in which a one-state reality has taken root.    The Quartet calls on the Palestinian Authority to stop incitement of violence, bolster efforts to prevent terrorism, and, importantly, condemn attacks against Israelis. Likewise, the Quartet calls on Israel to cease settlement expansion, transfer civilian authority to the PA in Area C of the West Bank, and bluntly questions Israel's long-term intentions.    With this backdrop of despair and lack of trust on both sides, a stunning development has occurred. The most compelling group now advocating for a two-state solution is the Israel security establishment.    Two weeks ago, a group of over 200 retired generals or equivalent rank from the Israeli Defense Forces, Mossad, Shin Bet, and Israel Police redirected the political discourse. Boldly, Israel's most patriotic soldiers cast aside the question of whether Israel does or does not have a genuine partner for peace. Rather, these security giants demand that Israel once again determine her own destiny.    The Israeli plan, labeled ``Security First,'' assumes a two-state final status arrangement is not currently feasible. It is impossible to eradicate terrorism through force alone. Continuation of the diplomatic impasse will lead to further violence. And Israel is strong enough to offer an independent initiative that combines security, civil, economic, and political measures.    In the security realm, the IDF will remain deployed in the West Bank until a final status arrangement is reached, and the security fence will be completed, enhancing security within the Green Line and for 80 percent of Israelis living in the West Bank.    In the civil-economic realm, the welfare of Palestinians will be improved by establishing an international fund to rehabilitate Palestinian communities and increasing work permits.    Importantly, the Knesset should pass an evacuation compensation law, encouraging settlers now living east of the security fence, outside the security fence, to relocate west of the fence. What an impactful message that would send about Israel intentions.    In the political realm, Israel should accept the Arab Peace Initiative with adjustments to accommodate Israel's security and demographic needs as a basis for negotiations; acknowledge that Palestinian neighborhoods of east Jerusalem will be part of the future Palestinian state; and implement a freeze on settlement expansion east of the security fence, like Dr. Pollock mentioned.    In Gaza, reconciliation with Turkey is an important opportunity to hold the ceasefire, address humanitarian needs, and promote economic development, including a seaport subject to Israeli security and PA control.    Mr. Chairman, why have Israel's most decorated security officials grown frustrated with their own government's lack of initiative? Israel's top military minds have come to understand the inescapable truth that the creation of a demilitarized Palestinian state is not a gift to the Palestinians; rather, it is the only way Israel will remain a Jewish and democratic state.    In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, demographic trends clarify the need for separation. The Jewish population from the Mediterranean Sea to the Jordan River is now 52 percent. In 2020, it will be 49 percent; in 2030, only 44 percent Jewish. Separation into two states, following the Security First plan, is essential for Israel to remain a democratic, Jewish-majority state.    Thank you.    Mr. Wexler. Mr. Engel raises an important point. President Abbas presents a mixed bag at best. And he is responsible, ultimately, for all of the atrocities that have been outlined this morning. But there is also another aspect, which is that the collaboration between the PA and Israel is, in fact, quite substantial.    Now, Abbas isn't collaborating with the Israel security forces because he has become a Zionist. Just the opposite. He is collaborating because it is in his best interest to do so. Why? Because if he didn't, the more extreme guys, Hamas--and now there are even more extreme guys than Hamas--would threaten the relative stability in the West Bank.    So, to your point, Congressman Engel, if the PA were to collapse, what we are likely to see is not a more democratic regime, unfortunately. The gap is likely to be filled by an even more extreme bunch.    But let's also be fair, if we may. Condemnations of President Abbas are fair, they are legitimate, again, outlined this morning. But everyone here needs to understand what it takes in order to have an election in the Palestinian Authority. You need three approvals. The PA has to approve. Israel has to approve, because you can't hold an election in Jerusalem without Israeli approval. And you have to have Hamas to approve because you can't have votes in Gaza, unfortunately, without them.    So I am not casting judgment, but we need to be realistic about the enormous process that would need to be undertaken in order to actually have an election under the current circumstances in the Palestinian territories. You need those three actors to agree to some type of election administration.    Mr. Wexler. If I may, directly to the point, but also to the broader, I think, aim of this committee and to each and every member of the committee, which is ultimately assist the parties to create a dynamic in which a two-state outcome is feasible--a homeland for the Palestinian state and a demilitarized Palestinian state, and a Jewish homeland in a democratic Israel.    Now, rightfully, the chairman and this committee is focused on terrorism and payments and the like. But I can tell you, this document that was prepared by 200-plus Israeli generals, these guys are not doves. And what they will say first is, yes, go after incitement, yes, go after terrorism, yes, do all the things that you are talking about today, but you are still not going to resolve or even begin to resolve the problem.    And to resolve this problem, it is going to have to be multifaceted, and it is going to have to address the incitements on all side. And I am not creating a relativity between terrorism and building houses. I am not doing that. There is no relativity about terrorism. But we also need to understand that, from a Palestinian perspective, Israel occupies the West Bank. And I don't say the term ``occupation'' in the politically loaded way. They control it. But when that control is exerted, oftentimes for very legitimate reasons, there are counter-reactions.    And we need to understand that if we want to help the parties we need to address all aspects of that conflict--economic, political, and also people to people, much of what has been discussed. Should security be first? Yes, of course it should. Should terrorism and payments to terrorists be completely not tolerated? Of course. But just to address that, we shouldn't be so unrealistic or naive to think that terrorism is going to be somehow mitigated.    Mr. Wexler. Of course they do. How could they not?    And not only are they destructive, as everyone has described, in terms of the implications for individuals, but they are also destructive in terms of its implication for the two societies. Why should the Israelis ever believe that they have a genuine partner for peace when the other side is encouraging the type of behavior that is being discussed? And, likewise, if you are a 12-, 13-, 14-year-old young Palestinian boy and you see the type of behavior that is encouraged on your side, what disincentive is there to go and repeat those kinds of atrocities?    But, if I may, and not, again, to create any relative type of comparison, but that is why those of us who care so deeply about the security and the well-being of Israel need to make certain that Israel takes independent initiatives on its own behalf to control its own destiny, quite frankly, not wait for the partner to emerge that we all hope would emerge.    And that is the kind of behavior that, ultimately, as it stands, will actually create a dynamic that might possibly, if the Palestinian leadership wants to become more reasonable, will be able to do so.    Mr. Wexler. No, I--oh, I am sorry.    Mr. Wexler. If I may?    Obviously, I don't speak for Dr. Pollock, but, actually, I think we have been talking on the same tune. What we have talked about is the security fence that Israel, in my humble opinion, rightfully built after the last round of intifada. And, unfortunately, for political reasons, they haven't completed the fence, but that is a whole other story.    What Dr. Pollock and I have said is, beyond that security fence, meaning east of the security fence--and the route of the security fence was created by the Israeli Government--that the Israelis should stop building beyond that fence. Because, for all practical purposes, based on an Israeli action, the likelihood that that land would ever become a part of an Israeli state in a negotiated outcome is probably zero percent. So why exacerbate--why create even additional problems?    Dr. Pollock, I think, talked about a tradeoff. What he said was, in return for the Israeli Government saying they would not and, in fact, not building beyond the fence--he talked about a tradeoff--then America shouldn't criticize settlement building within the fence. And I think that is a legitimate point.    But settlements don't occur in a vacuum, or building doesn't occur in a vacuum. You have to put all the issues before the people. But if you did that kind of action, if the Israelis did that kind of action, their international legitimacy for those that are at least objective would go sky-high. Because you wouldn't be able to just criticize the Israeli Government in a wholehearted way without recognizing the fact that they have taken an important initial step.    Mr. Wexler. It is not my opinion; it is the policy of the Israel Government at successive stages where they were diametrically opposed to certain steps that might have led to a destructive position for the PA.    No one has a greater stake in the success of the Palestinian Authority and, more importantly, a greater stake in the bolstering of moderate forces or, at least, of the group, the most moderate forces, than Israel. If the Palestinian Authority crashes, one of two things is most likely to happen: Hamas or even more extreme elements take control, or the Israelis have to step in even with greater strength. Either result is a disaster for Israel.    Mr. Wexler. Sure. It has been that way through Labor governments, Likud governments, Kadima governments, because it is, quite frankly, so obvious. They need the Palestinian moderate forces to be successful.    Now, some could argue, when they had that opportunity under Prime Minister Fayyad, who was, you know, in most respects, from an American and Israeli perspective, the best thing that came along----    Mr. Wexler. That is right.    Mr. Wexler. Yes. And we didn't do enough, none of us, to push his agenda----    Mr. Wexler . Quite frankly.    Mr. Wexler. Yeah. I don't want to politicize this needlessly. Their concern is not addressed about the government. Their concern is about the policy. Their concern--these are generals. For the most part, almost all of them are not politicians. And what they have put forth is a multifaceted set of policies that will help address the security quagmire that Israel finds itself in.    The first assumption they make, quite frankly, is that the question of whether or not there is a genuine partner for peace for Israel, they don't care about it. Not because they don't want there to be a genuine partner. What they are saying is, if we wait forever for Abbas or his successors to do the right thing, in the meantime we are going to be compromised; our interests, Israeli interests, are going to be compromised.    So what they are saying to their own government, to their own people is: These are the 12, 18 steps we could take on our own, because, thank goodness, we are strong enough, and will enhance our position rather than detract from it. That is what they are saying.    It is not a condemnation or an applause for the government. What they are saying is the status quo, the way it remains, if we do nothing, we will actually compromise Israel's Jewishness, its Jewish majority; its democratic nature is in question, and its international standing is constantly badgered.    Now, for a lot of reasons, that badgering and that criticism is totally illegitimate. But what these security commanders are saying is, if we are going to be strategic, let's at least put forth an international position that allows us to enhance our international relationships, as opposed to constantly being on the defensive.    Mr. Wexler. Yeah, 100 percent. You had me totally, Congressman Weber, until you said kick out Hamas. I agreed with every word you said. That may trouble you, but I agreed with every word you said.    Mr. Wexler. No, I am all----    Mr. Wexler. I am all for kicking out Hamas, but we need to understand the reality. The reality is the PA doesn't have an army. The reality is the strongest army in the region, thank goodness, is the Israeli Army. They haven't been able to kick out Hamas, unfortunately.    So when we say kick out Hamas and you say the PA should doing that, with what weapons? They don't have them. Now, I don't want to give them the kind of weapons that would be required to kick out Hamas.    But what we also respectfully need to understand, as much as you disdain Hamas, hate Hamas, as much as I disdain them and hate them, as much as the Israelis disdain them and hate them, Abbas hates them even more than you and me.    Mr. Wexler. No.    Mr. Wexler. No. No. I wouldn't go that far. Hamas is a despicable terrorist organization that is designed to destroy the state of Israel. If I could stamp them out tomorrow, if I had the power to do it, I would do it.    Mr. Wexler. No. You are right. But here is the problem. Every 2 years--I used to do it too--we would run commercials and send out leaflets. I imagine in November you will send out--in October, you will send out a whole bunch of stuff, what Congressman Weber has achieved these last 2 years.    So if you are a Palestinian and you are taking a look as to, well, which brand of leadership am I in favor of--Abbas' leadership? He talks about negotiating or--even though he doesn't do it--he talks about a peaceful resistance. And the Palestinian people look at it, even if they are inclined to believe, and they say, what has that bought me for the last 30 years? They don't like it. Whether they are right or wrong, I don't know, but they don't like it.    They look at Hamas and their absolutely atrocious behavior--guess who causes the Israeli Government to make a prisoner swap where they give up thousands for two? Hamas, not the Palestinian Authority. So, unfortunately, what the Palestinian Authority see is they see that this terrorist group, in certain ways, from their completely distorted, horrific logic, is more effective in representing their interests than the more moderate Palestinian leadership.    What we have to do, respectfully, is encourage our friends--Israelis, Arabs, everybody, and Palestinians--to support and bolster the moderate strain so that they have a commercial to run.    Mr. Wexler. Thank you, Congresswoman Frankel.    This is part of the problem. Time is arguably on the Palestinian side, not on the Israeli side.    If you boil this conflict down--and I don't mean to be simplistic, but--there are three major components, essentially, at least from an Israeli perspective: Land, democracy, and Jewish majority.    The unfortunate reality is Israel gets to pick two of those three. They don't get to pick three. If they take all the land from the Mediterranean to the Jordan River, if they take a great bulk of the West Bank, they are going to either lose their Jewish majority or their democratic nature, which for most of us would be tragic.    So Israel has to choose between two of those three categories. And what the commanders are choosing, what I hope our allies would help create a dynamic in which Israel feels secure enough, strong enough to choose, is a resolution in which their Jewish nature is assured, their democratic nature is assured, and that they get international borders finally.    Israel does not have internationally recognized borders. They need internationally recognized borders that are, in fact, defensible. And that is what the Israeli security establishment is so concerned about. They want to get about the job of protecting Israel. But today that job is so much more difficult because Israel doesn't have internationally recognized borders. And the key component is to create them so that Israel can maintain its Jewish majority and its democratic nature.    Mr. Wexler. I don't know if I object or I support it. I certainly support the intention. But, if I may, let's say you pass your legislation, let's say it is implemented and UNRWA and Gaza closes up----    Mr. Wexler. Well----    Mr. Wexler. I get it. And we pay a disproportionate amount of UNRWA dollars based on the U.N. formula. So when your legislation is successful and UNRWA no longer can implement the programs it implements in Gaza, the ones you are objecting to, rightfully so, who is going to run the sewer plant, the one that is already pushing sewage into the sea that not only destroys the Palestinian coast but the Israeli coast? What are those children going to do----    Mr. Wexler. Okay. All right. All right.    Mr. Wexler. Totally agree with you.    Mr. Wexler. But let's also be realistic. The people with the knives, thank goodness, are not coming from Gaza. Gaza is essentially walled off to Israel. The people with the knives are coming from the West Bank. So what you do in Gaza is not going to prevent the people with the knives.    If you want to prevent the people with the knives, I would respectfully suggest the Israeli Government should complete the security fence and create borders that----    Mr. Wexler. Yes.    Mr. Wexler. And I am deeply troubled by it.    Mr. Wexler. Yeah.    Mr. Wexler. Yes.    Mr. Wexler. Yes.    Mr. Wexler. That is right. Yes.    Mr. Wexler. And all I would suggest is, if you are going to do that--which, obviously, your bill stands for that--then at least have round two figured out on how you are going to achieve your purpose, which is minimize terrorism, not enhance it.    So, yes, if you are taking that first step, which may be very legitimate, figure out step two, which is, as the followup, how are you actually reducing terrorism as opposed to creating an even greater incentive.    Mr. Wexler. And, if I may, I couldn't agree with you more. And I would just respectfully suggest that, before you reach your ultimate conclusion, you sit down with our Egyptian allies and our Israeli allies and our Jordanian allies and ask them what their suggestions would be for round two to make sure you don't make the----    Mr. Wexler. Principally----    Mr. Wexler. No, it is not that simple.    Mr. Wexler. No, it isn't.    Mr. Wexler. Yeah.    Mr. Wexler. Then close it. And----    Mr. Wexler. Because my fear--my fear is that when we take actions like the one you are describing, which are totally justifiable based on the facts of what is occurring, that, in effect, we are rewarding the terrorist inclinations amongst their society as opposed to the more pragmatic ones.    Mr. Wexler. Remember--hold on.    Mr. Wexler. No.    Mr. Wexler. Not fair, sir. My philosophy----    Mr. Wexler. My philosophy is the philosophy of the Mossad. My philosophy is the philosophy of the Shin Bet----    Mr. Wexler . The roughest Israeli fighters.    Mr. Wexler. Who is----    Mr. Wexler. You are correct.    Mr. Wexler. Sir----    Mr. Wexler. With all due respect, Israel was suffering from suicide bombs every week, blowing themselves up left and right, under Prime Minister Sharon. What was his primary response? He built the wall that was highly controversial internationally--the Palestinians opposed to it, most of the international operators opposed to it. But Sharon went and built the wall. And guess what? Israel, to the degree--again, it is relative--defeated the intifada, in great part because of that wall.    So, with all due respect----    Mr. Wexler . You can't say a wall won't help. It does help----    Mr. Wexler . Greatly. In fact----    Mr. Wexler. You are correct. It won't.    Mr. Wexler. It won't solve the problem.an office here in Washington, DC. Does that not seem like a reasonable compromise?    Mr. Wexler. It is. It is reasonable.    Mr. Wexler. Because I would just simply ask the question, the day after you close it, have you benefited Hamas and the more extreme elements, or have you changed the behavior and sent a message?    Mr. Wexler. I think you raise a very valid point. Neutrality by the United States with respect to Israel and its neighbors would be catastrophic. It would be catastrophic for Israel, it would be catastrophic for America.    Quite frankly, I have never understood the term ``honest broker.'' I don't understand why we Americans would ever even suggest that Americais an honest broker. We are a strong ally of Israel because of shared values, because of democratic values, because of a whole host of moral, ethical, common ties. And the fact that Israel is our closest ally in the Middle East, it would be catastrophic if the world perceived that we moved even slightly away from that very strong position.    And what is even stronger is events like what occurred 2 weeks ago, where the Israeli military establishment--I think they were in Texas, or I forget where--where the F-35 Strike Fighter plane was delivered effectively to Israel, rightfully so. And they are the only country in the region that has that next-generation American technology.    That sends the right message both to Israel's opponents and also to our other allies in the region, our Arab allies and elsewise, to encourage them to engage more substantially with Israel.    Mr. Wexler. My understanding is that, unfortunately, they have not achieved any dramatic reduction in the incitement contained in the textbooks. My understanding is there have been certain changes made that are moving in the right direction, but I don't think anyone here would categorize those as even nearly sufficient enough.    Mr. Wexler. The payments to the terrorists and their families are indefensible. A policy for peace, though, is also what we have done relatively successfully in terms of training Palestinian security forces, which today are the forces that work with the Israeli Government to maintain a greater degree of security in the West Bank.    Mr. Wexler. If I may, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Wexler. I think the proper construct is this. And your point is excellent. From 1948 until the Israeli-Egyptian Peace Treaty, the entire focus of the region was regional war against Israel. When Israel made peace with Egypt, the prospect of regional war diminished substantially. When Jordan and Israel made peace in 1993-1994, the likelihood of regional war essentially was extinguished.    With the Arab Peace Initiative, I think both Dr. Pollock and Mr. Carmon are correct, but I don't think that should be the ultimate message. Yes, skepticism; yes, look at the fine print, and it is not where it needs to be. But with the advent of the Arab Peace Initiative, we went from the reality of regional war against Israel to the prospect--in its infancy, admittedly--the prospect of regional peace.    Now, where I would beg to differ with Mr. Carmon is, in looking at the language of the right of return in the Arab Peace Initiative, is it where Israel would need it to be to ultimately agree? Of course not. But the actual language is ``just and agreed.'' And the Arab position--and I am not suggesting we accept it, but the Arab position is that, by adding the word ``agreed,'' they were recognizing that there would be no right of return unless Israel agreed. And, of course, Israel would never agree to hundreds of thousands of Palestinians coming into Israel, so, therefore, they were making a concession.    Whether it is true or not is not the point. The point is it is an opening. It is an opening that should be explored.    And, with all due respect, saying that we know that the Arab Peace Initiative is not amendable or not changeable--well, we know it is, because they came a year and a half ago or 2 years ago and made a change, in terms of they went from ``1967 lines'' to ``1967 lines with limited territorial swaps.'' Again, not where the Israelis need to be, but movement in the correct direction.    Mr. Wexler. Well, first, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for what I think has been a terrific discussion, and thank you for doing it.    On the funding question itself, I think we must reiterate, though, that the State Department did, if I understand it correctly, cut $80 million in Fiscal Year 2015 to the Palestinian Authority. So maybe--not ``maybe''--if this committee wants to achieve its purpose, then it needs to broaden the universe in which our funding is not allowed to go ultimately, one way or another, and maybe there is language that can accomplish that purpose.    There is no representative of the Palestinian Government here, and I am surely the furthest thing from it. However--and we rightfully condemn their heinous actions. This is a good example, in terms of the funding.    But on the right of return, this record would be incomplete if it did not include the fact that Mr. Abbas, President Abbas, when asked--his hometown is Safed, if I understand it correctly. And when he was asked on a public show whether his intention was to return to his hometown, he said, ``Yes, as a visitor. And I understand I won't live there forever.'' And then I understand, afterward, he dialed it back and made it in language that might be more agreeable to many in his own population.    I am not trying to color it one way or the other. The point I am only trying to make is these are questions of degree. As unsatisfactory as they are, they need to be negotiated at the negotiation table.    And I would close with this. Our ultimate goal should be to create a dynamic in which the Israelis and the Palestinians can agree to a two-state outcome. In the interim, we should encourage those independent steps that preserve the likelihood or the ability to achieve a two-state outcome when the politics of the region allow those two groups to get there.