    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Graber, for your testimony. Is it the practice of the Department of Justice to send one person to a hearing like this?    Mr. Bishop. It just seems to me that the gravity, the weight of what we are talking about today would require that you would send some of your folks over. It is frustrating to sit here and hear ``I do not know'' over and over and over again on questions that, very frankly, should be answered, you know, off the top of your head. On some of these issues I am sure there are folks that have direct understanding and knowledge of these issues, and it is frightening as a citizen to sit here. It is angering as a Member to sit here and hear this banter back and forth and hear very important questions, and not get specific answers. The answer should never be ``I do not know.''    I noted in your testimony, and as a former prosecutor myself, I consider this laudable because I do believe that prosecutors have a responsibility to stand up on behalf of victims. You indicated in your testimony that the DOJ was securing relief that ``likely could not have been ordered by the court even if the government had prevailed at trial.'' Was that your statement?    Mr. Bishop. I think that is wonderful that the Department of Justice has that kind of resolute interest in making sure they secure, you know, the proper level of relief for each one of its consumers. But does that not scare you a little bit or should it not scare us a little bit to think that the Department of Justice has that ability to secure that kind of justice outside the court system over and beyond what we would have at trial, for example?    Mr. Bishop. It is not unusual for the DOJ to have more authority than someone else would have in a regular court proceeding?    Mr. Bishop. So it is the very threat of the DOJ, the heavy hand of government, to come in that could probably extract a better concession, a better settlement than you could in court. I mean, that is a rather imposing threat to level on someone, is it not?    Mr. Bishop. All right. The Bank of America settlement, just switching gears here. The Bank of America settlement requires the bank to set aside $490 million to cover potential consumer tax liability. Was that something that the DOJ suggested?    Mr. Bishop. Did the DOJ also want a similar provision in the Citi settlement, which was concluded I think just before that, a month earlier?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, sir. Yield back.