    Mr. McCaul. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, Section 1, 2 and 3 of the Atomic Energy Act, as you know, requires that all significant U.S. nuclear cooperation agreements must be approved by both houses of Congress.    Last year, Congress approved two such agreements, one with South Korea and the other one with Great Britain, who are our allies. However, in this case, when we are dealing with the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism, the position of this administration is that that should not be subject to approval by the United States Congress.    I don't quite understand that distinction. Can you explain that to me?    Mr. McCaul. And my time is limited, and I appreciate what you are saying. I just think we are treating our allies different from a state sponsor of terror and I think that the American people, through its representatives, should be weighing in this deal. But I know we disagree on that point.    ICBMs--this concerns me greatly. There has been no--this has been off the table, not part of the discussions at all, and the intelligence community and the Pentagon in its annual report on military power of Iran have noted that by--as early as 2015 of this year they may have ICBM technology--missile ranges that could potentially reach as far as the United States of America.    And then the Ayatollah, the Supreme Leader, says that to limit this program would be a stupid idiotic expectation and that the Revolutionary Guard should definitely carry out their program and should mass produce.    Why in the world isn't this on the table and does that not concern you about their intent here?    Mr. McCaul. Well, because that is the delivery device for a nuclear warhead.    Mr. McCaul. And so they are not backing down on that, which kind of makes me question, you know, their whole good faith analysis here. You know, if I could just say, when I read their own words, President Rouhani, who you say is taking a different tack and trying to be a peacemaker here, says that in Geneva agreement world powers surrendered to the Iranian nation's will, and that is in his words.    And then, you know, they said that the centrifuges were spinning and will never stop. When Prime Minister Netanyahu gave his speech at the joint session of Congress, Iran was they were blowing up a mock of the USS Nimitz in the Red Sea, simultaneously.    I question the good faith here. You have an extraordinary challenge, sir, and I wish you all the best. But I cannot--I just have to question the good faith on the part of Iran.