    Mr. Pocan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I also want to thank you for holding this hearing. Let me just add to the echo, Ms. Merriweather, congratulations and thank you for sharing your story. I think your story is what makes a teacher proud they chose the profession they chose, and it is a testament to what good teachers and small class sizes can do, so thank you for sharing that.    However, unlike Mr. Messer, I think I have a little different experience when it comes to taxpayer funded voucher programs. I spent 14 years in the Wisconsin legislature. I was not around for the creation of the program, but I was around for 14 years of the growth of the program.    Let me just kind of share my perspective of how things worked in Wisconsin. When we first started the program, we had money going to schools where the person who ran the school said he could put his hand on a book and read it. We had money going to schools where they bought Cadillacs with the money for administrators for the program.    From there, some accountability standards came in, but as Ms. Fudge brought out, there is still a problem with accountability and records.    I went to South Division High School in Milwaukee, a public school, with a low graduation rate of about 50 percent, but when a student came from one of these taxpayer funded voucher schools, there there was absolutely no records that came with them, so you were starting with a blank slate, so while there may be freedom for that school, there is no accountability or anything for the student who is trying to go to that high school and how to place that person. That is part of the records that we had.    When I look at the Wisconsin experience, those schools can select their students. We had a real controversy especially with students with disabilities. The American Legislative Exchange Council, which is a corporate bill mill that puts out all these different bills, had a special needs scholarship bill--- sounds just like what North Carolina passed - every disability group in the state opposed it because they know what is going to happen: more dollars will leave the public school system and go to private schools, and only a few children will benefit from that, but in general, the public schools are going to be left with some of the tougher kids, which costs more for the system, and ultimately that hurts public education even more.    They lacked the accountability that I mentioned. We had schools shut down. In Wisconsin alone, we had schools shut down literally overnight that took taxpayer money, and that cost to the taxpayers was about $176 million in the State of Wisconsin. That is the experience that we had.    Ultimately, it diverted resources from our public school system, and it is the government's responsibility to make sure children have access to that opportunity of education.    That was our experience. And then, I remember when Governor Pence came before this committee and I asked him about the rollout in Indiana. I think he said somewhere between 40 and 50 percent of the kids who came into the program already attended a private school.    In Wisconsin, the last expansion we had, 79 percent of the people already attended a private school who went into that program.    That is not so much about education policy, that is really kind of like a tax policy. I guess my question to Dr. Huerta especially, my experience that I am offering from my state, how different, are we the anomaly compared to these other states' experiences, and can you just tell me how that helps public education?    Mr. Pocan. Thank you. I only have 12 seconds. Mr. Robinson, if you get a chance, because you have had the experience in Wisconsin, give some of those issues that are brought up, really the lack of accountability, the problem when they transfer to a public school, the problem with the children being cherry picked. I would just love to hear you address some of those because I do think those are real valid concerns that I experienced in my home state.