    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I also want to join my colleagues in thanking you for your leadership on this issue. It is a very difficult one and one on which the Congress has worked for a long time, and I hope that with your leadership and that of the ranking member, we will continue to make some progress this year. There were a number of obstacles listed by both the chairman and the ranking member as to why acquisition reform has proven so difficult.    One that was omitted, I believe, was the influence of the defense contractors themselves. We know that in 2014, which is the last year for which we have full data, they spent $70 million to influence the decisions that lawmakers make, and I think that is a factor. I don't know how large a factor. We can measure what they spent. I don't know what its effect is on the ultimate decisions, but it is a factor, and I think that needs to be included in the calculus for reform. And I would link campaign finance reform to military acquisition reform. I think those two things are important, and I would welcome any comments on that.    However, I would like to ask a question about a different area, and it gets back to another issue that has been raised in today's hearing so far, and that is allowing the military the freedom to experiment and the freedom to fail in order to better guarantee innovation and success down the road long term.    General Williamson, I would like you to talk a little about the Network Integration Evaluation, or NIE, and the Army Warfighting Assessment, or the AWA--one which looks at programs that are programs of record and the other that allows the Army to experiment with programs that are not programs of record--and how those two work together to satisfy the concern that many of us have raised and you have pointed to. I think I heard you say that we are looking for early, more experimental stuff, not necessarily connected to programs of record, not necessarily connected to identified gaps, but those kind of things that may appear in the future unbeknownst to us now.    General Williamson. Sir, thank you for the question. This is one that I think as an Army we are very, very proud of in terms of the development of both the network integration exercises and the new warfighting assessments. So what we discovered in 2011 is that, as we were deploying capability in the theater, we found that even though we were finding the best of breed, whether it was a radio or a system, the integration was happening in the field in combat, and what we really needed was a venue to make sure that all of the pieces worked together. So the start of the NIE really was focused on integration. But at the same time we were doing that, sir, we really discovered that we did not have a good operational venue to look at new capabilities, get the warfighter to touch them early on and influence the requirements process and to make changes, refinements, in the requirements.    So the network integration exercises quickly evolved from pure integration to also looking at, what is the effect of introducing this new technology? Because here is what I would offer to you, is that in some cases, it is not a new thing; it could be a new use for an existing technology. And how you do tactics, techniques, and procedures, how you organize your unit, all of those things have an effect on, am I increasing warfighting or the power of that unit?    So as we discovered that, the NIEs really were technically focused, and we discovered that we needed to also spend more time reaching out and looking deeper, further out. What capability do we need 5 years, 10 years, 20 years from now, and the warfighting assessments that we are now implementing give us that capability.    And, sir, to your point, this is really what is so important about what we are doing, is that that information comes back, and it influences not only current systems, but it also sets the conditions for the requirements documents that are more realistic in terms of what is really needed. I think this is something that did not exist. We did small pockets, but the center of gravity for us is a brigade. And even though this is resource heavy, we dedicated an entire brigade to have these experiments and to do these integration exercises. We are very proud of what they have accomplished.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Chairman Kline.