    Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Congratulations on your first Subcommittee hearing.    Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you. Let's not go into that right now. But a thousand people a day coming to Florida, 998 I think are coming from New York. So, you're welcome. We all agree that a good-paying job is the best way out of poverty. But the problem with the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program right now isn't a problem with the incentives being right for individuals or employers. After all, low-income parents want to work and want a better life for themselves and for their families.    Employers want to hire workers who can do the job and who can do it well. The problem is that the incentives are wrong for state governments. States are currently spending only eight percent of TANF funds, funds designated to move people from welfare to work, on work activities, even when you include all the activities related to TANF's core purposes, including the child care assistance low-income parents need in order to be reliable employees. States are still diverting more than half of their TANF funds to other purposes. It's especially frustrating that states aren't investing in work. Because today we know a lot more about the best ways to connect low-income parents with good, sustainable jobs that we, that, more than we did in 1996.    Early welfare studies might have suggested that work first, pushing people into first available jobs, no matter how unstable or low-paying, was just as effective as education and training, even though that contradicts everything we know about valuable education, and how valuable education is in our modern economy. But further research has shown that the right education or a skill upgrade is just as valuable for welfare recipients as it is for everyone else. In fact, a new study of Colorado welfare recipients found that career oriented community college credentials, ranging from certification to associates' degrees, led to large and significant earnings gains.    Unfortunately, the 12 month limit on education and training in the current TANF law strongly discourages this strategy, since these credentials often take longer than 12 months to earn. Community college is just one of many ways to help welfare recipients become the kind of employees that employers want to hire, to retain, and to promote. I'm looking forward to hearing from Dr. Christopher King about his research on two of the most promising strategies, lifting welfare recipients out of poverty, career pathways programs and two generation poverty reduction, which simultaneously helps parents and their children. Unfortunately states have not had an incentive to invest in these promising strategies, because we are not holding them accountable for their diversion of funds or for poor employment outcomes for welfare recipients.    We should also not forget that TANF recipients are parents. And even the most motivated parents can't be reliable employees if they don't have access to quality child care. The Congressional Research Service estimates that only 17 percent of eligible families receive help from the Child Care Block Grant. And state TANF investment in child care has dropped off sharply since the 1990s. I have introduced legislation to guarantee access to quality child care for children under age four. Something that would simultaneously improve outcomes for children, as well as their working parents. I look forward to working with Chairman Buchanan to refocus TANF on work and hold states accountable for getting results. A lot of parents who want to make a better life for their families are counting on just that. And they're counting on us. So with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back to you.    Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. CROWLEY. I love that. I love the sound of that. Mr. Chairman, thank you. Thank you all for your testimony today. Mr. Brame, I just want to thank you for, I think, the passion you're bringing to your testimony. All of you do, on the front lines, in terms of welfare to work. So thank you for all your testimony today. Welfare recipients are parents. Not entirely, but for the most part. Often single parents at that. And providing childcare so that they can work was a key goal of both Democrats and Republicans, working in bi-partisan way, who supported welfare to work in 1996.    Most states have ended up dramatically cutting TANF investment in childcare as part of their overall diversion strategy of TANF funds. And the Congressional Research Service estimates that only 17 percent of eligible families currently get childcare help at all. Dr. King, I know you're an academic, but we have a little bit of time. And if you could keep your answers as short as possible, we can get more in writing as well. Because I have a couple of questions for you. Can low-wage single parents work without childcare assistance?    Mr. CROWLEY. Not going to stick.    Mr. CROWLEY. So in fact in some states it actually costs more for private childcare, or for childcare than it does for public universities----    Mr. CROWLEY . Is your point. Is reliable childcare a factor--so it's safe to say that with reliable childcare--not just simple childcare, putting your most important asset somewhere for the day, but reliable good quality childcare, that that is a key factor as to whether or not an employee is a stable employee. Would you agree?    Mr. CROWLEY. Forget about severe snowstorms. From your work with two-generation strategies, are there other hidden costs to low quality childcare for families and for state and federal assisted programs?    Mr. CROWLEY. About those two-generation strategies, two-generation programs often involve supports like high-quality pre-school. Not obviously related to parental work. Can you explain further why we should consider the ``treat the whole family'' approach even if the main goal is for the parents to work their way off of welfare?    Mr. CROWLEY. Ending the inheritance of welfare, so to speak?    Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I just want to note, there are 27 seconds left. The gentleman has done outstanding work in proving that academics can testify in under five minutes.    Mr. CROWLEY. I want to thank him for that.