    Mr. Smith. Just following up on that, you talked about all those programs that have been to be, quote, ``looked at.'' Obviously, they have to be looked at. They are going to cost us billions of dollars. You are planning on building them. Looked at, A, from the standpoint of do we even need it? Is that is what you are saying? I mean, if you could be specific because, I mean, you rattled off basically all of the major programs that we are planning on building over the course of the next decade or so.    And you know, Ohio class, Long Range Strike, JLTV , are there any of those that you would say from a warfighting standpoint, why are we building this? We don't really need it. That is one. And then two, are we making some of the same mistakes with those programs that we made with the F-35, basically constructing the plane as it is working its way down the runway? And those are my two questions.    Mr. Smith. And as you look at where we are at on those programs, can you point to a specific red flag? Because, I sort of get all that. That basically, you know, on these big-ticket programs now, you know, concurrency is--well, I can't say that word in a public hearing--but not a good idea.    Basically figure it out, then build it. Not at the same time. Do you see us making that same--are we counting on that level of, okay, we will build it and then we will figure it out as we go? The Ohio-class is an enormously expensive program. I think it is probably the most expensive one of the bunch. Are we making that mistake in these early stages in your view?    Mr. Smith. Is that a good thing?    Mr. Smith. Is that a good thing?    Mr. Smith. But isn't the real issue here just the rapid pace of technology? You know, I mean, we can all just sort of logically say, as I facetiously said, don't build the airplane as it is working its way down the runway. You know, figure out what you are going to do, and then do it.    But the problem is, while you are building these things, technology is just boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, moving. I mean, it is Moore's law. You know, how do you get around the problem that if you take the opposite approach and you say, look, we are going understand it, and then we are going to build it. And we are not going to change it.    Because really what drives a lot of these costs, well, on the Ford, is change orders; is as we start building it we go, you know what, now we could do this. Let's do that. Let's add that to it. I mean, Huntington Ingalls will tell you that if they were building the same aircraft carrier that they were told to build when the contract was given to them, it would be on budget. But there has been so many changes.    But I guess what I am asking is, part of those changes are driven by just the way the world works these days. Technology is updated. You can build a better thing. Would you say that we are better off to say, look, we know the technology is improved, but we are better off building good enough, than trying to adjust to that technological improvement that could make it better? Because isn't that what really traps us on these things, is the technology, you know, leaps ahead while we are in the process of building it?    Mr. Smith. Upgrade.    Mr. Smith. Right.    Mr. Smith. Yeah. I mean, to a certain extent aren't we--I'm sorry, go ahead, Mr. Hunter.    Mr. Smith. Right. In that case we were able to add it to the existing Predator. We weren't required to scrap the ones we had and build a whole bunch of new ones, is that correct? And I am sure, but----    Mr. Smith. Right.    Mr. Smith. Yeah, but like on the Ohio class, I suspect that as we build that thing, there is going to be technological improvements that we are going to want to add to it. And I actually would suggest that we are better off not.    We are better off saying, look, we cannot afford to drive these costs through the ceiling, and yes, maybe it won't be absolutely perfect or as good as it could be, but particularly from a competitive standpoint. I think the Ohio class would be able to serve its function without adding all the new stuff that is going to be discovered in the next decade.    And I think that is a choice we need to make because it seems to me, we always make the other choice, which is, you know, this is my Austin Powers joke: All I want is sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to them. I use that joke frequently in acquisition, because, you know, it's like, we can do this. Let's try it. And we could, but the costs are prohibitive compared to the gain.    And I think we need to start accepting good enough instead of, we could put the laser beams on the sharks, so let's go ahead and give it a shot. But, you know, those are individual decisions that have to be made program by program by the program managers and by the Pentagon. I just hope they will start making the more cautious decision to save us some money.    Mr. Smith. I am sorry, which system?    Mr. Smith. Right.    Mr. Smith. Right.    Mr. Smith. Right.    Mr. Smith. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. Thank you. Ms. McSally.