    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Chairman, thank you so much for this hearing.    And thank you to the witnesses, for bringing your expertise to Washington on this issue. This is all about our rural economy, and I think that, obviously, the Agriculture Committee is committed to make sure we have a strong, robust, rural economy all across this country. And today, we are focusing on oil and gas.    Chairman Causer, land-grant universities play a critical role in our communities, specifically with research and services provided by extension services, extension activities. I know in Pennsylvania, we have been blessed to see much of this work applied to our robust agriculture industry, as well as more recent economic activity such as development of the Marcellus Shale. In your view, how have our land-grant university extension services activities been beneficial for farmers and landowners with relation to the Marcellus?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    Ms. Root, I want to look at the Endangered Species Act and its implications on oil and gas development. The northern long-eared bat was listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act just last year. How might such a listing of threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act impact both agriculture and energy production? And what kind of impacts have mineral right owners seen so far in Pennsylvania with such listings?    Mr. Thompson. All right. Thanks.    Ms. Sims, I understand Texas has a fairly unique asset that funds its universities and school systems, the permanent university and permanent school funds. Now, I am also a Member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, so I would be interested in how those assets are used and how much they contribute to education in rural Texas?    Mr. Thompson. That is all right. You addressed it, actually.    Mr. Thompson. Just the foresight to set aside that asset, some of those lands and acreage dedicated to funding education.    Mr. Thompson. Which is always an investment in our future, great investment in our future.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Walz, 5 minutes.    Mr. Thompson. Thanks, Chairman. Ms. Root, Jackie, well, actually, both you and Chairman Causer are in a unique position because you are in the northern tier, so you are right there on New York's front porch. I would be curious to hear from both of you, starting with you, Jackie.    We have been talking about the good things that have been happening in Pennsylvania and, specifically, rural Pennsylvania in a robust rural economy. Having that front porch view of New York State, what do you see happening in New York where government regulations and government bureaucrats have just--and special interest groups have just stopped the development and utilization of those resources?    Mr. Thompson. Yes. Thank you.    Mr. Thompson. Chairman Causer, you go right up to the New York line, obviously, in your legislative district. Any observation of the state of the economy in New York compared to what you are seeing in rural Pennsylvania?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you. Chairman Causer, your work in the state legislature in Pennsylvania, my understanding is, obviously, the permitting fees that go along with development help to increase, provide adequate oversight. It has helped to fund the extra boots-on-the-ground that have been necessary, you want to make sure we are getting it right, that commitment that the state has exercised and shown.    What are some of the other complex questions surrounding oil and gas development that the state government has had to wrestle with?    Mr. Thompson. Okay. Once again, thank you to all of the members of the panel and, Mr. Chairman, thanks for hosting this hearing.    The Chairman. Did the gentleman, Tim, do you have a question?