    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I can tell you that there is an instance that affects my district where I don't have to imagine, where there are actual facts that demonstrate the problem of duplication and overlap.    As you know, if Congress had not passed a grandfather extension in the 2014 Farm bill, there would have been 921 communities that would have lost their eligibility for USDA rural housing programs, including two in my district: Nicholasville, Kentucky; and Georgetown, Kentucky.    As the dynamics of rural America change, especially in the prevalence of rural communities that are near the statistical area of a metropolitan area, the problem becomes distinguishing between what is rural and what is non-rural. And we have rural places that are near urban areas. As a result of those changes, and because of the complexity of this distinction between rural and non-rural, we had a situation where if Congress had not intervened to clarify what these rural places were, these rural places would have been excluded from the rural housing programs for which Mr. Hernandez is part of the administration.    So my question would be, what is the recommendation for a rural definition that would ensure that rural communities in metropolitan statistical areas are not excluded? And wouldn't it be more sensible if you had a single agency responsible for all low-income housing so that as populations shift and change and rural/non-rural boundaries become a little bit more difficult to distinguish, wouldn't it make a lot more sense if you had a single administration of these programs?    Mr. Hernandez, as you answer these questions--you and I have had this conversation. The Federation of Appalachian Housing Enterprises, Inc. (Fahe), in my district, which does some good work, it just doesn't make sense that Congress has to intervene so that certain rural places have to be eligible for one program versus HUD in a nearby urban area.    Mr. Barr. What does RHS do better than FHA?    Mr. Barr. And speaking of metrics, sir, do you measure how many 502 direct and guaranteed loans are converted into self-sustaining, non-guaranteed, non-USDA loans?    In other words, you get people into housing with no downpayment. Are you measuring how many of those are able to refinance later and be self-sufficient, independent of the government?    Mr. Barr. I would be interested in those numbers.    Mr. Barr. And let me ask the GAO witness here--    Mr. Barr. Do they provide that data?    Mr. Barr. See, you can measure success in different ways. And certainly, one way you measure success is you put a roof over someone's head. I think that is one way to measure success. Another way to measure success, though, is that if you have a no-downpayment loan that is assisted by the government, eventually that individual builds up some equity, refinances, and becomes independent of the government. Do we measure that?    Mr. Barr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Barr. But I didn't hear the answer to the question. Do we measure whether or not the individuals move off of--    Mr. Barr. That is important. Because to me, that is success. If we are moving people from dependency on the government to independent, self-sufficiency, that to me is success. That would be a program that I would be interested in supporting.    The other thing I want to mention is rural America has been hit hard in terms of credit availability since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act. The American Bankers Association did a survey in 2014 which found that two-thirds of private sector financial lenders say that they would restrict lending as a result of the Qualified Mortgage Rule. Maybe more people are dependent on these kinds of programs because we are limiting credit availability as a result of the Qualified Mortgage Rule in rural places.    I yield back.    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So back to Mr. Hernandez's testimony about underfunding of rural housing. We know the impact of the Budget Control Act and sequester. Between 2010 and 2015, the overall USDA budget has been cut by about 14 percent. Rural housing loans and grants have been cut by $208 million, or about 54 percent, during that time period.    These figures actually though would have been far worse for rural housing if Congress had actually enacted the President's budget. The President's budget request consistently proposed significant cuts that even exceeded the cuts that happened during the sequester. In fact, this year President Obama proposed an additional $27 million in reductions above and beyond what we are already looking at.    So with our country facing an $18 trillion national debt, I certainly agree we have to get our fiscal house in order and we have to be fiscally responsible about deploying these taxpayers resources. So I am--as a fiscal conservative, I am very sensitive to that.    But my question is, given your testimony here today, why do you think the President and his budget people put such a low priority on rural housing?    Mr. Barr. But the President's budget proposes to cut it far more than what we have.    So my question to you is why are your priorities not the same as the President's priorities?    Mr. Barr. Let's go back to this duplication issue. Because as I pointed out with my question earlier about Georgetown, which is a suburb of a metro area, and Nicholasville, which is a suburb of a metro area, without congressional intervention, they would have been reclassified and would have been ineligible for your programs in rural housing. We had to intervene because we wanted to keep those communities eligible for rural housing. But obviously, because of changes in population, you are getting overlap. And I don't think I heard your answer to the question.    If you have one agency, you don't have to have Congress doing this song and dance and switching communities back and forth between rural and non-rural. You have one administration. Isn't that more efficient? Isn't that a better steward of the taxpayer resources?    Mr. Barr. I know you say we don't want a cookie cutter. And maybe you are right. Maybe it is your agency that does a better job. You talk about how you all are innovative and you are doing a better job. And your testimony to me earlier was you are doing better than FHA. So maybe it is your model that should replace FHA. Is that your testimony?    Mr. Barr. Okay. So let's--and my friend, Mr. Cleaver, was asking a great line of questioning earlier about HUD and whether they serve rural communities or not.    My question to you is, since it is different and you need different models, should HUD and FHA get out of rural lending?    Mr. Barr. Should FHA get out of rural lending?    Mr. Barr. If you can do it better, why is FHA in the rural places of America?    Mr. Barr. Okay. Mr. Scire, you--    Mr. Barr. Sorry. Mr. Scire, I know you wanted to jump in on that.    Mr. Barr. Okay. My time has expired.    Thank you, Mr. Hernandez. Thank you, Mr. Scire.