    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Goodlatte. Members of the Committee and our first and distinguished guest, I want to associate myself with your comments about our jurisdiction. It is not an accident that the House Judiciary Committee is the Committee of primary jurisdiction with respect to the legal architecture of government surveillance.    In times of heightened tension, some of our colleagues will rush to do something, anything, to get out in front of an issue. We welcome their voices in the debate, but it is here, in this Committee room, that the House begins to make decisions about the tools and methods available to law enforcement.    I believe that it is important to say up front, before we get into the details of the Apple case, that strong encryption keeps us safe, even as it protects our privacy. Former National Security Agency Director, Michael Hayden, said only last week that America is more secure with unbreakable end-to-end encryption. In this room, just last Thursday, former Secretary of Homeland Security, Michael Chertoff, testified that in his experience, strong encryption laws help law enforcement more than it hinders any agency in any given case.    The National Security Council has concluded that the benefits to privacy, civil liberties, and cybersecurity gained from encryption outweigh the broader risks created by weakening encryption. And Director Comey himself has put it very plainly: universal, strong encryption will protect all of us, our innovation, our private thoughts, and so many other things of value, from thieves of all kinds. We will all have lock boxes in our lives that only we can open, and in which we can store all that is valuable to us. There are lots of good things about this.    Now for years, despite what we know about the benefits of encryption, the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have urged this Committee to give them the authority to mandate that companies create backdoors into their secure products.    I have been reluctant to support this idea for a number of reasons. The technical experts have warned us that it is impossible to intentionally introduce flaws into secure products, often called backdoors, that only law enforcement can exploit to the exclusion of terrorists and cyber criminals. The tech companies have warned us that it would cost millions of dollars to implement and replace them at a competitive disadvantage around the world. The national security experts have warned us that terrorists and other criminals will simply resort to other tools entirely outside the reach of our law enforcement and intelligence agencies.    And I accept that reasonable people can disagree with me on each of these points, but what concerns me, Mr. Chairman, is that in the middle of an ongoing congressional debate on this subject, the Federal Bureau of Investigation would ask a Federal magistrate to give them the special access to secure products that this Committee, this Congress, and the Administration have so far refused to provide.    Why has the government taken this step and forced this issue? I suspect that part of the answer lies in an email obtained by The Washington Post and reported to the public last September. In it, a senior lawyer in the intelligence community writes that although the legislative environment toward encryption is very hostile today, it could turn in the event of a terrorist attack or a criminal event where strong encryption can be shown to have hindered law enforcement. He concluded that there is value in keeping our options open for such a situation.    I'm deeply concerned by this cynical mind-set, and I would be deeply disappointed if it turns out that the government is found to be exploiting a national tragedy to pursue a change in the law.    I also have doubts about the wisdom of applying the All Writs Act, enacted in 1789, codified in 1911, and last applied to a communications provider by the Supreme Court in 1977, to a profound question about privacy and modern computing in 2016. I fear that pursuing this serious and complex issue through the awkward use of an inept statute was not, and is not, the best course of action, and I'm not alone in this view.    Yesterday, in the Eastern District of New York, a Federal judge denied a motion to order Apple to unlock an iPhone under circumstances similar to those in San Bernardino. The court found that the All Writs Act, as construed by the government, would confer on the courts an overbroad authority to override individual autonomy. However, nothing in the government's argument suggests any principal limit on how far a court may go in requiring a person, or company, to violate the most deeply rooted values.    We could say the same about the FBI's request in California. The government's assertion of power is without limiting principle, and likely to have sweeping consequences, whether or not we pretend that the request is limited to just this device or just this one case.    This Committee, and not the courts, is the appropriate place to consider those consequences, even if the dialogue does not yield the results desired by some in the law enforcement community. I'm grateful that we are having this conversation today back in the forum in which it belongs, the House Judiciary Committee. And so I thank the Chairman very much. And I yield back.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Goodlatte. And welcome, again, to our forum here, a very regular visitor to the Judiciary Committee.    Director Comey, it's been suggested that Apple has no interest in helping law enforcement in any criminal case and that the company cares more about marketing than about investigating a terrorist attack. In your view, are companies like Apple generally cooperative when the FBI asks for assistance accompanied by appropriate legal process? Did Apple assist with this particular investigation?    Mr. Conyers. All right. Thank you. I sense that you're still reluctant to speak about how your success in this case might set a precedent for future actions. You indicated last week that this litigation may guide how other courts handle similar requests. Could you elaborate on that, please?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you. If you succeed in this case, will the FBI return to the courts in future cases to demand that Apple and other private companies assist you in unlocking secure devices?    Mr. Conyers. And, finally, I think we can acknowledge, then, that this case will set some precedent, and if you succeed, you will have won the authority to access encrypted devices, at least for now. Given that you've asked us to provide you with that authority since taking your position at the Bureau, and given that Congress has explicitly denied you that authority so far, can you appreciate our frustration that this case appears to be little more than an end run around this Committee?    Mr. Conyers. I thank the Director, and I yield back any unused time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome to the witnesses.    Let me start off with Professor Landau. Director Comey has just testified that until the invention of the smartphone, there was no closet, no room, or basement in America that the FBI couldn't enter. Did encryption exist before the invention of the iPhone?    Mr. Conyers. All right.    Mr. Conyers. Right.    Mr. Conyers. And what the FBI has demanded in California.    Mr. Conyers. Uh-huh. Let me ask Mr. Bruce Sewell the same question: What is the functional difference between ordering Apple to break its encryption, and ordering Apple to bypass its security so the FBI can break the encryption?    Mr. Conyers. I was hoping you'd go in that direction. Let me ask you this: There has been a suggestion that Apple is working against law enforcement, and that you no longer respond to legal process when investigators need your assistance. Is that accurate?    Mr. Conyers. I want to squeeze in one more question before my time runs out.    Mr. Conyers. Why is Apple taking this stand? What exactly is at stake in the San Bernardino case?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you for your responses.