    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank each of you for your testimony and your answers to our questions.    And, Colonel Heimall, I would just like to thank you, especially, for your service, because I am most familiar with it, when you were the commander at William Beaumont Army Medical Center. And during that time, when you were both commander and I was the Representative for the area, I probably had 40 public townhall meetings, you know, where everyone was invited, no holds barred, any issue or topic, and you were there at every single one of them, whether Army Medicine or veteran care was the subject or not. And I think that sends a very powerful message to the community about your interest and involvement in the community at large, especially veterans' care as connected to Active Duty military care.    And then, to that point, you did a tremendous job working with our local VA, which is physically conjoined with William Beaumont, while overseeing a billion-dollar construction project for the new William Beaumont. So I can't thank you enough for what you have done for our community, for the veterans there, for the Active Duty military and their families.    You mentioned in your testimony the need to ensure that there is a continuum of care for Active Duty service members into the transition to civilian life when they are veterans. And, anecdotally, in El Paso, I will often encounter veterans who served at Fort Bliss, which is served by William Beaumont, who said that for their mental healthcare needs, while they were Active Duty, they were met almost without fail, without complaints. If their prescription for their PTSD required seeing a therapist once a week, they were seen once a week. And, by contrast, in the civilian world, treated by the VA, maybe they get in to see a therapist, maybe they don't get to see anyone at all. And we were later able to confirm that through a survey that found that one-third of veterans in El Paso could not receive mental health care despite trying.    So how do we fix this? If we are able to recruit and retain or make use of mental healthcare providers who are in active service and do so effectively, how do we ensure that there is consistency and continuity in that care once that service member becomes a veteran, at a time when we have, officially, 22 veterans a day taking their own lives? And I know for a fact that that level of suicide is connected to care that is delayed or denied at the VA. How do we fix this? What have you learned at Walter Reed, at William Beaumont, in collaboration with the VA, that would allow us to begin to be more effective in combating this?    Colonel Heimall. Sir, first, I want to thank you for your support and your district staff. The partnership we had there I think made my 33 months there incredibly successful and really helped me navigate a number of problems that could have derailed a lot of what we were trying to do. And that was the partnership that we had, I think, that really made that a success.    Your question is very well put. Particularly in the area of behavioral health, there are a number of areas where we have the ability, I think, to help the VA with access to care. And we certainly try to do that at Walter Reed every day. But, in El Paso, one of the areas I struggled to be able to support the VA was in primary care services and behavioral health. And I think that is true at a number of our facilities and certainly true at Walter Reed, though we do have a little more flexibility with the inpatient capabilities that we have.    There is a national shortage of behavioral health providers. It is not unique to the military, unique to the VA. I believe, nationally, we are not filling all the residency seats for psychiatry across the country. We are looking for innovative ways to grow psychology programs, internship programs, et cetera. And so we have to do something to address the supply at the national level.    We are all competing for the same providers, and often what happens is we wind up into a bidding war with the VA or with our civilian counterparts over how we retain providers. In our experience in El Paso, it was very common to have someone work for us for 2 years and then slide over to the VA for a couple of years and then come back to us 3 years later. And we have to do something to increase the pool so that we can meet the demands of our patients.    Mr. O'Rourke. And it sounds like there is going to be another round, so I will ask this again, and we will include the other colonels in the response. But I think my point is that you were somehow able to figure that out.    And, you know, very often I heard the reverse of the scenario you described, where it is DOD that is hiring away from the VA, and the VA felt like it couldn't compete on salary or price or benefits or retention bonuses or whatever is provided.    So I understand there is a scarcity, but some are able to receive care amidst that scarcity while others do not. And I would just think that if we are treating the same person for the same condition and we are able to do so successfully on this half of the divide, there has to be some way, perhaps even using the same providers, to continue that care once they are on the other side of the divide.    So I am out of time, but I would like to come back to this if there is another round. Thank you.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you.    I wanted to start this second round by just thanking Colonel Place for your description of what you do, why you do it, and who you do it for. When you finished, I wanted to work for you. And I feel like we should approach recruitment for these hard-to-recruit specialties--DOD, VA--with that spirit of service and this really unique, extraordinary opportunity you have to do something, you know, profoundly important for people who are doing really important things for this country. And so, anyhow, I thought that was great.    I wanted to continue with the question I asked and would allow anyone who would like to answer it to do so. If a service member prior to separation is seeing a therapist every 2 weeks for his or her PTSD, is it possible to continue that regimen once they separate? Is that already happening, perhaps? If not, could it?    And then the second scenario is a veteran who is diagnosed with PTSD after their service and is having a hard time gaining an appointment at the VA or a community provider. What is the opportunity to be seen at an Army medical or a military treatment facility?    And so I will begin with Colonel Heimall, since you were starting to answer that, and then anyone else.    Colonel Heimall. Sir, yeah, I was going to say, you know, I am very proud of what we were able to do for our Active Duty service members at Fort Bliss, from a behavioral health perspective. And we had some phenomenal success. We fell well short in what we were able to do for our family members and for our retirees, and we had to lean very heavily on the civilian community to be able to do that. And so what you saw from the Active Duty side was not what we were able to provide for everyone else.    I think we would like to get to a system where we could have that continuity. I think the challenge becomes, does the veteran stay in the community where they were receiving care when they were on Active Duty? Increasingly, in your district, that is happening, but in a lot of districts, there is an out migration, as well, and so sustaining the continuity becomes a problem.    Certainly if we had sufficient capacity at Walter Reed for Active Duty family members, retirees, and veterans, we would be reaching out to the VISN five facilities and making sure that we were using that capability well.    Mr. O'Rourke. Anyone else?    Colonel Place. Absolutely. So, sir, you are welcome to join anytime. We will send you an application.    So this is a real problem for mental health in particular. I have talked to our public health department in Pierce County, and one of the concerns that they have is they have one of the lowest per capita behavioral health; psychiatrists, psychologists, inpatient beds, and so forth. They are trying to fix that. And it is at the same time that I am opening a residential treatment facility for substance abuse within Madigan. So we are literally trying to get the same people to come to work. And so I am a little concerned, and I have expressed that concern, that we are in this competition together.    Mr. O'Rourke. How about that specific scenario of a service member being treated, they separate, they are still in the community; could they go back and see the same, very same psychologist that they saw at your military treatment facility?    Colonel Place. So I can't answer you right here, sir. I would check with our managed care folks. And then probably I think the way that I would have to approach that is see whether or not we could do secretarial designee for them in order to get them in for a short period of time until whatever the crisis was----    Mr. O'Rourke. In other words, it is not a standard operation procedure. It would----    Colonel Place. No, sir.    Mr. O'Rourke . Be an exception.    Colonel Place. It would all be an exception of policy for all of those.    Mr. O'Rourke. Yeah. And I guess my thought is, you know, just using the El Paso anecdote again, if the service members with whom I have spoken about this say, ``While I was at Fort Bliss, I got excellent behavioral health care; if I was supposed to see someone every 2 weeks, I saw them every 2 weeks; when I transitioned to the VA, I did not,'' if you are able to serve, you know, 100 percent of the need in the Active military and some percentage far short of that in the VA, could you expand, stretch your capacity a little bit to ensure that people are receiving their treatment? Or am I hearing you all say that you are at capacity, you cannot spare additional hours?    Captain Freedman. Congressman, I think that we talk about relationships, and certainly I am proud of the relationships that we have established with the VA in our local area. We are partnered with the VA Medical Center in Fayetteville and the VA Center in Wilmington.    We have actually embedded a community-based outpatient clinic in one of our branch health clinics aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune and started a pilot project at our Wounded Warrior Battalion, where we have our most vulnerable marines who are transitioning out of the service, and doing a warm handoff right to our branch health clinic to see a VA team so we don't lose them in the system, they can have some continuity. And I think that that is going to pay great dividends in the future.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you.    I am out of time. I will yield back to the chair.