    Mr. Yoho. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate it and I am not really sure where to start, I have so many questions, and just looking for clarification.    I think the best way to start is that there was a quote from President Dwight Eisenhower 60 years ago when he announced the Atoms for Peace program: ``One lesson is clear. Civilian nuclear programs flourish only through cooperation and openness. Secrecy and isolation are typically signs of a nuclear weapons program.''    I don't think that has differed and, you know, we look at Iran over the last 30 years and if you have you read, and I am sure you have, Ambassador John Bolton's book, ``Surrender is Not an Option,'' Iran has been moving steadily in this direction ever since then. They have played the cat and mouse game. They have lied and deceived.    It is a pure game of sophistry, and sophistry, as we all know, is a well orchestrated deception, misdirection and we call that a lie, in the country. And I see that going on with our nuclear negotiations and I mean that in the sense that I think it is great that we are negotiating to prevent them from getting nuclear arms but I think we are all in agreement they are going to get nuclear arms.    I have sat here for 2 years. I am going into the third year. We have had expert after expert after expert sitting where you are that said Iran within 6 months--that is when I first got here in January 2013--within 6 months to a year has enough fissile material for five to six bombs.    And so that has been over a year so I can only assume, because the experts like you have told us, they are going to have that. And for us to say no, they are not, and then you look at Iran has prevented the IAEA to go in to inspect, we have got evidence that they have detonated a nuclear trigger in the region of Parchin but they won't let the IAEA go in.    And going back to what President Eisenhower said is if they are not going to be forthright and honest and open, is it prudent for the United States of America to go forward with this versus backing up from the negotiation table and say, when you are serious, Iran, let us know and we will take the sanctions off.    Mr. Szubin, you brought up that Iran is in a crisis mode. They are in a hole. It will take over a $160 billion to get out of it. Yet, yesterday on the Western Hemisphere meeting we had the experts again and the report from the State Department said that Iran and Hezbollah has got the most activity they have ever had in the Western Hemisphere since 2009.    Iran is working with Iraq to beat ISIS so they are funding a war in Iraq. They have funded the takeover of Yemen, and I ask you is that the nation--is that the status of a nation that is in crisis and they are starving and they are on their last dollar?    Would they be investing money into that or would they investing it into their own country? What are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Yoho. Sure.    Mr. Yoho. And I have got another one I want to ask you real quick so go ahead.    Mr. Yoho. Right. And their goal is--again, we hear over and over again Fidel Castro met with the Ayatollah roughly 10 years ago, said we have a common enemy--that enemy is America and our goal is to bring them jointly together to its knees.    I don't see that any different, and with the narrative coming out of there, the rhetoric you hear, it is like Chairman Royce says, you know, ``Death to America.''    You can pick up a paper pretty much every week and you will find that in there. To move forward, thinking that we are stopping them--and Henry Kissinger said the move that we are--we are moving to prevent proliferation to managing it.    So I think we should come clean with the American people, say they going to have a nuclear weapon. I think that we should put emphasis on what are we going to do the day that they do have that and have our foreign policy because you are already seeing Saudi Arabia and Egypt wanting to run a nuclear program.    Are we going to monitor them? Are we going to say, no, you can't? And then at what point do you intervene? And so I think all of this we are going through, I appreciate you going through it. But I think we are putting emphasis on something to say we are trying to prevent it and we know they are not going to prevent it.    Mr. Yoho. Yes, he was.    Mr. Yoho. Does that make all those experts previously that said that they were going to have it wrong?    Mr. Yoho. My time has expired and I appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.