    Ms. Archuleta. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you again today.    I understand and I share the concerns and the frustration of Federal employees and those affected by the intrusions into OPM's IT systems. Although OPM has taken significant steps to meet our responsibility to secure personnel data of those we serve, it is clear that OPM needs to dramatically accelerate those efforts.    As I testified last week, I am committed to a full and complete investigation of these incidents. And we continue to move urgently to take action to mitigate the longstanding vulnerabilities of the agency's systems.    In March of 2014, we released our strategic IT plan to modernize and secure OPM's aging legacy system. We began implementing the plan immediately. And in fiscal years 2014 and 2015, we directed nearly $70 million toward the implementation of new security controls to better protect our systems. OPM is also in the process of developing a new network infrastructure environment to improve the security of OPM infrastructure and IT systems.    Once completed, OPM IT systems will be migrated into this new environment from its current legacy networks. Many of the improvements have been to address critical immediate needs, such as security vulnerabilities in our network. These upgrades include the installation of additional firewalls, restriction of remote access without two-factor authentication, continuous monitoring of all connections to ensure that only legitimate connections have access, and deploying antimalware software across the environment to protect and prevent the deployment or execution of cybercrime tools that could compromise our networks.    These improvements led us to the discovery of the malicious activity that had occurred. And we were immediately able to share the information so that other agencies could protect their networks.    I also want to discuss data encryption. OPM does currently utilize encryption when possible. I have been advised by security experts that encryption in this instance would not have prevented the theft of this data because the malicious actors were able to steal privileged user accounts and credentials and could decrypt the data. Our IT security team is actively building new systems with technology that will allow OPM not only to better identify intrusions but to encrypt even more of our data.    In addition to new policies that were already implemented to centralize IT security duties under the CIO and to improve oversight of new major systems development, the IT plan recognized that further progress was needed. And the OIG's 2014 report credited OPM for progress in bolstering our security policies and our procedures and for committing critical resources to the effort.    With regard to information security governance, the OIG noted that OPM had implemented significant positive changes and removed its designation as a material weakness. This was encouraging, as IT governance is a pillar of the strategic IT plan. Regarding the weaknesses found with authorization, the OIG has recommended that I consider shutting down 11 out of the 47 OPM IT systems because they did not have current and valid authorization.    Shutting down systems would mean that retirees could not get paid and that new security clearances could not be issued. Of the systems raised in the 2014 audit, eleven of those systems were expired. Of those, one, a contractor system, is presently expired. All other systems raised in the 2014 audit have either been extended or provided a limited authorization.    OPM is offering credit monitoring services and identity theft information with CSID for the approximately 4.2 million current and former Federal civilian employees. Our team is continuing to work with CSID to make the online signup experience quicker and to reduce call center wait times. They are expanding staffing and call center hours and increasing server capacity.    I have taken steps to ensure that greater IT restrictions are in place, even for privileged users. That includes removing remote access for privileged users and requiring two-factor authentication. We're looking into further protections, such as tools that mask and redact data that would not be necessary for a privileged user to see.    I want to share with this committee some new steps that I am taking. First, I will be hiring a new cybersecurity adviser that will report directly to me. This cybersecurity adviser will work with OPM CIO to manage ongoing response to the recent incidents, complete development of OPM's plan to mitigate future incidents, and assess whether long-term changes to OPM's IT architecture are needed to ensure that its assets are secure. This individual is expected to be serving by August 1.    Second, to ensure that the agency is leveraging private sector best practices and expertise, I am reaching out to chief information security officers at leading private sector companies that experienced their own significant cybersecurity challenges. And I will host a meeting with these experts in the coming weeks to help identify further steps the agency can take. As you know, public and private sectors both face these challenges, and we should face them together.    I would like to address now the confusion regarding the number of people affected by two recent related cyber incidents at OPM. First, it is my responsibility to provide as accurate information as I can to Congress, the public, and, more importantly, the affected individuals. Second, because this information and its potential misuse concerns their lives, it is essential to identify the affected individuals as quickly as possible. Third, we face challenges in analyzing the data due to the form of the records and the way they are stored. As such, I have deployed a dedicated team to undertake this time-consuming analysis and instructed them to work--make sure their work is accurate and completed as quickly as possible.    As much as I want to have all the answers today, I do not want to be in a position of providing you or the affected individuals with potentially inaccurate data. With these considerations in mind, I want to clarify some of the reports that have appeared in the press. Some press accounts have suggested that the number of affected individuals has expanded from 4 million individuals to 18 million individuals. Other press accounts have asserted that 4 million individuals have been affected in the personnel file incident, and 18 million individuals have been affected in the background investigation incident. Therefore, I am providing the status as we know it today and reaffirming my commitment to providing more information as soon as we know it.    First, the two kinds of data that I'm addressing, personnel records and background investigations, were affected in two different systems in the two recent incidents. Second, the number of individuals with data compromised from the personnel records incident is approximately 4.2 million as reported on June 4. This number has not changed. And we have notified those individuals. Third, as I have noted, we continue to analyze the background investigation data as rapidly as possible to best understand what was compromised. And we are not at a point where we are able to provide a more definitive report on this issue.    That said, I want to address the figure of 18 million individuals that has been cited in the press. It is my understanding that the 18 million refers to a preliminary, unverified, and approximate number of unique Social Security numbers in the background investigations data. It is a number that I am not comfortable with at this time because it does not represent the total number of affected individuals.    The Social Security number portion of the analysis is still under active review, and we do not have a more definitive number. Also, there may be an overlap between the individuals affected in the background incident and the personnel file incident. Additionally, we are working deliberately to determine if individuals who have not had their Social Security numbers compromised but may have other information exposed should be considered individuals affected by this incident.    For these reasons, I cannot yet provide a more definitive response on the number of individuals affected on the background investigation's data intrusion, and it may well increase from these initial reports. My team is conducting this further analysis with all due speed and care. And, again, I look forward to providing an accurate and complete response as soon as possible.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this opportunity to testify today, and I'm happy to be here along with my CIO to address any questions you may have.    Ms. Archuleta. We have----    Ms. Archuleta. We have 2.7 individuals who were full-time employees and 2.4 who are----    Ms. Archuleta. The number I just gave you includes the number of employees and retirees. And personally identifiable information within those files depends on whether they've had a background investigation or whether their personnel file----    Ms. Archuleta. I'll ask Ms. Seymour.    Ms. Archuleta. I'll get back to you with that number, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. As I mentioned to you earlier in my testimony, Mr. Chairman, we're reviewing the number and the scope of the breach and the impact to all of the records.    Ms. Archuleta. As I mentioned to you, I will not give a number that is not completely accurate. And as I mentioned in my testimony today, I will get back to you as soon as----    Ms. Archuleta. I'm not going to give you a number that I am not sure of.    Ms. Archuleta. That's correct, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. I don't believe anyone has calculated an average----    Ms. Archuleta. As I mentioned in my testimony, each--my team----    Ms. Archuleta. We're not calculating on average. We're calculating on a very distinct and accurate number. We're not going to make estimates.    Ms. Archuleta. That--the number of employees that we have, yes. We're asking for support. We're asking for support for our cybersecurity----    Ms. Archuleta. The March 24----    Ms. Archuleta. On the March 2014 OPM network, the adversary activity that dated to that number was no PII was lost.    Ms. Archuleta. On March 24, there was adversarial activity that dated back to November of 2013. And with the forensics of that information, we found that no PII was lost.    Ms. Archuleta. You would have to ask forensic teams. I am not a forensic expert. But we have the forensic team right here with us on this panel.    Ms. Archuleta. We know that there is adversarial activity that dated back to November 2013. I also know that no PII was lost.    Ms. Archuleta. That's what I've said to you, sir, that there was adversarial activity.    Ms. Archuleta. There was adversarial access, activity.    Ms. Archuleta. That's a breach of our systems, yes.    Ms. Archuleta. With the security systems, yes.    Ms. Archuleta. They were able to enter our systems. The security tools that we had in place at that time were not sufficient to fight back, and we have since instituted more. And that is why, in April of this year, we were able to----    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, there was a breach into our system.    Ms. Archuleta. As I have just said to you, there was no PII lost.    Ms. Archuleta. You would have to ask the forensic team.    Ms. Archuleta. I will get back to you with that answer, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. You believe I know the answer to this question?    Ms. Archuleta. I have been advised by my CIO and our forensic team that no PII was lost.    Ms. Archuleta. I will get back to you.    Ms. Archuleta. I was referring to PII.    Ms. Archuleta. The understanding that I had of that question at that time referred to PII.    Ms. Archuleta. No, in the personnel records, it was 4.2. And we haven't given an estimate for the second incident.    Ms. Archuleta. I don't know exact percentage, but it's about half and half.    Ms. Archuleta. The analysis right now is taking a look at all the PII because PII comes in various forms. It could be a Social Security number.    Ms. Archuleta. No, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. That was a number he used, yes.    Ms. Archuleta. No, sir. That's the investigation we are doing right now.    Ms. Archuleta. Employee personnel records on current employees who have records at OPM have been----    Ms. Archuleta. We have notified the 4.2 million people.    Ms. Archuleta. And I am as concerned as you are, sir, about this because these are the individuals who have been--whose data has been taken by these attackers. I am as concerned as you are.    Ms. Archuleta. That's classified information, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. That's classified information. I can't comment. I would be glad to in another----    Ms. Archuleta. Sir, every employee is important to me, not whether they are serving in Kansas City or they are serving overseas. Every employee is important to me.    Ms. Archuleta. No, they were not.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes.    Ms. Archuleta. I filled out exactly the same form. And----    Ms. Archuleta. I just used that by way of example that I understand what is in the form, personally, and as Director of OPM and because, at OPM, as you know, we do Federal background investigations, and I am clearly aware of what is in the form. As I mentioned in my testimony, that we are working with a very dedicated team to determine what information was taken from those forms and how we can begin to notify the individuals who were affected by that. That form is very complicated. And that is why I am very, very careful about not putting out a number that would be inaccurate. That is a complicated form, with much information. It has PII and other information. So we want to be sure that as we look at how we protect the individuals who completed those forms that we are doing everything we can. We are looking at a wide range of options to do that.    This is an effort that was working on together throughout government, not just OPM. We are all concerned about the data that was lost as a result of this breach by these hackers who were able to come into our systems. And I will repeat again, but for the fact that we found this, this malware would still be in our systems.    Ms. Archuleta. There are two incidents.    Ms. Archuleta. So, in the first incident, that number is 4.2 million. In the second incident, we have not reached a number.    Ms. Archuleta. No.    Ms. Archuleta. The service--well, the services that we are offering is identity theft protection up to a million dollars. We are also offering credit monitoring for 18 months, which is the standard industry practice. As we look at the second notification, we are looking at our whole range of options.    Ms. Archuleta. And we are getting tremendous information back from not only----    Ms. Archuleta. I have asked my experts to include this feedback that we have received on a number of different considerations that need to be made.    Ms. Archuleta. As I said, we don't know the scope of the impact of the--the scope of----    Ms. Archuleta. Congresswoman, I will get back with you as to how and what range of options we have.    Ms. Archuleta. Congresswoman, I am as concerned as you are.    Ms. Archuleta. We are already taking steps. And what the contractor has actually implemented is a system similar to what the Social Security is using. So if they get a busy tone, they also can leave their number, and they will get a call back.    Ms. Archuleta. For example, I have heard a gentleman told me this morning that he left his number, and he was called back in an hour. So that individual does not have to wait on the phone. It is a very simple process.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes.    Ms. Archuleta. I would be glad do that. We get those numbers every day. I would be glad do that.    Ms. Archuleta. You would have to ask my partners in cybersecurity about that. I am not an expert in what the----    Ms. Archuleta. I think that may be better placed with DHS and perhaps others.    Ms. Archuleta. I believe----    Ms. Archuleta. I believe that we are very--we want to work very hard with our contractor to make sure that we are delivering the service that we want. We have asked them throughout this process to make improvements. We have demanded improvements. We are holding them accountable to deliver the services we contracted for. Ms. Seymour is in communications with them.    I do not, I do not want our employees to sit and wait on the phone. I do not want them to have to wonder whether their data has been breached. I want to serve them in every way that we can. And that is why we are demanding from our contractor the services that the contractor said they would deliver. And we are working very hard on that and each day give them the appropriate feedback from what we are hearing from our employees.    Ms. Archuleta. Those numbers don't make me happy, sir. And I am going do everything I can to make sure that we are doing everything for our employees. I care deeply about our employees.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, the responsibility of the records is with me and my CIO.    Ms. Archuleta. I think my full statement, sir, was that I believe that the breach was caused by a very dedicated, a very focused actor who has spent much funds to get into our systems. And I have worked--the rest of my testimony was I have worked since day one to improve legacy systems.    Ms. Archuleta. The action was caused by a very focused, aggressive perpetrator.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, sir, you did.    Ms. Archuleta. I would have to get that information back to you. I don't have it in my notes. Perhaps Ms. Seymour would know. But if not, we would get that information back to you.    Ms. Archuleta. I would expect that it was immediate, yes.    Ms. Archuleta. Well, sir, I----    Ms. Archuleta. It can't be a yes-or-no answer.    Ms. Archuleta. I have to----    Ms. Archuleta. I have to take----    Ms. Archuleta. I have to take into consideration when an audit is conducted by the auditor. I have to make an informed decision about his recommendations. It's not an issue of whether I disagree with him. I want to be sure that I----    Ms. Archuleta. And we have worked very closely with OMB to make sure that we're tracking, documenting, and justifying all of our steps in this----    Ms. Archuleta. --as we move forward.    Ms. Archuleta. I believe that the record will show that I have acted on it, that I am dealing with a legacy system that has been in place for 30 years, and we are working as hard as we can. In 18 months, we have made significant progress, but so have our aggressors.    Cybersecurity is an enterprise responsibility, and I am working with all of my partners across government. And I have shown that we have prioritized this even as early as 2014 and 2015 in our budgets and in the resources that we have directed towards that.    I do not take this responsibility lightly. And, as I pledged in my confirmation hearing and as I pledged to you last week and as I have pledged to you today, I take it extremely seriously. And I am as upset as you are about every employee that is impacted by this.    That is why we're dedicating resources throughout government, not just as OPM but at every level of government, to be sure that this does not occur again.    Ms. Archuleta. We're working very hard. I am serious about it.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, that's true.    Ms. Archuleta. If there was a background investigation requested.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes.    Ms. Archuleta. There was a credential that was used, and that was the way that they got in----    Ms. Archuleta. --from an employee of KeyPoint.    Ms. Archuleta. No, no.    Ms. Archuleta. We have a total enterprise-wide security team, or forensic team, that is doing the forensics on this.    Ms. Archuleta. The flash audit I can just take by way of example.    And, first of all, I want to say that I respect the inspector general's diligence in overseeing this topic. And there are areas where we have areas of agreement, and there's areas that I think we need to have further conversation about.    In terms of the existing contracts and the use of full and open competition, I would like to assure the IG that the processes we used to award the already-existing contracts have been perfectly legal, and we're going to continue to ensure that our future contracts and processes entered into will also be legal.    I also understand that he's concerned about the sole-source contract of tactical and shell that he spoke about. I understand his concerns. And I would like to remind him that the contracts for migration and cleanup have not yet been awarded, and we will consult with him as we do that.    Where we don't--where we have areas that we need to consider together--and, by the way, the IG and I meet on a monthly basis, and our staffs meet on a weekly basis or at least biweekly--I look forward to discussing to him about the major IT business case so that we can figure out what the practical----    Ms. Archuleta. --timeline should be.    Ms. Archuleta. I would ask Donna just to talk about the tactical and the shell processes that we're using. We're trying to do that as rapidly as possible so that we can move out of the legacy network.    The issue about the migration and the cleanup we'll continue to discuss, but we're trying to rapidly move towards that shell.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes.    Ms. Archuleta. I do agree with that. KeyPoint has taken the steps necessary to mitigate any security questions. They have been very active in working with us on that.    Ms. Archuleta. No. He said no.    Ms. Archuleta. I am more committed than ever to serve the employees of this administration. I am working very hard, and I think----    Ms. Archuleta. I accept the responsibilities that are given to the Director of the OPM. And I have fulfilled those responsibilities by making sure that we have the right people in the right places and seeking the resources that we need to do our work and to make sure that the systems that we have in place can do the work that they're expected to do. Again, we have a legacy system that is 30 years old.    Ms. Archuleta. We have dedicated money and human resources----    Ms. Archuleta. Thank you, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. I am responsible, as the Director of OPM, for a number----    Ms. Archuleta. --for a number of different responsibilities. I take very seriously, as I said in my confirmation hearing and many other hearings after, including today----    Ms. Archuleta. I accept----    Ms. Archuleta. I am committing to you that we are going to do the best job we can.    Ms. Archuleta. The IG brought up some process issues that were very important, I think some that we don't agree with, but there are other areas that we do agree with.    I think the important thing is to underscore the relationship that we have with our IG. And we will continue to value his opinion and to bring forth his ideas into the considerations that we make.    I do believe that we have to move carefully but we have to work swiftly. As you said, these aggressors are spending a lot of money--a lot of money to get into our systems.    We need his assistance. We will seek his guidance. We will listen carefully to his recommendations and certainly consider those as we move forward.    Ms. Archuleta. I'm sorry, sir. Could you repeat that question?    Ms. Archuleta. Thank you for clarifying the question, sir.    I think it's really important not to conflate to the two incidents. The first incident was the employee personnel records, which is the 4.2 million.    Ms. Archuleta. And the second----    Ms. Archuleta. And the second incident, we haven't determined the number yet, of the scope of that incident and the number of employees that would have been affected by that and others.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, the team that is working on the analysis of the scope is--it's exactly why we're taking our time to make sure that it's accurate. And the SF-86s we've talked about earlier. The data in there is--includes not only the employee but may include other information and PII for other individuals. That's why we're being very, very careful about that and looking at the data, because it could be that there was no PII for some individuals.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes.    Ms. Archuleta. Ah. I'm sorry. Yeah.    Ms. Archuleta. I understand your question.    Ms. Archuleta. I'd have to check with my staff, sir. I know----    Ms. Archuleta. --that we were attempting to respond as quickly as possible, yes.    Ms. Archuleta. I have read his letter, but I have not--I don't know that our response has made it through our system yet.    Ms. Archuleta. No, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. I would ask Donna to talk about the process that we used. It was a fair and competitive process.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes.    Ms. Archuleta. The individual on the identity theft, yes.    Ms. Archuleta. I understand your concerns. And I understand the responsibility that we have to our employees about their PII. I take that responsibility very, very seriously. I want to say that there are--in the letter, the first sentence that you wrote, the difference between exposure and exfiltration. It could be that their data was exposed and not exfiltrated. But we feel strongly that we need to offer the same protections to those employees who their data might only have been exposed.    Ms. Archuleta. Absolutely.    Ms. Archuleta. Sure.    Ms. Archuleta. By law, they have to enroll in the credit monitoring.    Ms. Archuleta. Thank you. I appreciate your comments.    And I agree with you totally that we need to hold our contractor responsible for their response. We are also instituting new ways that they can respond to the employees. I think I mentioned before you got here is that we are using the SSA model where we in fact are being able to call them back, that no one has to wait on line.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes, I do.    Ms. Archuleta. I have had those meetings with individuals throughout government. I have had those almost on a daily basis with my own staff and the CIO. I would say that since the 18 months that I arrived, I recognized the same problem that you did. And we have taken tremendous steps but, as you say, that there are these actors, and they are aggressive, and they are well funded, and they are persistent. And the first thing I did was to implement an IT strategic plan with a focus on IT security.    Ms. Archuleta. I have had discussions with the----    Ms. Archuleta. I have visited other, yes, other companies. The issue of cybersecurity was not the one that we discussed. But as the plan that I outlined this morning is that we are holding a summit in the very near future to bring those private individuals who are facing the exact same threats that we are so that we can learn from them. We need to access experts.    Ms. Archuleta. I have not met personally on cybersecurity issues.    Ms. Archuleta. With the private sector. But my colleagues from across government have, like Tony Scott and others, the Federal CIO. And I have been the benefit of those conversations and his experiences, as well as other people throughout government. We recognize that cybersecurity is an enterprise issue for all of us in government. And it's not just one person who has to take responsibility. All of us across government have to.    Ms. Archuleta. I sit with Mr. McFarland. He has brought some of those to my attention. I also, with the flash audit, I have not had the opportunity because of the time period that it was released. But it's my full intention not only to talk with him about the flash audit but also to engage him as we move forward, as we always have.    Ms. Archuleta. I would be able to get you that information from our data, and we would be glad to share it with you.    Ms. Archuleta. No, I am familiar with it, sir. The action plan that you received today is an action plan that I developed along with my staff in response to the very serious issues and threats that we are facing right now. It outlines what we have done and what we will be doing.    The response to the IG on the flash audit he has received. As I said before, Mr. McFarland and I have not had the opportunity because of the time period that where we have been engaged with other things. But it's our intent, as in the plan, to make sure that he is engaged with this alongside us, and that we value his opinion and the work of his staff.    Ms. Archuleta. I don't mean to do that at all. I take very, very seriously what has happened.    Ms. Archuleta. Well, I do--what I have tried to do today is to convey to the members how seriously I take this and that we are garnering all the resources, including the opinion of the IG. We disagree on some issues, but we do have other areas of agreement. We also have areas that would benefit from discussion between me and the IG. I think that's an important step. IGs work very closely with their administrations to make sure that we are doing the best job we can. I take his information very seriously. I do not want to convey that I am angry or petulant about it. What I am is respectful for the position he holds and value the input that he gives.    But I do feel passionately about what has happened. I feel very passionate about the employees. I am a champion and have worked very hard throughout my entire career. And if I sound passionate about it, I have to say that I am.    Ms. Archuleta. Yes. I just wanted to be sure. The flash audit identified issues. A flash audit is meant to alert the administration about concerns. It merits an opportunity for the IG and his staff and my staff to sit down and find out where his concerns are. If he says it is a dangerous path, I want to know specifically why.    Ms. Archuleta. He sent a letter attached to the flash audit. And we have not had the opportunity to sit down with him. And I take very seriously his concerns, Mr. Cummings. And the opportunity, if he uses the word ``dangerous,'' I need to understand clearly from him and his staff why he attaches that word. And the flash audit needs the scrutiny of both him and I together to protect the employees and to protect our data, to protect our systems.    Ms. Archuleta. Thank you for pointing that out. And I appreciate it and acknowledge that.    I have been here 18 months, and I took seriously the audits that came before me. And that is why I have done and taken the steps.    Ms. Archuleta. No, sir.    Ms. Archuleta. Not to my knowledge.    Ms. Archuleta. Sir, I want to be sure of that answer. I would have to come back to you to be sure that I----    Ms. Archuleta. I don't know exactly that number, but I will accept that.    Ms. Archuleta. I would have to trust your judgment. I don't know that number yet, but I could get back to you. But yes, if you want to----    Ms. Archuleta. I can tell you what we spent on it, but yes, I will----    Ms. Archuleta. I agree with you totally, sir. We are using a legacy system that was designed in 1959. And that is what we are working to change.    Ms. Archuleta. Right now, we are working off of our legacy system. That's why we are making the investments into a new system.    Ms. Archuleta. As I explained earlier, sir, in the question that was asked me, the conversation was around PII, and I answered it in that context.    Ms. Archuleta. I don't believe that there was--that that data was breached and that there was no data exfiltrated.    Ms. Archuleta. That's why we understand that there was in fact a breach. I am not the forensics. I don't know what they did with it. What I was assured of, sir, and why I responded in that interview was there was no PII extricated from the system.    Ms. Archuleta. As I said, the question was around the PII, and that's the way I answered it.    Ms. Archuleta. Ms. Seymour informed me that other data had been taken from, but it was not--it was in different context to that question.    Ms. Archuleta. She had informed me that some manuals had also been exposed and potentially exfiltrated, yes. I knew that. Again, in that interview, the question was around PII.    Ms. Archuleta. Correct.    Ms. Archuleta. I did.    Ms. Archuleta. I believe that all of that is very important, sir. I can't distinguish between both of them. They are each equally as important.    Ms. Archuleta. I hold all of us responsible. That's our job at the OPM. We work very hard to do this, and we work with our partners across government. I know that you are perhaps tired of hearing this from me, but we are facing a very aggressive attacker. We protect against 10 million attempts each month. So we are working very hard to do that. We are working extremely hard to prevent the types of things that we are seeing here today.