    Mr. Bejtlich. Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Kelly, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify.    I am Richard Bejtlich, Chief Security Strategist at FireEye. Today I will discuss digital threats, how to think about risk and some strategies to address these challenges.    Who is the threat? In our work, we have discovered and countered nation-State actors from China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and other countries.    The Chinese and Russians tend to hack for commercial and geopolitical gain. The Iranians and North Koreans extend these activities to include disruption via denial of service and sabotage using destructive malware.    Activity from Syria relates to the regional civil war and sometimes affects Western news outlets and other victims. Eastern Europe continues to be a source of criminal operations, and we worry that the conflict between Ukraine and Russia will extend into the digital realm.    Threat attribution, or identifying responsibility for a breach, depends on the political stakes surrounding an incident.    For high-profile intrusions, such as those in the news over the last few months, attribution has been a priority. National technical means, law enforcement, and counter-intelligence can pierce anonymity. Some elements of the private sector have the right experience and evidence to assist with this process.    I would like to emphasize that attribution is possible, but it is a function of what is at stake.    Who is being breached? In March 2014, the Washington Post reported that in 2013, Federal agents, often the FBI, notified more than 3,000 U.S. companies that their computer systems had been hacked. This count represents clearly identified breach victims. Many were likely compromised more than once.    In the 18 or so years I have been doing this work, this to me is the single best statistic we have because these were not attacks, these were not near misses, these were actual, serious breaches that merited notification by law enforcement.    How do victims learn of a breach? Unfortunately, in 70 percent of cases, someone else, likely the FBI, tells a victim about a serious compromise. Only 30 percent of the time do victims identify intrusions on their own.    The median amount of time from when an intruder's initial compromise, to the time when a victim learns of a breach, according to our research, is currently 205 days. This number is better last year's research where the number was 229 days. Unfortunately, it means that, for nearly 7 months after gaining initial entry, intruders are free to roam within victim networks.    What are you supposed to do about this? I like to first think of defining the risk. In this hearing, we are thinking about the risk of intrusion to private companies in the United States, but there are many other risks we could talk about. That is the focus of this hearing.    Step two is to try to figure out some ways to measure progress. When I work with companies, I try to encourage them to think in terms of a couple metrics.    The first one is how many intrusions are occurring because there are many intrusions occurring in companies but not all of them rise to the level of somebody stealing your data or somebody destroying your data.    Second, they need to track the amount of time that elapses from when the intrusion first occurs and when they do something about it. We want to drive down both of those numbers.    Some things happen outside companies which impact the threat and the cost to the intrusion. Law enforcement and counter intelligence are the primary means by which you can mitigate the threat.    I did an editorial for Brookings recently called Target Malware Kingpins where I asked what makes more sense, expecting 2 billion Internet users to adequately secure their personal information or reducing the threat posed by the approximately 100 malware kingpins in the world?    Reducing the cost side of the equation takes a little more creativity. One step--I noticed it in the testimony of some of my fellow panelists--is tokenization of payment card data such that you are not dealing in credit cards when you are trying to authorize transactions.    A second step would be to drastically reduce or preferably eliminate the value of a Social Security number. With a Social Security number, as noted in the testimony in more detail by my colleagues, you can get credit reports and just an opening to much more damage.    In brief, at least from the perspective of a private company, we can win when we stop intruders from achieving their objectives. It is ideal to prevent an adversary from getting into your network but that goal is increasingly difficult.    Instead, we need to focus on quickly detecting the intrusion, containing the adversary and stopping him before he destroys, steals or whatever his mission is, as Chairman Hurd mentioned.    Finally, we must appreciate that the time to find and remove intruders is now. If you were to hire me to be your CSO, the first step I would take would be to hunt for intruders already in your network.    I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Bejtlich. At the top, the nation-State end, you see the Russians, the Chinese, increasingly now the North Koreans and the Iranians.    The problems you discussed with health care, that could come from any sector. It could be a criminal element, an activist element and so forth.    Briefly, we do have part of an answer. That is in the security community specifically with researchers. Part of the problem they are encountering is some of the research they do could be construed as hacking and put them at risk of being prosecuted simply for trying to identify these vulnerabilities.    We need to create a safe space for that sort of work.    Mr. Bejtlich. From the chronic theft of intellectual property, business methods and that sort of thing, I care about the Chinese the most. If I care about geo-political problems that could leak from the physical area, I worry about the Russians and what is going on in Ukraine and their using cyber capability to deter or back up something they are doing physically.    Mr. Bejtlich. The best number I gave, sir, was the 3,000. Those are not trivial hacks caused by someone in a basement. Those are serious intruders that are tracked on a campaign basis by the FBI.    Mr. Bejtlich. When you think in terms of risk, you have threat, vulnerability and the impact. To date, most of the focus has been on vulnerability. The problem is vulnerability is everywhere.    If we can take steps that make the data less valuable than if there is a breach, when there is a breach, there will not be that much of an impact. Furthermore, we should look at ways for recovery. In other words, we are looking at what can we do to stop a breach from happening but we need to look at once the breach has happened, what happens next. Who is responsible for cleanup the mess of an identity theft? How much does it cost?    There is a misalignment of a lot of these issues so it falls on the consumer and the citizen. Many times they are in the worse position to try to affect change.    Mr. Bejtlich. Encryption has a value in certain areas. If I am going to talk to a colleague at the end of the table and want to make sure no one in between can hear it, I want to encrypt that data.    If I am carrying around data on an external hard drive or a thumb drive and I lose it in a taxi, I want to make sure that is encrypted.    Encryption stops the intruder from getting access to it. In certain areas encryption can be useful but we have to remember that in order for data to be useful, it has to be read at some point. Encryption will not necessarily be valuable at the point where that data is being used.    Mr. Bejtlich. There is collaboration among different elements of the Chinese hacking scene. You have top end military units, militia units, quasi-military and then you have the patriotic hackers.    There is certainly a career progress that people go through. As far as the tasking goes, the military units are tasked to go after private sector companies in the west to steal intellectual property, business methods and that sort of data.    Mr. Bejtlich. Sir, I can address that. I am from the Air Force Academy class of 1994. I maintain contact with my colleagues there. Also, I have been to beautiful Annapolis.    At the service academies you do see very strong focus on cyber security. There are contests between the different academies.    Outside of that, at the regular universities and such, as my generation moves into teaching, you are seeing more focus on what we have done in corporate America in dealing with intruders, less focus on more abstract topics like cryptography, which has a role, but it is not the same thing as the rubber meeting the road that you mentioned. I think that situation is getting better.    I would like to also mention CyberPatriot. This is a program for middle school and high school students nationwide. In my kids' school just won the national championship for the middle schools.    There is a focus now that is both generational and also at different levels of schools, not just at the colleges but we are seeing that migrate down to the middle schools. I would not be surprised if there a one through five program coming up next.    Mr. Bejtlich. We have seen in recent high profile breaches, the FBI ready to assist. I do not know their ability to scale, however. I am not sure if we were to send the Bureau to every one of the breaches that my company is working, whether they would become quickly overwhelmed.    That is one of the areas where this is different than a physical situation where you can call your local police and they are usually equipped to help you. We do not yet have a scalable government response to the problem.