    Mrs. Hartzler. Okay, all right.    General McDew, I wanted to drill down a little bit about some of the comments that you made talking about capacity, we talk about the 78 ships, 60 of which are obligated to TRANSCOM in the efforts that they have going forward.    You spoke about the possibility if the need was there for the use of foreign ships. I want you to elaborate on that a little bit. Obviously, knowing that they would have to be manned by U.S. merchant mariners, citizens of the United States, and so I want to get your perspective on how MSP would work if you were to--I am assuming contract with foreign ships.    Give us your perspective, too, on the Jones Act. There is many times there is discussion about the Jones Act, whether it should stay in place or whether it should not. I think the Jones Act has a tremendous amount of utility, especially in situations as we face potentially with capacity within our sealift ability.    So give me your perspective there on foreign ships versus U.S.-flag ships, the Jones Act, and then how do you manage within that realm, again, merchant mariners with--to establish that capability?    General McDew. I may have been a little unclear----    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you Mr. Chairman. General, it is nice to meet you. I feel like fellow neighbor, here, being from Missouri, and appreciate what you do. Of course we are very proud of Rosecrans there, and the C-130s and the airlift they provide there. I hope some day to get over and see your base personally and tour it. But appreciate what you do.    I guess my question is, as it relates to the planned Air Mobility Command airlift force structure, what is your greatest concern in providing airlift capabilities to support the Defense Strategic Guidance and contingency operations to other combatant commanders?    General McDew. First, you are welcome to visit anytime. I have had a chance to go to Rosecrans on a number of occasions. The amount of training, the professionalism, and what they bring back to--particularly the C-130 fleet--is remarkable. There have been many folks that have said that the training they have gotten there is the best training they have ever received in their entire careers.    So please come out and visit us in the cornfields of Illinois anytime.    Mrs. Hartzler. I will pass that on. Thank you.    General McDew. The Air Mobility Command force structure is of concern in a couple of regards, and I am a little bit removed from my last job as Air Mobility Command commander, but the capacity for the C-17, which has been a remarkable weapons system, the C-130, but more importantly I believe the tanker refueling fleet is where our greatest need is.    That airplane is 50-plus years old, the KC-135. It was old when I flew it, three decades ago, so it is a bit older now. We will be flying it for several more decades. We built 700 of those airplanes between 1957 and 1964. It is going to take us till the mid- to late-1920s to build the next 179. So that recapitalization effort must stay on track, and at the rate they are doing it we are going to have to fly the current fleet of KC-135s 30 more years. So that is a potential problem.    On the airlift fleet, I believe that our capacity is adequate, and we are just below what we need in capacity-wise by about a few airplanes. The Air Force is partnering with us to buy back some additional airplanes that they put in backup inventory, to bring them back to active inventory. We believe that will get us back to the numbers we think we will need in most contingencies.    Of course as an aviator and a commander I can use as many as I can get my hands on, but I think that capacity will be sufficient with a manageable amount of risk.    Mrs. Hartzler. It is very, very important, what you do to support the other aircraft and the missions being carried out. How has sequestration and future defense budget uncertainty affected MSC's commercial partners if they are needed for a contingency or surge?    General McDew. I believe sequestration impacts all of us. The biggest concern for sequestration is on, for me, it does impact MSC, it does impact most of our command, but mostly because it impacts the services. We rely on the services to organize, train, and equip the forces that we will need, all the combatant commanders will need in time of war.    Anything that provides the services with unpredictable budgets, anything that decreases their ability to modernize, decreases their ability to plan for a new C-17 replacement, to keep the KC-46 on track, any of those things adversely impacts not only me, but then through me all of the combatant commands. So sequestration is not our friend.    Mrs. Hartzler. Absolutely. I am a member of the Budget Committee as well as, and we are working very hard to try to make sure that you have what you need and that we make sure and replace the defense cuts that were scheduled a few years ago.    Thank you very much for your service.