    Ms. Lowey. You are very gracious Mr. Chairman. I want to, first of all, thank you for bringing us together for this very important hearing. As you can imagine, I have been concerned about Indian Point. I do not think it is any surprise. It is in Buchanan, New York. It houses one decommissioned, two operational nuclear power reactors owned by Entergy. Earlier this week Entergy notified the NRC and state authorities that radioactive tritium contaminated water leaked into the ground water at Indian Point.    Entergy found, ``alarming levels of radioactivity at three monitoring wells.'' Just this morning Entergy has reported that tritium levels have gone up in the ground water beneath Indian Point. This is the third time since 2005, that we know of, that tritium has leaked into ground water at Indian Point. Though contamination has not spread to the Hudson River, and does not seem to pose an immediate threat to public health, it is clear that this incident requires a full and thorough investigation. Based on the many problems at Indian Point and what seems to be poor oversight on the part of the NRC it seems the NRC is not adequately prioritizing public health and safety.    There are three NRC resident inspectors who work fulltime at Indian Point. They are following Entergy's groundwater monitoring program and should have been on top of an inadequate pump system in place in recent years. While your agency is sending another inspector to the site this week, and has begun an investigation, I am deeply concerned that the NRC is turning a blind eye to glaring problems at a critical time when Entergy's relicensing process is underway.    So a few questions, and thank you, Mr. Chairman. When were these resident inspectors made aware of the groundwater leak at Indian Point? What actions has the NRC taken to address this tritium leak? Will the NRC be fully investigating the leak, as I urged you to do in a letter earlier this week? Could you elaborate for us what that investigation will entail and when findings should be expected?Friday evening when Entergy identified it. It was at an amount that was actually below the threshold reporting limits, but Entergy reported it to us.    Ms. Lowey. Could I just ask a quick follow up? Before you said when Entergy reported it, so there are three resident inspectors that are there.    Ms. Lowey. There is no way of them knowing or identifying the leak until Entergy reported it, is that correct? I just want to make sure I am understanding the sequence and the process.    Ms. Lowey. I mean, I am going to let you continue with the approval of our Chair, but there are three resident inspectors, so I just wonder what they are looking for as they are walking around there fulltime?    Ms. Lowey. But it would not be incumbent upon them to identify a leak? They have to wait until someone tells them, is that correct?    Ms. Lowey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the time. Thank you.    Ms. Lowey. Thank you for your gracious hospitality and thank you Mr. Chairman as well. Chairman Burns, I just wanted to bring to your attention, some questions regarding the Aim pipeline Spectra, which as an energy company, as you know, is constructing the Algonquin Incremental Market Expansion, the Aim project, which would expand the natural gas pipeline, which runs just 100 feet from vital Indian Point Structures. This is a great concern to me and many of my constituents and I strongly believe that the NRC has not adequately investigated the risk, nor responded substantively to the concerns that have been raised.    I remain particularly disappointed in your conclusion that a further independent risk analysis, beyond NRC's internal analysis is unnecessary. So my question is, does the presence of a potentially dangerous pipeline impact the security procedures NRC mandates at a nuclear power plant and what steps does the NRC plan to take to ensure the Indian Point Evacuation Plan is updated to reflect the additional risk of a pipeline in the vicinity?    Ms. Lowey. So, I am just trying to understand this. Does the presence of a potentially dangerous pipeline impact the security procedures the NRC mandates at a nuclear power plant?    Ms. Lowey. So then the question is are there steps that the NRC plans to take to ensure the Indian Point evacuation plan is updated to reflect the additional risk of a pipe line in the vicinity.    Ms. Lowey. I would appreciate that and then one other question that I wondered with regard to Indian Point we talked before about the multiple safety issues at Indian Point. The recent tritium leak, transformers, elevated moated temperatures, temperature issues on the seals of the reactors and in the last two years energy has blamed vendor failures for major malfunction that resulted in shutdowns at Indian Point. I just wondered to other nuclear power plants experience so many vendor failures at this rate and has the NRCC thoroughly evaluated these vendor failures at Indian Point.    Ms. Lowey. And lastly and I think this is an issue that has come up over and over again. If a fifty mile area around Indian Point were to be evacuated every resident of West Chester County, New York City, even parts of Long Island would be forced to evacuate. Quite simply there is no way to move all those people safely. So for many of us Indian Point's evacuation plan leaves much to be desired relying on buses to get residents away from the potential in the event of an emergency. The plant was built but not allowed to go into operation because there was no feasible evacuation plan. Does the NRC actually believe the evacuation plan for Indian Point is feasible and could you share what the NRC is doing to work with nuclear power plants in densely populated regions to improve evacuation plans?    Ms. Lowey. And lastly really lastly do you have any update on when the commission will make a final decision of relicensing and I wonder whether the recent tritium leak will impact that decision?    Ms. Lowey. Thank you very much Mr. Chairman for your indulgence. I thought you were recused because you moved to West Chester County. Thank you very much.