    Mr. Lujan. Mr. Chairman, thank you so very much, and to you, Chairman Bishop, Chairman Chaffetz, all the members of both committees, for allowing us to be here, members that are not on this committee. I thank you so very much for holding this critical hearing.    To all the witnesses here, I want to thank you for taking time away from home and responsibilities that I know are pressing, so that you can be here to testify on what needs to happen to make people whole; to make sure that there is adequate response and real communication between each and every one of you and the people that we are so honored to represent; and how we can prevent this from happening again in the future, where there are several pieces that we have been able to identify.    I want to associate myself with the comments and questions that Cynthia Lummis, our colleague from Wyoming, shared with the line of questioning that was with EPA Administrator McCarthy, as well.    One of the points I want to make, Mr. Chairman, I do not know if this has been shared, but there is a memo that came out from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Region 8 dated August 17, 2015. If we may be able to submit this into the record?    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mr. Lujan. What this states is the timeline associated with the communications that went to all the communities. What this states is that on August 5, 2015 at 10:51 a.m. the release occurs. There is then a series of other items. You have to get to August 6, 2015, the next day, 24 hours later, where it states at 11:00 a.m. EPA headquarters Region 6 and Region 9 are notified. I am not even talking about the notification to the state of New Mexico, what happened up in Colorado, to the Ute Tribe and to the Navajo Nation. We have a problem here that has to be corrected.    One of the areas--Secretary Flynn, I know I shared this with you yesterday, I have shared this with Secretary McCarthy, I mentioned this to my colleague, Mr. Tipton out of Colorado, as well--is for us, Mr. Chairman, to potentially look at the system that is put in place today for the Amber Alert System for abducted children, as well as the NATIONAL Weather System alerts when there is a system like this, so we have alerts on there.    Do you think, Mr. Secretary, that that would be helpful in pushing out as much information as we can--Secretary Flynn and President Begaye, especially, as constituents? What are your thoughts there, if there would have been real time, instant notification? Would that have been beneficial?    Mr. Lujan. And, Mr. President, rapid communication, if there is an urgency like this, that did not occur, and we need to correct that. Is this something that would make a difference in being able to prepare for anything that may be coming our way?    Mr. Lujan. I appreciate that. I also want to thank Councilman Olguin for our brothers and sisters up in Colorado at the Ute Tribe, for alerting many of the communities in New Mexico. It was through the leadership of being good neighbors that you alerted some of the neighbors in New Mexico, sir. So, to you and to the tribal leaders, just thank you so very much.    Secretary Flynn and President Begaye, is there anything, as you sat through this hearing today--and I know it was a long one--with all the questions and testimony today and in the Senate, with the several hearings that you have heard, is there anything that is coming out of the EPA that you have concerns with, or that you heard today that you have concerns with?    And what is it that we can do to make sure that there is someone from headquarters appointed, Mr. Chairman, from the EPA to be corresponding directly with the state of New Mexico, state of Colorado, the Ute Tribe, Navajo Nation as well, that you would like to see done that maybe we can convey?    To give the rest of my time--I have a little bit under a minute. Mr. Secretary, if you could quickly jump on that, and maybe submit things in writing; then we will visit with the President of the Navajo Nation, so we can fulfill all of those requests, and make sure that we are able to convey that.    The Chairman. I have been giving extra time. You have 2 minutes.    Mr. Lujan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate that, sir.    Mr. Lujan. Thank you very much.    Mr. Lujan. Thank you and, Mr. Chairman, again, for the time and your thoughtfulness. I look forward to working with you to address all these issues. We need to get to the bottom of this.    I am also working on a piece of legislation with my counterparts in the U.S. Senate from New Mexico that would ask and require for expeditious carry-out of the claims process, and for the establishment of those offices in these communities. That way, there can be technical assistance to the individuals that will be also asking for support there.    So thank you so much, again, for the indulgence, Mr. Chairman. To the witnesses, thank you for your testimony and for being here today.    The Chairman. Thank you; but we will not treat you seriously until you come back to the committee.    Mr. Lujan. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. Mr. Palmer, do you have questions?