    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank our panel for your help.    I want to associate myself with the remarks of the ranking member and the chairman today, which doesn't always happen.    Mr. Lynch. I would like to ask unanimous consent if I might enter into the record the remarks of Colleen M. Kelly, National President of the National Treasury Employees Union, and also a letter from J. David Cox, who is the President of the American Federation of Government Employees, AFL-CIO.    Mr. Lynch. I want to also read the first three paragraphs. This is a letter from the president of the American Federation of Government Employees, AFL-CIO, J. David Cox, to the Honorable Katherine Archuleta.    It says, Dear Honorable Archuleta, I am writing in reference to the data breach announced by the Office of Personnel Management. And this was dated last week. In the days since the breach was announced, very little substantive information has been shared with us, despite the fact that we represent more 670,000 Federal employees in departments and agencies throughout the executive branch.    OPM has attempted to justify the withholding of information on the breach by claiming that the ongoing criminal investigation restricts your ability to inform us of exactly what happened, what vulnerabilities were exploited, who was responsible for the breach, and how damage to affected individuals might be repaired and compensated.    Based on sketchy information that OPM has provided, we believe that the central personnel data file was the targeted database and that the hackers are now in possession of all personnel data for every Federal employee, every Federal retiree, and up to 1 million former Federal employees. We believe the hackers have every affected person's Social Security number, military record, veteran status, address, birth date, job and pay history, health insurance, life insurance, email, pension information, age, gender, race, union status, and a lot more.    Worst of all, we believe the Social Security numbers were not encrypted, a basic cybersecurity failure that is absolutely indefensible and outrageous.    So, Ms. Archuleta, were the Social Security numbers encrypted?    Mr. Lynch. Ms. Archuleta, is that an I don't know?    Mr. Lynch. Can we just stick to a yes or no?    You know what, this is one of these hearings where I think I am going to know less coming out of this hearing than I did when I walked in because of the obfuscation and the dancing around that we are all doing here.    Matter of fact, I wish that you were as strenuous and hard working at keeping information out of the hands of hackers as you are keeping information out of the hands of Congress and Federal employees. It is ironic. You are doing a great job stonewalling us, but hackers not so much.    So were the Social Security numbers encrypted, yes or no?    Mr. Lynch. There you go. There you go. Now we are getting somewhere.    That is pretty basic, though. That is pretty basic, encrypting Social Security numbers.    So all this happy talk about these complex systems we are going to come up with, you are not even encrypting people's Social Security numbers. That is a shame.    Let me ask you about this Standard Form 86. Now, for those of you, obviously you know that Standard Form 86 is what we require employees to fill out if they are going to receive a security clearance. So these are people who have sensitive information. And we drill down on these folks. This is a copy of the application. It is online if people want to look at it; it is 127 pages online.    And we ask them everything; what kind of underwear they wear, what kind of toothpaste. I mean, it is a deep dive. And that is for a good reason, right? Because we want to know, when people get security clearance, that they are trustworthy. There is information here if you have ever been arrested; your financial information is in here. There is a lot of information in this form.    They hacked this. They hacked this. They got this information on Standard Form 86. So they know all these employees and everything about them that we ask them in the Standard Form 86.    Isn't that right, Ms. Seymour?    Mr. Lynch. That is probably a yes.    Like I say, I think you have to be honest with your employees, and I think that, in order to protect them, we need to let them know what is going on, because they have the email addresses in here as well, several, your first, your second, your third email address; and all that information is out there. So we need to be a little bit more, not a little bit more, we need to be more forthcoming with our own employees. These are people who work for us, and a lot of them deserve a lot more protection than they are getting right now from the United States Government and from the Office of Personnel Management.    I see my time has expired. I appreciate the indulgence of the chairman and I yield back.