    Ms. Barr. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. Good morning. Thank you for the invitation to appear before you today.    My name is Joyce Barr, and I serve as the Assistant Secretary for Administration as well as Chief FOIA Officer for the State Department. I am a career Foreign Service officer, with over 35 years of experience serving around the world.    Thank you for your interest in and advocacy for improving transparency to the public. We share that goal at the Department and work every day to achieve it.    In addition to providing a range of support services around the world, the Bureau of Administration is also responsible for responding to requests under FOIA as well as managing and maintaining official department records. The State Department is committed to openness. It is critical to ensuring the public trust and to promoting public collaboration with the U.S. Government.    However, meeting our commitment to openness is very challenging. We have a large backlog of over 16,000 FOIA requests. We know this backlog is unacceptable and are working to reduce it. Last year, we achieved a nearly 23-percent reduction in our appeals backlog by streamlining case processing. We made progress; more is needed.    The backlog is due to several factors. Our caseload increased over 300 percent since 2008. In fiscal year 2008, the Department received fewer than 6,000 new FOIA requests, but in fiscal year 2014, we received nearly 20,000. Since the beginning of this fiscal year, we have already received over 15,000 new requests.    Second, many of these cases are increasingly complex. Other national security agencies are exempt from release of some information under the FOIA. As a result, requesters often come only to the Department to request information on any and all national security issues. The Department is often the public's first and only destination for documents on these issues.    These complex requests require multiple searches throughout many of our 285 missions across the globe. They involve the review of classified or highly sensitive materials and require coordination with other Federal agencies. They can generate large amounts of material that must be reviewed by State and interagency subject-matter experts across the Federal Government.    We receive many complaints about delays, but our goal is to do everything we can to complete each request as soon as possible.    Secretary Kerry recently reinforced our commitment to transparency in his March 25 letter to our inspector general. In that letter, he recognized the work that has already been done and noted the Department is acting on a number of challenges to meet its preservation and transparency obligations. The Secretary asked the inspector general to ensure we are doing everything we can to improve and to recommend concrete steps that we take to do so.    I am here as the Department's senior FOIA official to assure you that we have committed to working cooperatively with the IG with his review and any recommendations that may follow.    My testimony for the record includes information about related issues, such as our FOIA Web site and the role we play in helping the public get access to information from Presidential libraries.    Again, the Department of State is committed to public access to information.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the committee for the opportunity to testify today and would be pleased to address questions that you or any other member of the committee may have on FOIA within the State Department. Thank you.    Ms. Barr. Yes, that's what I understand. She has told us that she did not conduct a lot of official business over email, but when she did she used a State Department account.    Ms. Barr. No, we do not have any emails from Secretary Powell. We did ask him if he had any official records. He noted when he came back to us that he started at what was then the beginning of the State Department's email age, but he did not have any records to return to us.    Ms. Barr. I have no personal knowledge about that, sir.    Ms. Barr. When we are dealing with the Federal Records Act of course we have to work with employees to maintain records. But with regard to using nongovernment email services, if people do that we ask that they capture those records by copying their official account.    We are working very hard looking forward to make sure that people understand what their requirements are. Under the Federal Records Act if, for example, they are out and their BlackBerry stops working, to make sure that they copy their accounts. But overall I would say that what is most important to us is that we have that collection now and we are processing it for----    Ms. Barr. That's correct.    Ms. Barr. No, only from Secretary Clinton.    Ms. Barr. Yes, sir.    Ms. Barr. Yes, sir.    Ms. Barr. Yes, he told us he did not have access to those anymore.    Ms. Barr. No.    Ms. Barr. No, I'm not aware. Well, I want to make sure that I understand your question. Are you asking me if I'm aware of any emails from her account that should be regarded as responsive material to this request?    Ms. Barr. Okay. No, I'm not aware of any that are responsive to this particular request.    Ms. Barr. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Barr. You mean personal?    Ms. Barr. No.    Ms. Barr. Yes. It is my understanding that she had an official State Department request.    Ms. Barr. Account.    Ms. Barr. Sorry. But I would like to also say that emails are not the only way we capture records. We have cables, memos, agendas, we have lots of other ways that we capture official records. So while in these two instances we did not have emails to respond to requests, we have other types of records that we maintain that are looked at to see if we have responsive materials when people ask us through the FOIA process.    Ms. Barr. Okay.    Ms. Barr. That are responsive to the request?    Ms. Barr. That is true. That's correct.    Ms. Barr. I am not personally familiar with what her attorney did to respond to that request, sir.    Ms. Barr. Yes, sir.    Ms. Barr. What I was saying is that the State Department did not have any emails that were responsive to the request.    Ms. Barr. I know that we have other emails for Secretary Rice. I'm not sure what we have in our collection for Secretary Powell. My statements were based on what I understood to be a summary of how we had requested a number of former Secretaries to come back to us with whether they had official records.    Ms. Barr. Okay.    Ms. Barr. Okay.    Ms. Barr. I'm not sure if I have actual emails from Secretary Powell in general. Is that what you're asking me?    Ms. Barr. I know that he did not provide any copies of emails of official records after----    Ms. Barr. Please let me finish, okay?    Ms. Barr. Yes, sir.    Ms. Barr. We don't have any emails that were responsive to our request.    Ms. Barr. Because my personal knowledge of what we might have, in general, I'm not sure.    Ms. Barr. But I thought that the question that was asked of me before was much more specific.    Ms. Barr. I know that she used a state.gov account.    Ms. Barr. And I'm sure we have access to them. But I thought that the question was in the context of responsive material or----    Ms. Barr. Because we had a request.    Ms. Barr. That's what I thought.    Ms. Barr. Yes.    Ms. Barr. We didn't provide any.    Ms. Barr. Well, if it's not responsive we don't supply it. But that doesn't mean that there are no emails, period, from her.    Ms. Barr. I know that Secretary Rice used a state.gov account.    Ms. Barr. Somewhere.    Ms. Barr. No, not personally.    Ms. Barr. Yes. It applies to all. But again Federal records can be more than email.    Ms. Barr. Okay.    Ms. Barr. No.    Ms. Barr. It is not. We ask each employee to preserve official records, and that's a responsibility for every employee.    Ms. Barr. And we have to depend on individual employees to carry out their responsibilities.    Ms. Barr. You said personally.    Ms. Barr. Yes.    Ms. Barr. That are responsive to the request.    Ms. Barr. That is correct.    Ms. Barr. Yes, sir.    Ms. Barr. Yes, I am.    Ms. Barr. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Barr. Well, I took those, that OIG report, very, very seriously. It was within the first 6 months of my tenure, and I immediately became involved in doing everything I could to address the issues.    In addition to just devoting my personal time to doing whatever I could to make sure that employees received proper leadership training, that there were more clear lines of authority, we actually moved some people around. One part of the problem was that there were supervisors who were not physically located close to the employees that they were supervising.    In addition to that, at that time I did have some positions that I was able to reallocate to that section. We also had a number of vacancies. And, in fact, at the beginning of that period when the report was being released we were able to hire a new director who made a huge difference in that section.    It is something that I am always involved with, with any of my units, but this report was like the first very negative report I'd received on one of my units when I started, so I took it very seriously.    Ms. Barr. Yes. We've closed most of the recommendations, but some of the recommendations that involved other bureaus, we are still working on it. We have to do a quarterly report to the IG, so it's something that I talk to the senior management in that section about all the time.    Ms. Barr. Yes, we are. First of all, we are participating in a government-wide working group that is dealing with records management. And I have been in a couple of those meetings myself, and I can assure you that there are very passionate and involved people working very hard on this.    In addition to that, as I mentioned earlier in my oral testimony, the Secretary himself is very much committed to preservation and transparency and has asked the OIG to look into a number of issues, and what we are doing on records management is one of those issues.    Ms. Barr. Yes, since 2008.    Ms. Barr. Yes, I do believe it would assist me. But I think that within many agencies we are all trying to meet our priorities and----    Ms. Barr. Yes, it is a priority.    Ms. Barr. I think we have to continue to work with technology to see if we can gain additional efficiencies. But I also see that the increasing requests are also part of the American public's increasing interest in what we do, and I don't expect that to abate any time soon.    Ms. Barr. Some staff as well. But I know we are all competing for resources----    Ms. Barr. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Barr. Secretary Rice told us that she did not use personal email for official business.    Ms. Barr. I know that in my oral statement today I was talking about it. Our backlogs were not acceptable. But I think in my former testimony that was being asked if I thought in general it was okay to use--if any employee would use a private email account.    Ms. Barr. What we want to make sure that we do under the Federal Records Act is to capture official records so that they are available to be a history of what we do and how we come to those decisions. We don't like for records to be separated from the agency, so we were very pleased to have these records back in our possession so that they are part of our collection and that we can make them available to the public.    Ms. Barr. I can't speak to that authoritatively. My understanding is that the Secretary said that she did it as a matter of convenience. I don't know that personally, sir.    Ms. Barr. I have no information on that, sir.    Ms. Barr. I am not aware of that, sir. I'm aware that we have them now.    Ms. Barr. We sent a letter to Secretary Clinton, as well as to Secretaries Rice, Powell, and Albright, and asked them if they had any records that might have been generated on non-Department systems that should be part of our official records.    Ms. Barr. Sir, emails are not the only records that we use.    Ms. Barr. Well, we would still search all of our records, and we would still look at things like cables, decision memos, other types of documents that we keep to provide a record of what we do, agendas.    Ms. Barr. Well, we always look at what we have, sir.    Ms. Barr. We are processing them now. And, no, we have not completed our review.    Ms. Barr. We are processing what she provided to us.    Ms. Barr. She has told us that erred on the side of inclusion.    Ms. Barr. I am not aware of whether she personally did it or if she retained counsel.    Ms. Barr. For Clinton.    Ms. Barr. No.    Ms. Barr. No.    Ms. Barr. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Barr. I think it would depend on how that person--each agency organizes this issue differently. For the State Department, I am the chief FOIA officer, but I also have a lot of other responsibilities. So I have a deputy assistant secretary that is an expert in these issues, and I consult very closely with that person.    Ms. Barr. She has assured us that she gave us everything she had. And like we do with other Federal employees, we have to depend on them to provide that information to us. So we have the documents, and we have accepted her assurance that she has given us everything that she had which should be a part of our official records.    Ms. Barr. I have no knowledge.    Ms. Barr. Yes, sir.    Ms. Barr. Yes, and we have asked the inspector general to look into some of these issues. We are cooperating with them.    Ms. Barr. I don't have that information at my fingertips, but I can get back to you.    Ms. Barr. I knew you were going to give me that information.    Ms. Barr. Well, it was my understanding that--you are talking about the email collection, not the entire process?    Ms. Barr. So you are asking me why can't the inspector general make the determination of whether we received all of the emails?    Ms. Barr. I really can't speculate on that.    Ms. Barr. Well, we have a standard process that we follow for FOIA, and it does include, if the White House has an equity in a document that we are working on, we do consult with them as appropriate. But we follow the standard FOIA process.    Ms. Barr. When we get a request in we have a team of reviewers, and many of these reviewers, because so much of our work deals with things overseas, for the most part they are retired foreign service officers, and some of them are even foreign ambassadors. In fact, we have quite a few.    They look at it. We decide where we need to search for documents. And then once we get the results of that document search back, then we go through line by line. And at that point we look at whether or not we need to coordinate with other agencies. And that would be when we would include the White House, if after they get these materials back they decide that they have an interest in that document.    Ms. Barr. I'm not familiar with who exactly, but I can take that back.    Ms. Barr. I just heard some of it, but I wanted to focus on preparing for today.    Ms. Barr. Yes, sir.    Ms. Barr. No, not offhand, sir, but I can find out.    Ms. Barr. I assume so, yes.    Ms. Barr. Personally, just what was told to us. I don't have personal knowledge of what was said.    Ms. Barr. That is true.    Ms. Barr. Yes.    Ms. Barr. Technology to help us quickly go through the various. We have information all over the world with different systems. That would be helpful. And, of course, people. And at the same time, since we do have an inspector general taking a look at our processes, we also hope to get something from that as well.    But it's a very serious problem, but for us it's also a complicated problem, just trying to get all of the information in the right place quickly so that we can be responsive.