    Ms. Chu. Thank you, Chairmen Royce and Salmon, and Ranking Member Sherman, for inviting me to take part in today's important hearing. And thank you for holding this hearing in Southern California, right next to my congressional district of Pasadena and Monterey Park. This whole area is home to so many people who are affected by what we will hear today, and this is an important opportunity to connect the work we do in Washington, DC, to home.    I particularly want to thank today's witnesses for sharing what will be heart-wrenching personal testimony on land ownership rights in Southeast Asia and what we can do to help. I have had the good fortune to speak with a few of you in the past, and I know that all of us will benefit from hearing your stories.    Land ownership is a cornerstone of a nation's economy and a necessity to rising out of poverty for many. It can encourage investment and build ties to communities. But too frequently in the developing world, weak property rights are abused to help the elite few or reward cronies at the expense of the most vulnerable. And women and those lacking education, those who need help the most, are often the most susceptible.    The two countries that we are focusing on today, Cambodia and the Philippines, are particularly egregious offenders. We are going to hear just a few stories of blatant land grabs by the powerful, and often done through force. But I know that there are many more who have had similar experiences.    In the Philippines in particular, the abuse of weak land titles that we have seen in the wake of Typhoon Haiyan in 2013 has been shocking as redevelopment becomes an excuse to push individuals out of their homes.    The governments make the apparent argument that they are working for the benefit of the country, trying to bring in investment and support growth. But their disregard for land ownership is a setback to true and stable economic growth. Few provisions exist to ensure that individuals who have lost land are compensated in a fair and long-term manner, and the benefits brought in are going to the ultra-powerful few who already control most of the wealth.    The result is that now in Cambodia, for example, three-fifths of the arable land is held by foreign agribusinesses. The massive displacement policies by these governments are creating large numbers of landless poor, many left to live in squatter colonies. This is an unacceptable situation leading to a long-term crisis.    Combined, Cambodia and the Philippines received almost $270 million in U.S. foreign aid in 2014. This gives us enormous leverage to encourage growth and reform that will help the vulnerable and not just the powerful. This is the morally right thing to do, and it is the right thing to do for long-term stability.    Today I am eager to hear expert testimony on the causes and the breadth of the problem, as well as the tools that are at our Government's disposal to push forward reforms. These stories from the second panel will drive home the urgency and humanity driving our need to act.    Thank you again for the opportunity to speak today, and I look forward to hearing from each of you.    Ms. Chu. Mr. Carouso, in 2013 the World Bank ranked the Philippines 108th out of 189 countries in the world for ease of doing business. Now, the good news is that they improved 30 places since 2012. The bad news is that they are 108th, and that reflects the country's continuing problem with poor revenue collection, inadequate spending on social services and infrastructure, government corruption and instability.    What kind of return on our investment are we seeing in the Philippines, and what is the administration's view of this stance, the world standing by the World Bank? Is there any progress really going on with the Aquino government?    Ms. Chu. In fact, Mr. Stivers, it was 37 years ago that the Philippines senate passed a comprehensive agrarian reform plan. But since then, you, the USAID, has reported that the majority of the world population remains landless and there is confusion over land titles, leading to a continuing problem with land grabbing, and much of this has to do with the outdated and contradictory laws and the powerful who are taking over these lands.    So, we know that there are more than just resources. There are legal problems that are getting in the way of getting land to the world's poor. Which of your programs would most accelerate the process, since it has been 37 years since they passed it, with not much progress?    Ms. Chu. And lastly, let me ask about Cambodia, Mr. Stivers. Last month, about 200 Cambodian villagers protested outside the Cambodian Parliament building demanding a resolution to their land dispute cases. According to the reports, lawmakers responded that the National Assembly is not the court, so they cannot decide who are the winners and losers.    While we want to maintain the independence of the courts, are there legislative solutions that can be put forward to make the judicial system more favorable to vulnerable populations? And what do you think about the feasibility of the UNHRC's proposal of an independent body to resolve these disputes?    Ms. Chu. Thank you.    Ms. Chu. Mr. Quinto and Mr. Contreras, thank you for your powerful testimony and telling us about your personal experience, the experience of your family with regard to this land grabbing. I find your stories to be utterly outrageous.    I was wondering if you could talk more about how you feel about your personal safety, your physical safety in trying to assert your rights in trying to stop this land grabbing, and in trying to get your land back as you try to fight the system. Do you fear for your personal safety, and do you think other families in the Philippines feel this way as well?    Ms. Chu. Mr. Contreras?    Ms. Chu. Mr. Quinto, I wanted to follow up on what you said about the Millennium Challenge Corporation which provides foreign assistance. It seems like there is an opportunity right now. This MCC currently has a compact with the Philippines that is set to expire in May 2016 and is in the early stages of negotiating a second compact.    What could we in Congress do to improve the situation with regard to land grabbing? I know that the MCC is not part of this hearing, but what, in your opinion, could we do to help the situation?    Ms. Chu. So it sounds like other Congress members could also write letters to MCC saying that there should be such conditions.    Ms. Chu. Thank you.    I yield back.