    Mr. Nolan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a question, and perhaps Ms. Bristol, Mr. Cannon, Mr. Hampton, Mr. Rinaldi, I would like you all to consider it.    I am perplexed, the way veterans are dealt with in this employment process. You have this shortage here. Unless my information is incorrect, there are approximately 10,000 military air controllers working and operating and helping to manage our skies. And you know, your last application period for veterans to apply was described as long-term, and it was, like, for 3 months, March of--December--or, excuse me, December 2015 to March of 2016.    Number one question is why wouldn't you open that up for them all year long, since you have a shortage and you have all these experienced, seasoned people out there? So that would be question number one.    And then help me understand. As I understand, is it correct that you--after age 31 you cannot apply, veteran or otherwise?    Mr. Nolan. Yes. So, you know, I remind you what Ralph Waldo Emerson once said about a foolish consistency. You know, why would you not consider a formula whereby 31, unless you had, you know, 1 year of successful experience and which you are going to be 32. If you had 5 years of successful operating experience, you know, it could be 36. If you had 10 years, it could be 41. It is not like they are--you know, just walked into the environment.    Why are we not coming up with a better plan to utilize and create opportunities for these men and women who have served to protect and serve us, and they have obviously--if they performed well and have a good record of performance, why wouldn't we be looking for more ways to expand the period of opportunity for them to make that decision, to--which is a tough decision. They have already been in the military for some considerable amount of time. They are trying to decide, you know, ``Do I want to go for 20,'' or, ``Do I want to enter into the civilian?''    There is an opportunity here to provide them with a longer term way to continue their service to the public, and it just doesn't seem to me that we are looking to create those opportunities that are just there, ready, prepared, experienced, seasoned. They know what they are doing, they have done it before. And here we have this shortage. Why can't we find some better ways to access that pool of talent of men and women who have served, and are ready to serve, and wanting to serve more in a civilian capacity?    Mr. Nolan. Well, you know, I appreciate----    Mr. Nolan. I was going to--is my time expired?    Mr. Nolan. Thank you.