    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And to our panel, thanks very much for being here.    If I could start with you, Mr. Stanislaus, since I guess you have won the record as being here the most, so I will start with the questions.    Do you believe that current and formerly owned Federal facilities should have to comply with the same state requirements as a private entity conducting a cleanup under     Mr. Latta. How often do you--let me just follow up. How often do Federal facilities comply with state laws and regulations? Is it all the time?    Mr. Latta. When you say that it depends on what your role is, what is the percentage that you would be involved in those sites then?    Mr. Latta. OK.    Let me ask this. Is sovereign immunity often invoked by Federal agencies?    Mr. Latta. OK.    And, also, do you believe that section 120 of CERCLA is evidence that Congress intended to waive sovereign immunity under CERCLA and to require Federal entities to comply with state cleanup laws?    Mr. Latta. OK.    Let me ask this then. Do you think that section 120 of CERCLA needs to be amended to make sure that Federal agencies do comply with state regulations and laws dealing with cleanup?    Mr. Latta. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Conger, if I could turn to you, if I could ask, does DOD recognize and comply with state land use control laws and regulations related to environmental cleanups?    Mr. Latta. Do you all look at, when you are doing your reviews, do you look at the state land use laws and how that deals with the environmental cleanup?    Mr. Latta. OK.    Let me follow up with another question, if I may. Would you please describe in detail how DOD measures success or, to the use of the term you used in your written testimony, achieves ``response complete''?    Mr. Latta. One last real quick question. Do you measure that cleanup, then, with respect to the acres you clean up? Or how do you do that on----    Mr. Latta. On the amount of acres you have cleaned?    Mr. Latta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired, and I yield back.    Mr. Latta. Well, thanks very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you very much for our witnesses for being here. I really appreciate it.    And if I could start with you, Ms. Buthker, I am going to assume from your testimony that you believe that current and formerly owned Federal facilities should have to comply with the same state requirements as a private entity conducting a cleanup under CERCLA?    Mr. Latta. OK.    And let me ask this: With your leadership at--and I hope I am pronouncing this right--at ASTSWMO, how often do Federal facilities comply with state requirements?    Mr. Latta. How often, in your experience, at ASTSWMO do you see that the Federal Government, Federal agencies are complying with state requirements?    Mr. Latta. OK.    And do you believe that section 120 of CERCLA is evidence that Congress intended to waive sovereign immunity?    Mr. Latta. And does the current waiver of sovereign immunity in CERCLA result in less oversight of Federal agency cleanups than in cleanups by private parties?    Mr. Latta. OK.    One last question, with my remaining time here. Last Congress, I introduced and the House passed H.R. 2318, which was the Federal Facility Accountability Act--and kind of following up with what you were talking about--which ensures that current and formerly owned Federal facilities will have to comply with the same State requirements as a private entity doing a cleanup under CERCLA.    And then, in your testimony, you discuss the need for this type of legislation and how your association's positions have not changed over time because your members continue to have experiences where Federal agencies use sovereign immunity to avoid compliance with state requirements during investigation and cleanup of Federal facilities.    And can you describe some of the state requirements that the Federal agencies are trying to avoid?    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    And, Mr. Chairman, in the interest of time, I am going to yield back my time and also say it is a privilege to hold the seat that Paul held.