    Ms. Hogan. Thank you very much, Madam Chairman, Ranking Member Sires, and Congresswoman Kelly. Thank you for the invitation to testify before you today and thank you for the committee's continuing support for USAID's work in Latin America and the Caribbean.    As Acting Administrator Lenhardt testified before you last week, USAID's mission across the globe is to partner to end extreme poverty and promote resilient democratic societies. USAID assistance has helped many countries of the region achieve these goals. However, despite major progress in some countries, social development and economic growth have been stymied by the dramatic rise in crime and violence in the Northern Triangle countries of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. This increase in violent crime is rooted in deep-seated social and economic inequality. It has been fueled by increases in gang violence and transnational crime.    In order to help Central American governments reverse these trends, the U.S. Government has developed an interagency strategy for the region that advances three interrelated objectives--prosperity, security and governance. The President's $1 billion request reflects our shared belief that the United States and Central America need a deeper partnership to tackle insecurity, endemic poverty, and weak governance that impacts our own national security.    First, we must increase support for broad based economic growth. This support includes improving the enabling environment for businesses to invest and grow, advancing trade and regional integration, increasing financing for small and medium enterprises, and connecting small scale farmers to the markets. It also includes a focus on employment programs for disadvantaged youth. Last year I heard from youth in the region about how USAID programs are increasing their security, expanding employment opportunities, and giving them an alternative to gang life or illegal migration.    But beyond these anecdotal testimonies we know that our citizen security programs are working. An independent evaluation concluded that fewer robberies, murders, and extortions are reported in the neighborhoods where USAID is working compared to the control group of similar communities where we are not. We now need to help governments and the private sector take these programs to scale in order to achieve longstanding national impact and national ownership.    At the national level we will provide assistance to strengthen the effectiveness, transparency, and accountability of the institutions that are charged with growing the economy, generating revenue, creating jobs, delivering basic services, ensuring justice and public safety, and protecting human rights. While the challenges ahead are great, we believe the time is right as governments of the Northern Triangle commit themselves to specific time bound policy changes that are needed to justify this increased investment.    Democracy, human rights, and good governance continues to be a high priority for USAID particularly in those countries where basic civil rights are repressed. Our programs in these closed political spaces support and empower civil society and media organizations to build their networks, advocate for citizen-led reforms, and push for greater government transparency, accountability, and effectiveness.    Another continued priority is our work to help the Haitian people build a more prosperous and secure future. We can report that in spite of a very difficult political environment, meaningful progress in Haiti is indeed occurring especially in the areas of health, agriculture, and small business development. For example, 70,000 farmers have increased yields and incomes as a result of USAID assistance.    Finally, we will continue to prioritize, mitigating the economic and social challenges that derive from the harmful effects of climate change. Droughts in Central America and extreme weather events in the Caribbean are linked to rising levels of food insecurity and deeper levels of poverty due to the loss of crops, infrastructure, and income. By adapting and mitigating the negative impacts of climate change, communities will become more resilient and better able to protect their investment.    There is also a very positive trend in the region as the private sector is starting to see that development is good for business. In the past 2 years, USAID has leveraged over $350 million in private sector resources to complement our investments in development. Partnerships with U.S. companies like Chevron, Hanes, Cisco, Intel, and Microsoft all play a vital role in our citizen security work providing education, training, and employment opportunities for at-risk youth.    Increased evidence of political will coupled with proven strategies for success make a compelling case for increased investment that will improve the security and prosperity of the region and at home. Thank you for your time and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Hogan. No.    Ms. Hogan. Yes, I would like to add to that. In terms of a playbook we really do think we have a model that can be taken to scale, and that model as Roberta just suggested was developed in concert with those cities whereby we have seen gang violence actually go down. In fact we are using the tools from the L.A. government, state government, in terms of focusing in on who are the young people in these communities that are most at risk for joining gangs. Rather than having sort of a broad based plan, we are trying to single and narrow in on those who don't have mentors, don't have parents at home, are idle, are out of school. I mean there is a whole series of criteria that helps us get at the ones that are the most vulnerable.    Secondly, we have also learned that a place based strategy is the most effective way to go, and by that I mean we go in along with INL, together, and we look at a community, not just at the community level but really block by block in terms of understanding where is the most serious crime happening and then how do we engage the community in developing crime reduction strategies? How do we engage the religious community, the business community, municipal governance community, and parents? And they have come up with these security plans for their communities that create safe spaces. Simple things like lighting and painting. A community center can really help quite a bit.    And so that is why we have seen that when we apply these tools to these communities and compare it against very similar communities where we are not working we see great reductions in the crime levels in those communities. So this is a model that works and we are very eager to take it to scale.    Ms. Kelly of Illinois. And I support you greatly.    I just wanted to ask a question about Haiti as it pertains to health efforts, health, literacy and educating the most vulnerable populations in Haiti on health resources and wellness options. What do you feel are the greatest barriers you are seeing on the health front?    Ms. Hogan. Actually we are seeing great progress in the health sector in Haiti and we are very encouraged by it. Every 5 years they conduct a demographic health survey, and we have seen just last year the latest survey has revealed that malnutrition for children under five is going down. Infant mortality is going down. Vaccination rates are going up. We have the advantage of a very strong Minister of Health in Haiti.    And so along with the World Bank, we are trying to help them develop their systems in such a way that we can get out of the direct service delivery role that we have been in in Haiti, forever, and channel our resources through that Ministry. But we are going to do it very carefully, very cautiously, but we think that that is the way that we can create the kind of sustainability that Haitian institutions need. And I say we are starting in the Health Ministry because that is where we see the greatest potential.    Ms. Kelly of Illinois. Are there any investments we should specifically be making? Is there any----    Ms. Hogan. Yes, in fact we run, we pay for 168 clinics across the country and through those clinics we reach up to 50 percent of the population. That is what we want to turn over. Also we are working in the Ministry to improve their health information systems, their procurement systems, and their hiring systems so that they can become a modern, transparent, and accountable Ministry. And as I say, we are blessed in all of the changes that have happened in Haiti with the cabinet membership changing almost on a 6-month basis, we have had the same Minister of Health over the last 5 years and we are very, very happy about that.    Ms. Kelly of Illinois. Thank you. And thank you, Madam Chair.    Ms. Hogan. Right. Well, of course as you know what we are requesting is resources to support civil society organizations. There is a limited number of those organizations, but we will continue to provide the kind of support that allows them to document human rights abuses, to report them, to press for protection of civil society leaders.    We are also working to break the information blockade, if you will, and help these organizations get access to independent media and also to publicize what is happening in Venezuela, and then finally to press for citizen-led reforms and strengthening their ability to do that. We think that the amount of resources that we have available is about right to continue to support their efforts, and there are very brave people that are doing very important work under very difficult circumstances.    Ms. Hogan. Thank you for that question. In fact we are increasing our request for democracy and governance resources in Nicaragua as well as in Central America. But in Ecuador, even though we no longer have a presence in Ecuador, we have asked for and received resources so that we can continue to support civil society organizations. And we are also supporting municipal level leadership and the engagement between municipal leaders and the civil society actors who are now learning and practicing democratic principles at the local level.    So I would say quite the contrary. We stand with civil society in closing political spaces. We will continue to do so. And our resource request as you will see is for more resources to do that kind of thing.    Ms. Hogan. Thank you for that question. Indeed we do have a program on climate change in Mexico to do the kinds of things that you have talked about, because Mexico is not only an emitter of greenhouse gases, I think it is the 12th in the world, it also is emerging as a leader to show the rest of the developing world what is possible in terms of changing their economies to a point where they can invest in clean energy.    So one of the things that we partner with them on is, for example, a clean energy tech challenge whereby we provide seed funding to entrepreneurs who come up with marketable ideas for growing a green business. For example, one such company is a company that is taking agricultural waste and turning that into briquettes that can then be used as a low-cost renewable fuel.    So those are the kinds of things that we are trying to encourage. Those are the kind of models that we think other countries can adopt and we support that leadership role that Mexico is taking in doing just that.    Ms. Hogan. That is correct.    Ms. Hogan. That is correct.