    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank each of you for being here and also thank you to the 60 or so of you who are here from the World Jewish Congress. I noticed that you were here because you were arguing with each other on which way to get to the hearing room and it is a pleasure to have you here.    Sadly, this is an all too familiar theme and what we have heard and I will speak from the heart today because for this particular issue, it is a passion for me. It is one that we must continue to not only voice and articulate, but do it in a way that is persuasive where we can bring the rest of the world to an understanding of what happens each and every day. And I say each and every day because there are over 550 violent anti-Semitic crimes that are perpetrated every year. And so when we look at that and I am not just talking about slights, I am talking about violent incidents, so almost two a day, that are being experienced across the country and across the world.    And when we look at that, to put it in context, we have not seen this level since the days of World War II. And when we look at that, it is troubling when we can see that kind of rhetoric, hostility, and truly a hatred that continues to come out and honestly be justified because of some action that is happening somewhere else. To think that this would be an action that could somehow be justified because of a political, geopolitical thing that is happening throughout the world is inexcusable.    But I also think that it is critical for us to continue to raise the awareness. There is a generation that is coming up that do not know from history other than reading in textbooks what happened during World War II. It is not personal. The Holocaust survivors are truly disappearing at an alarming rate just because of age and yet, we are not doing a good job of truly educating and informing the generation to come.    And so my plea to each one of you is as Chairman Smith raises this issue in this hearing and the witness testimony hopefully will highlight it today, is that I need you to redouble your effort in your communities, in your synagogues, in the places where you do business, to make sure that this message continues to get told to the generations that are coming.    I will close with this. It is a personal story of my wife and I on the banks of a river in Budapest and there on the banks are some shoes, some bronze shoes. They are a reminder of a terrible, terrible thing that happened long ago. And yet, if we do not stand firm today, that same tragedy could happen again, and in ways is happening again today. And so I look forward to the testimony and I join the chairman in an unyielding resolve to make sure that we address this particular issue. And I thank the chairman.    Mr. Meadows . And I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for his passion and his willingness to work on this. I would echo what he just indicated. Headlines are headlines. Thirty-second sound bites, sixty-second sound bites, they sell media, but anybody who is watching this, they need to know that it is the foundation, the friendship, truly, the support both Democrat and Republican is unyielding and unwavering and as much as may be made out of that and running that abroad, I think you will find very quickly that there is a very unified effort to stand up for this particular cause. So I thank the gentleman for bringing it up.    Ambassador Lauder, I am going to go to you, first, and ask a very quick question. Maybe just a series and then recognize the gentleman from Minnesota that has a different accent than I do, Mr. Emmer.    Ambassador, one of the issues that you have been driving home is that America must lead on this particular issue and that when we don't, when we are silent, it has real implications in Europe and abroad, is that correct?    Ambassador Lauder. That is correct.    Mr. Meadows. So if we are to be more than a hearing and more than just words, what is the most powerful way that we can show our support for the Jewish people? Because you know, it is interesting, Mr. Cukierman is talking about Zion versus being Jewish. I have never known anybody that hates a piece of land. And you know, when you really look at the Nation of Israel, it is really what it embodies that they hate versus really a geographical location. So what can we do?    Ambassador Lauder. We can start talking about it, taking action ourselves, standing up, and saying for example, I gave the example of France and what happened. There was not one person that didn't notice that there was no American presence in that front line. And I must tell you that symbolism had a major effect on people.    It is important that we stand up, that we start talking about it and say there is no room for it. If there is a neo-Nazi party in a country, we must stand up and say that is unacceptable for that country.    If we see that there is anti-Semitic direction of a group, we must say that is unacceptable. That is not there. And I really believe the time is now.    Mr. Meadows. All right, Mr. Cukierman, how do we balance the line between free speech and truly standing up for hatred? It is a little known fact, I was born in France, actually, but I have been where there has been a number of demonstration, pro-Palestinian demonstrations in Paris and so how do we allow for this free speech, but yet not the results that may come from it?    Mr. Meadows. All right, so let me ask you maybe a little tougher question that you can weigh in on. The United States gives millions of dollars in foreign aid to a number of countries, most countries in some shape, form, or fashion. If incitement, and that is what I am hearing you talk about, really, it is more about incitement against the Jewish people. If incitement continues to be epidemic, should there be some tie to that foreign aid where we can get the attention? I will let you weigh in.    Mr. Meadows. Right.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Asmussen?    Mr. Meadows. All right, thank you very much. I am going to close with this one story and then yield to the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Emmer.    I want to encourage each one of you. Ambassador Lauder, you talked about how the narrative during the Gaza conflict was one-sided. It was infuriating to me to see headline after headline after headline to be--and yet, I had on my phone an app that is called Red Alert. Many of you may have that on your phone and I got it. I was talking to the Ambassador one day, long before the conflict and it had gone on 42 times, I believe. This was at 11 o'clock in the morning. It was not being mentioned anywhere, no headlines, no nothing. And I asked the Ambassador, I said, ``What is that?'' And he said, ``Well, it is an app that I have on my phone that is called Red Alert.'' I said, ``Boy, I would love to have that, it would at least let me know when the missiles are coming in.'' He said, ``Well, you can have it. The only problem is, it is in Hebrew.''    Well, Hebrew is not a normal language in North Carolina and so we actually went to that. And had it translated and so it is on a number of Members' phones, a number of people I--I know there has been well over 1 million downloads. And so I would encourage you as something to be a reminder. Because even as recent as January, there were missiles going into Israel and it is important that we do that. And so I thank you because we have got to change the narrative, Ambassador.    I am going to recognize the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Emmer.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlemen. I thank each of you for your testimony here today. Chairman Smith actually is monitoring this, his staff is monitoring it. He has been having a few health issues. We will support and actually give some questions for each one of you that you can respond in writing for the record. I would also ask each of you if you have two recommendations on what you would like to see the United States to do, if you would just submit that to the committee, we will make sure that that gets passed around and we will take action on that.    And so I want to close out by saying there are many times when this battle may seem like we are losing the battle and indeed many battles have been lost. But ultimately, the victory in the war will be ours if we continue to fight arm in arm and stand arm in arm together. I for one, and I know a number of my colleagues are willing to do that so thank you for your testimony. Thank you for being here. God bless. This is adjourned.