    Mr. Barletta. The subcommittee will come to order.    I would like to thank Chairman Shuster for the opportunity to serve again as chairman of this subcommittee.    Ranking Member Carson, welcome back.    Mr. Barletta. I look forward to building on our bipartisan record of accomplishments from last Congress.    Mr. Barletta. Let me welcome the new and returning members of the subcommittee to our first hearing.    Last Congress, we saved $2.2 billion on GSA projects and passed the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act. These were major accomplishments, and I thank everyone who was involved in them.    This Congress, my two top priorities are going to be public buildings reform and disaster legislation.    I think that we can exceed the GSA savings from last Congress, and we have some important reforms to tackle in the emergency management world. I hope that we can have disaster legislation and a GSA reform bill ready for the committee to consider in the first half of this year.    Now, the purpose of today's hearing is to launch a public policy debate about the growing human and financial costs of disasters and to review if we, as a Nation, are responding in the most appropriate and cost-effective way.    The private sector and Government are spending an ever-increasing amount of money on disasters. FEMA alone has obligated more than $178 billion since 1989, over 1,300 Presidential disaster declarations. Those numbers are going up, and I don't believe we fully understand why or what can be done to reduce those losses and protect our citizens.    Over the past 8 years, Chairman Shuster and this committee made critical emergency management reforms through the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act and the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act. These bills and the hard work of FEMA and our State and local partners have made tremendous improvements to our disaster response capabilities since Hurricane Katrina. Now is the time to take a look at how the Nation responds to disasters and where we want to head in the future.    There has not been a comprehensive assessment of disaster aid and trends in at least 20 years. In recent years, specifically in reaction to Hurricanes Katrina and Sandy, significant disaster aid has been provided outside the standard disaster relief programs.    There are many questions we should try and answer. For example, how much do we really spend on disasters? Where is the money going, and what are the key drivers of those cost increases? How have disaster programs evolved over time? Are they still targeted at the greatest need, and are they cost beneficial? What are the principles guiding Federal assistance, and how is it used to rebuild in the wake of a disaster? How can we bend the growing cost curve and ensure there is less damage and fewer people hurt in the future?    Some of the answers may surprise you, as they have surprised me. I noticed in Mr. McCarthy's testimony, only a handful of disasters account for over 90 percent of all disaster spending since 1989. So if we want to understand why Federal disaster costs are growing, we need to understand why a handful of mega-disasters cost so much.    Right after I became a Member of Congress, my district was hit hard by Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee. I remember in Bloomsburg, a family stayed in their home and tried to move their possessions to an upper floor, but Fishing Creek rose too quickly. The house next to theirs was knocked from its foundation. Water started gushing through their front windows as they called for help. They had to be saved by a helicopter. The woman there told me that she can never live in that home again.    I will never forget that preparing for natural disasters is about more than the loss of possessions. It is our friends' and neighbors' lives that could be at stake if we do not plan in advance.    As we were rebuilding, I was amazed that much of the Federal assistance was to rebuild in the same place in the same way, leaving people vulnerable to the next storm. We have to be compassionate and responsive to our citizens, but we also have a duty to be good stewards of the taxpayer dollar.    I am committed to establishing a framework to tackle these issues and come up with solutions that are driven by facts and data rather than the emotion that inevitably follows a disaster. I don't have all the answers, but we will put together the right people to get them.    The first step is this hearing, where we have brought together some key people to launch this discussion. I am also excited to announce that following this hearing, on February 26, we will host the first of several roundtables on this topic. The first roundtable will look at disaster losses from all levels of Government and the private sector. I look forward to the ongoing conversations starting with hearing from our witnesses here today, and I want to thank you all for being here.    I ask unanimous consent that members of the full committee not on the subcommittee be permitted to sit with the subcommittee at today's hearing and ask questions. Without objection, so ordered.    I now call on the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Carson, for a brief opening statement.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Ranking Member Carson.    Now, we will have two panels of witnesses today.    On our first panel we have Administrator Fugate, the current Administrator of FEMA, who brings tremendous emergency management experience as well as successes in implementing key reforms and driving progress at FEMA.    On our second panel we will be joined by Mr. Francis McCarthy, an expert at CRS, that will show us the trends in disaster assistance and how assistance has evolved over time.    Mr. Bryan Koon, the Director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management, is here to talk with us about his experience, as well as help us see things from a State perspective.    Administrator David Paulison who led FEMA in the wake of Hurricane Katrina and through the implementation of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act. He will discuss the changes he has seen in disasters and provide some thoughts on ways to address the rising cost of disasters.    Finally, we are joined by Chief Brian Fennessy, Assistant Fire Chief for the Emergency Operations in San Diego, who will share his experience in emergency management, specifically the alarming trends in wild fire activity in this country.    I ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record. Without objection, so ordered.    Since your written testimony has been made a part of the record, this subcommittee would request that you limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes.    Administrator Fugate, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, for your testimony Administrator Fugate.    I will now begin the first round of questions limited to 5 minutes for each Member. If there are additional questions following the first round, we will have additional rounds of questions as needed.    We all know disaster costs are going up dramatically. What do you think are driving those costs, and can we do anything about them?    Mr. Barletta. We continue to see new disaster aid programs emerge ad hoc in reaction to disasters. They all seem to have different rules and requirements and do not seem well coordinated or focused on obtaining the best outcomes. Is this something Congress should take a look at so that we can streamline these programs and ensure that they are cost effective?    Mr. Barletta. What incentives do you think the Federal Government could provide the States to encourage better disaster preparation planning, budgeting, and smarter rebuilding to reduce future losses and costs?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    I will now recognize each Member for 5 minutes of questions, and I will start with Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Barletta. I will now recognize Mr. Curbelo.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. Curbelo.    And I would like to recognize Ms. Norton for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Ms. Norton.    Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Graves.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fugate, thank you very much for being here today. I appreciate your testimony and certainly share a lot of friends of yours, Paul Rainwater and Kevin Davis and others.    In your testimony, I noticed that you made reference to the study that was done by the Congressional Budget Office noting that every $1 invested in mitigation activities saves $3, and, of course, the FEMA study National Institute of Building Science that shows that there is $4 in savings. I noticed last year in FEMA's budget, as I recall, they were zeroing out of the predisaster mitigation.    Just curious, you made reference in your testimony, curious about your, I guess, how FEMA has responded to the findings of those studies.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Costello.    Mr. Barletta. I would like to work with you on that. I think there is something that we can do. Time is money when it comes to rebuilding.    I would like to recognize each Member for an additional 5 minutes for questions, and I will start.    We saw firsthand the tremendous progress already being made to rebuild and protect NYU Langone Medical Center in New York City, particularly when compared to the significant delays experienced by Charity Hospital in New Orleans. Can you attribute the expedited recovery to the new authorities granted to FEMA in the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act? And what other benefits are being experienced?    Mr. Barletta. What are some of the most alarming trends you have observed in disaster preparedness, response, and recovery?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Chair will now recognize Ranking Member Carson for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. Carson.    The Chair recognizes Ms. Norton for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. The Chair would recognize Mr. Graves for 5 minutes.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fugate, I wanted to go back on a few things that followed up on Congressman Curbelo's questioning, one of which is the National Flood Insurance Program. And certainly we can go back over Biggert-Waters at length.    In south Louisiana, we have lost about 1,900 square miles of wetlands, I would say about 90 percent of the coastal wetlands lost in the United States, in the continental U.S. And what that does is it makes the Gulf of Mexico that much closer to our costal communities, thereby increasing their vulnerability.    Under Biggert-Waters, before the changes that were enacted, the actuarial rates in some cases increased rates 20, 30, 40 times what they were previously. This increase in vulnerability, whether it is real or not, is not the fault of these people. It is largely, based on studies, actually the result of Federal actions tied to the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project dating back to 1928.    When you add on top of that some of the V Zone restrictions that were put in place, when you add on top of that some of the challenges that I noted earlier with regard to these Corps of Engineers projects that were noted to have a positive cost-to-benefit ratio, yet stuck in project development processes for decades literally, we are missing opportunities to save taxpayer dollars by being proactive rather than being reactive, which is always more expensive, as the two studies we noted before show.    There are opportunities here to make communities more resilient and to save taxpayer dollars. And I understand that not all of those are within the purview of your agency. But I just want to urge, and, again, going back to the comments of Ms. Holmes Norton, the better coordination between FEMA and the Corps of Engineers, there are opportunities here, there are projects here where these communities can be made more resilient, to where hurricanes and other disasters are rainy days as opposed to catastrophic losses, as we have seen in recent years.    I wanted to perhaps correct the record on a comment you made or just provide a little bit more context on the National Flood Insurance Program. You made a comment that the program was $20 billion in debt. And I know that you have seen the studies. When you go back and look at it, you can justify that the program is in the black anywhere from $9 billion to $16 billion. And you and I may not agree on that, but I think it is noteworthy. You also have seen the GAO study indicating that up to 66 percent of the premiums that have been retained by the Write-Your-Owns in the form of commissions not going into the fund.    And, lastly, as I recall from the 2005 storms, the NFIP program borrowed $17 billion, which obviously is the majority of the debt that you referenced. But you have General Strock, who was the Corps of Engineers, who indicated that Katrina was an engineering failure of the Corps of Engineers, yet the NFIP ratepayers are the ones left holding the bag in this case. And so I just wanted to make sure that that was also included in the record to not distort the solvency of the NFIP program.    I also wanted to be clear that Louisiana is perhaps somewhat of an anomaly and that the vulnerability is not as a result of decisions communities have made in most cases, it is a result of the changing landscape, largely a result of Federal actions that have had adverse consequences on these communities and the environment in south Louisiana.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. Fugate, for your testimony today. Your comments have been helpful to today's discussion. And I look forward to working with you on our legislation. Your input and support is vital to getting it right and getting it signed into law. So thank you.    We will now call our second panel. And I remind you of the subcommittee's request to limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes. And we will let our panel get in place.    Mr. McCarthy, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Is your microphone on?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony.    And we apologize for the sound system. That was painful for us as well.    Administrator Paulison, you may proceed, and hopefully your microphone will work properly.    Mr. Barletta. Unfortunately, we are going to have to pass that one over there. Thank you.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Paulison.    Mr. Koon, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Koon.    Mr. Fennessy, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Chief Fennessy.    We will now begin the first round of questions limited to 5 minutes for each Member. If there are any additional questions following the first round, we will have additional rounds of questions as needed.    If we can pass the microphone down to Mr. McCarthy.    Mr. McCarthy, you have analyzed the history of our Nation's disaster assistance authorities and the creation of FEMA. Can you explain some of the basic principles that are fundamental to FEMA's assistance programs and the Nation's approach to disaster recovery?    Mr. Barletta. As you testified, the cost of natural disasters are driven by just a few events. If we are to look for solutions to reduce the costs, we are going to have to understand what factors are resulting in the few events being so expensive. Do you have a sense of what some of those factors may be?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes Ranking Member Carson for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. Carson.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Graves for 5 minutes.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you.    I was reading some of the testimony earlier, and going back on the same things, questions to Administrator Fugate. Could you talk perhaps, Mr. Paulison, a little bit about some of your experiences with predisaster mitigation as opposed to post-disaster response and cost savings associated with those activities?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you, Mr. Graves.    Chair recognizes Ms. Norton.    Mr. Barletta. I now recognize each Member for an additional 5 minutes.    This question is to Mr. McCarthy and Mr. Paulison. Both of you have testified to increasing costs and losses associated with disasters. Where do you see these trends going absent a shift in public policy?    Mr. McCarthy.    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Paulison, given your extensive background in disaster response and recovery, what are your thoughts on ways that the Federal Government could help reduce costs and losses related to disasters?    Mr. Barletta. To all witnesses briefly, if any of you, we will start with Mr. McCarthy, are you aware of examples where States have used Federal programs to invest in a way that has already shown to have avoided additional damage and loss?    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Koon.    Mr. Barletta. And, Mr. Fennessy.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Chair now recognizes Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Before closing, I have one final question to all witnesses. What do you think of our proposal to conduct a comprehensive review of disaster assistance and perhaps create a task force or a blue ribbon commission to lead this study and develop solutions? And would this effort be helpful to reducing future disaster costs and better protect our communities?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. I look forward to working with each and every one of you and welcome your input as we move forward on this initiative. And I want to thank you all for your testimony. Your comments have been very helpful to today's discussion.    I have also received written statements for the record from the Interlocking Concrete Pavement Institute and the National Concrete Masonry Association. I thank these organizations for their input on these important topics, and I ask unanimous consent that these two statements be included in the record. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Barletta. If there are no further questions, I would ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing, and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for any additional comments and information submitted by Members or witnesses to be included in the record of today's hearing. Without objection.    I would like to again thank our witnesses for their testimony today. This meeting is adjourned.