    Mr. Gomez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the subcommittee, good morning. I am pleased to be here today to discuss our work on hazardous waste cleanup at Federal facilities.    The Federal Government owns over 700 million acres of land. Some of this land is managed by the Departments of Agriculture, Interior, Defense, and Energy and is contaminated with hazardous waste that poses serious risks to human health and the environment. The cleanup of these sites can require substantial time and expense, as you have heard already.    In response, Congress passed CERCLA, also known as Superfund, which requires owners and operators of hazardous waste to notify the Environmental Protection Agency of the existence of their potentially contaminated facilities. Based on the risks a site poses, EPA may place the site on the National Priorities List, a list that includes some of the Nation's most seriously contaminated sites. As of September this year, there are 158 Federal sites on the list.    My statement today summarizes the results of several reports on the topic. I will talk about three key points: first, the number of contaminated and potentially contaminated Federal sites for the four departments; two, spending on and estimates of future costs for cleanup at these sites; and three, EPA's role in maintaining the list of contaminated and potentially contaminated Federal sites and ensuring that preliminary assessments of such sites are complete.    The first point is that, while the four departments have identified thousands of contaminated and potentially contaminated sites, they do not have a complete inventory of sites, in particular for abandoned mines.    Specifically, while the U.S. Department of Agriculture had identified over 1,400 contaminated sites and many potentially contaminated sites, the Department did not have a reliable centralized site inventory for abandoned mines. The Department's Forest Service estimated that there were from 27,000 to 39,000 abandoned mines on its land. The Department of the Interior had an inventory of 4,722 sites with confirmed or likely contamination. However the Department's Bureau of Land Management had identified over 30,000 abandoned mines that were not yet assessed for contamination, and this inventory was not complete.    The Department of Defense reported to Congress in June of 2014 that it had 38,804 sites in its inventory of sites with contamination. The Department had the greatest number of sites on the National Priorities List. The Department of Energy reported that it had 16 sites in 11 States with contamination, and, as you have heard already, the Department is responsible for one of the world's largest environmental cleanup programs.    Second, with regards to the cost of cleanup at these sites, the four departments reported allocating and spending millions of dollars annually on environmental cleanup, and an estimated future cost in the hundreds of millions of dollars or more in environmental liabilities.    For example, the Department of the Interior allocated for fiscal year 2013 about $13 million for environmental cleanup efforts and reported $192 million in environmental liabilities. The Department of Energy received an annual appropriation of about $5.9 billion in fiscal year 2015 to support cleanup activities, and, in 2014, the Department estimated its total liability for environmental cleanup at almost $300 billion.    Third, as of August 2015, EPA had compiled a docket of over 2,300 Federal sites that may pose a risk to human health and the environment. EPA has noted that it is difficult to know about a site if the agencies have not reported it. EPA is also responsible for ensuring that Federal agencies assess the sites for contamination and has established 18 months as a reasonable timeframe for agencies to complete preliminary assessments. However, some agencies may take 2 or 3 years to complete an assessment.    So, in summary, there are thousands of contaminated sites, and the list is not complete. The four departments have spent millions annually for cleanup and have estimated future costs in the billions of dollars. And, lastly, EPA has compiled a docket of over 2,300 Federal sites that may pose a risk to human health and the environment.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Tonko, members of the subcommittee, that concludes my statement, and I would be happy to respond to questions.    Mr. Gomez. Certainly. Yes, we did note that in the report.    EPA has essentially set 18 months as a reasonable timeframe for agencies to complete preliminary assessments. And what we found was that some agencies were taking 2 to 3 years to complete them. So we suggested that Congress consider giving EPA the authority to actually enforce that requirement. And we don't specifically set what that requirement should be, but we do note that EPA has already set a reasonable timeframe of 18 months.    Mr. Gomez. That is something I would have to get back to you, Mr. Tonko. I have to get back to you on that.    Mr. Gomez. Sure.    So, as I noted in the opening statement and also in our report, Interior and Agriculture have identified thousands of contaminated sites, but their inventory, particularly for abandoned mines, is incomplete, and in some cases not reliable. In the case of the Forest Service, the different regional offices have different ways of gathering information.    And just one example on the Interior side is, for example, the Bureau of Land Management estimated an additional 100,000 mines that have yet to be inventoried in three States. And those are the States of California, Nevada, and Utah. So they have, we believe, quite a bit of work to do when it comes to abandoned mines.    Mr. Gomez. Sure.    One disagreement is between EPA and Interior with regards to the overall approach to listing sites on the docket that are not reported to EPA by the agencies. Interior believes that CERCLA does not give EPA the discretion to list sites unless Interior reports those sites to EPA and that EPA should limit listing only sites that agencies report to it.    Now, both Interior and USDA also believe that abandoned mines should not be listed on the docket. And the idea there is that these sites have contamination that wasn't caused by the agencies. EPA's view on that is, regardless of whether the contamination was caused by someone else or the Federal agency, these sites are now under the ownership of the Federal Government, and the Federal Government needs to take responsibility for it.    Mr. Gomez. It is a work in progress at the moment. And that is why we call attention to it, the inventories are not complete, and there is disagreement about what should be added to the docket.    Mr. Gomez. Correct.    And, also, for example, the docket includes sites that no longer need to be addressed. So it has sites that are contaminated sites, that are potentially contaminated, and then sites that don't need to be addressed. There is no method currently to remove those sites from the docket.    Mr. Gomez. The docket is more of a historical record.    Mr. Gomez. So we did work a number of years ago where we looked at 11 DOD installations, those installations had yet to enter into interagency agreements with the EPA, even though they had already been listed on the National Priorities List, in some cases for years. And we found that the lack of these interagency agreements resulted in delays of cleaning up those sites.    Now, as of March 2013, when we looked into the issue again, most of those sites had interagency agreements. There were only two that did not. And, currently, there is only one site that doesn't have an interagency agreement.    Mr. Gomez. So the work that we did had focused on the Department of Defense because they have the majority of National Priorities List sites. We didn't look at the other agencies, so we don't know if that problem also exists there. Perhaps our witness from EPA might be able to shed some light on that.    Mr. Gomez. Sure. Thank you.    So, with regards to the Department of Agriculture, they have identified almost 1,500 sites that are contaminated or potentially contaminated. Also, the Forest Service estimates that from 27,000 to 39,000 abandoned mines on its land, and approximately 20 percent of those may pose some level of risk to public health or the environment.    Now, on the Interior side, Interior has identified over 4,700 sites with confirmed or likely contamination. And the Bureau of Land Management has also identified over 30,000 abandoned mines that were not yet assessed for contamination.    And I would also mention that, in addition to that, there was those additional 100,000 mines that need to be inventoried in three states.    Mr. Gomez. Sure. So the work that we did, which was issued in January of this year, focused on the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior. We have not looked at what the Department of Energy or Department of Defense have in its inventory.    Mr. Gomez. Yes. There are some, for example, NASA sites that are out there. There was some work that the NASA IG was doing. So we didn't look at NASA in our work.    Mr. Gomez. Sure. So the estimates, as I noted also, are in the hundreds of millions of dollars.    And just to give you some examples, maybe some examples that I didn't mention, is the U.S. Department of Agriculture, for example, allocated in fiscal year 2013 over $22 million to do environmental cleanup and then also reported $176 million in environmental liabilities.    The Department of Defense spent almost $30 billion from 1986 to 2008 across all environmental cleanup and restoration activities at its installations. And then in its fiscal year 2014 financial report, DOD reported $58.6 billion in environmental liabilities.    Mr. Gomez. Yes. They go through the process of identifying the mines, and they are making their own assessments of it. But we didn't look specifically at that process. We were looking mainly at identification. Those are good questions that we can follow up with.    Mr. Gomez. So, for those cases that do end up on the National Priorities List, EPA does oversee those sites----    Mr. Gomez . And so EPA does provide that expertise.    Mr. Gomez. Do they have that expertise?    Mr. Gomez. Again, we weren't looking at the workforce of the agencies to see if they have the expertise or not. But, as I said, for those sites that end up on the National Priorities List, EPA is doing the oversight.