    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Chairman, General Dunford, first of all, thank you all for your service to our country.    General Dunford, how would you assess our combined arms capability today that we have been involved in counterinsurgency warfare for quite some time, although we are more to an advise and assist role. But I am concerned about just the fact that we haven't trained for some time. And how would you make that assessment?    General Dunford. Congressman, there is no question that over the course of almost a decade involved in primarily counterinsurgency operations, the joint force's ability to integrate combined arms at the high end eroded. We are probably about 2\1/2\ years or 3 years into focusing on that once again.    Are we where we need to be? No, we are not. And that is exactly why we are focused on both restoring full-spectrum readiness as well as making sure our exercises regenerate the kind of capability that we had some 10 or 15 years ago, that we are all confident that we had 10 or 15 years ago.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you.    Mr. Secretary and General Dunford, I am concerned that--I would hope respectively that we would take a harder look at shifting more capability to the Guard and Reserve and also not allowing them to lapse into being a strategic reserve and to somehow maintain them as an operational reserve.    Now, take a look at their training requirements, take a look at potentially mobilizing them on a periodic basis even in a peacetime role to maintain their effectiveness. But I think that we are not taking a hard enough look prospectively at being able to more cost-effectively maintain our capability but to utilize the Guard and Reserve more. And I wonder if both of you could comment on that.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you.    I do think that there are--when I look at the personnel cost differences between an Active Duty soldier and Guard and Reserve member, nondeployed, that they are fairly extraordinary. And so whatever we can do, I think, to be able to save money but maintain capability I think we really need to take a look at going forward.    I think the last question, in your view, this attack in Belgium, is it a result of the fact that we are making gains in Iraq and Syria in terms of rolling back ISIS and ISIS needs to maintain the narrative of being ascendant in order to attract recruits and money from across the radical Islamic world in that this is a way to maintain that narrative by striking outside their territory?    General Dunford. Congressman, I can't say whether this particular attack is a result of that, but we have always said, and we anticipate, that as we put increased pressure on the enemy in Iraq and Syria and their narrative begins to erode because their freedom of movement erodes, the resources erode and so forth, that they are going to lash out and conduct terrorist attacks.    And so we would expect the kinds of things we saw in Belgium to be a result of pressure that they feel in other places. There is no question about it. They will balance conventional tactics, which we have seen from the enemy, with guerilla tactics in places like Syria and Iraq when they are not as successful, with terrorist attacks around the world to maintain relevance and to continue to jihad. There is no question about it.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    If you all will allow me, I have got just a couple issues I want to touch on right quick.    Mr. McCord, we have talked a lot about readiness and training and maintenance. It is true, is it not, that virtually all the money for training, for maintenance of aircraft and so forth, is in the base part of the budget?