    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing, and I look forward to examining the continuum of federal child nutrition programs which are the lifelines for approximately 40 million children who rely on them for healthy food every day.    I would like to extend my thanks to all of the witnesses, but especially the First Lady of my home state of Virginia, Dorothy McAuliffe. She has been focusing not only on ending childhood hunger, but also improving access to Virginia's fresh and locally-grown agricultural commodities. This dual goal helps children, supports our farmers and strengthens local economies.    More than 60 years ago, through the enactment of the first federal child nutrition program, the National School Lunch Act of 1946, Congress recognized that feeding hungry children was not just a moral imperative but also an imperative for the health and security of our nation.    Today, a majority of the American public school students, 51 percent, are eligible for free and reduced school lunch prices. According to the latest USDA data, 15.8 million, or over 21 percent of children live in households facing a constant struggle against hunger. The rates are nearly double for African-American children at almost 40 percent, and significantly higher for Hispanic children at almost 30 percent.    The continuum of child nutrition programs and policies that we will be discussing today are vital to the long-term successes of our nation's children and, through them, our nation itself. Through WIC prenatal programs to school and summer meals and child care food programs, participation in these programs has resulted in positive health outcomes for low income children and are 4:1 return on investment. For example, WIC saves over $4 for every $1 invested in the program due to fewer low birth-weight and pre-term babies, which costs our nation over $26 billion a year.    Hunger is linked to lower student achievement and poorer behavioral outcomes. These programs are powerful tools in providing greater economic opportunities for at-risk youth and helping them break free of the tragic cycle of poverty.    While access to food is vitally important, equally important is access to nutritious, high-quality food. But 30 million children rely on the national school lunch and breakfast programs. Students consume up to half of their daily calories while at school, and, for many children, school-based meals are their primary source of nutrition.    Foods that are too high in fat and sugar have been linked to weaker educational and behavioral outcomes. They also lead to childhood obesity and long-term health consequences as adults, including heart disease, hypertension and diabetes. Approximately 10 percent of our nation's health care spending go towards treating conditions related to obesity and unhealthy weight.    To address these challenges in 2010, Congress enacted the Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act. In addition to expanding access to child nutrition programs, the law also updated and improved the nutritional standards for foods served to our children, standards that had not been revised in over 15 years.    Most importantly, the new standards are based on scientific evidence, not politics or fiscal bottom lines. They include weekly limits on calories, sugar, fat and sodium, require fruits and vegetables at every meal and incorporate whole grains. These changes are not promoting an exotic diet fad; they conform to the healthy eating habits that most of us in this room try to follow every day.    In the vast majority of districts, 93 percent across the country, are successfully implementing the new health standards today and students are eating more fruit and vegetables, not just at school, but also outside of school, too.    As we focus on healthier foods for children, we cannot ignore that child nutrition is a national security issue. According to Mission Readiness, a group of retired officers who support healthy meal standards, 25 percent of young Americans are too overweight to enlist in our nation's military.    So I am pleased that today we have an opportunity to discuss the scope and impact of federal child nutrition programs, and, hopefully, ways to improve and strengthen them. And, as we move through this process, we must keep in mind that the overarching goal of these programs is to provide children with healthy foods that can support them as they learn and grow. That, in turn, supports our national interests and long-term economic prosperity.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And behalf of my colleague from Virginia, Mr. Brat, I am pleased to introduce Dorothy McAuliffe, the first lady of the Commonwealth of Virginia. In that position she has dedicated her efforts to eliminating childhood hunger and improving access to Virginia's fresh, locally-grown agricultural products for all of our citizens.    She has identified food security and nutrition as key elements necessary for educational success and building healthy communities. She serves as the chair of the Commonwealth Council on Bridging the Nutritional Divide, which focuses on eliminating childhood hunger in Virginia, developing local agricultural markets and promoting community efforts to link locally-grown food, education, health and nutrition.    She also serves as the governor's designee to the Virginia Council on the Interstate Compact on Educational Opportunity for Military Children, which assists in easing the transition of children of military families into Virginia schools.    She also leads Virginia's efforts to encourage national service as a pathway for solving challenges in local communities and has long been devoted to arts and education, serving on the Boards of Trustees of The Kennedy Center and The Smithsonian Institute.    She earned a B.A. from Catholic University of America and earned a law degree from Georgetown University Law Center.    So we are pleased to welcome Mrs. McAuliffe.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. McAuliffe, thank you for being with us today. Can you say a word about the need for a federal role in child nutrition?    Mr. Scott. Thank you.    Now, Dr. Krey, you have research on the effect of good nutrition on academic success?    Mr. Scott. And also behavior?    Mr. Scott. And long-term health?    Mr. Scott. Could we get the benefit of that, could you provide us with that research that you have?    Mr. Scott. Good.    Ms. Krey.--provide you those specific studies.    Mr. Scott. Thank you.    And, Mr. Storen, does your organization have research on good nutrition effects on academic performance, behavior and long-term health?    Mr. Scott. Okay, and if you could provide that, I would appreciate it.    Mr. Scott. Okay.    Ms. Bauscher, does good nutritional food cost more?    Mr. Scott. Now, when we increased the nutritional standards, did the federal government reimbursement go up--    Mr. Scott.--enough?    Ms. Bauscher.--six cents for each lunch.    Mr. Scott. Was that enough to pay for the additional nutritional value?    Mr. Scott. How much more should it have it been?    Mr. Scott. There are different studies on how much food has been thrown away.    Mr. Scott. Some show that the food waste has not gone up with the additional--    Mr. Scott. But there are studies on both sides of that issue?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I think this has been a great hearing. We have heard about the importance of nutritious meals. It is a national security interest because 25 percent of our young people are obese and can't even enlist in the military. It has other long-term health effects. We have heard about the correlation between academic achievement, including behavior, and attendance with good nutrition.    And so our reauthorization has to make sure we continue the programs and also recognize that nutritious meals actually cost more. Federal standards are important. It has been pointed out that 93 percent of our schools are in compliance so they can't be that unreasonable.    We have heard a lot about unnecessary paperwork that needs to be addressed, and the summer availability. We have seen a lot of studies that showed that a significant portion of the achievement gap is due to regression during the summer.    So I look forward to the authorization and, in the meanwhile, Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the Harvard study from last year showing that more students eating fruits and vegetables. Another one from the University of Connecticut this year showing that students are eating more fruit and no increase in plate waste. And one from last year, a Robert Wood Johnson Foundation study on students accepting and liking the school food under the new standards, and no increase in plate waste. And a letter from the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics on the importance of the school programs. And one from the National WIC Association with the significant recommendations on how we can improve nutrition.    Mr. Scott. Thank you.