    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome to our guests. It is always good to have you before us. And I think today's tragic events in Brussels really are a stark reminder of the many challenges that you all deal with every day and that we are here to support you with. And I especially appreciated both your comments on the need for budget stability as you deal with the challenges of today, but also with the need to look forward, because as we all know, and I remember a previous chairman, Ike Skelton, always commenting upon, that we plan for today but we never quite know where the next challenge is going to come from. And in the world we live in today, it is clear that they can come from many, many different places.    But, Secretary Carter, I also wanted to thank you for the emphasis that you have placed in this year's budget on research and development, really knowing that it is key to maintaining our technological edge, that in this rapidly changing environment, we have got to maintain our investments. And as many on the committee know, defense-related research and development has faced a disproportionately large cut over the past several years, far more than has been required under the Budget Control Act. So I was especially encouraged to see that the Department will be investing in two new facilities at MIT's Lincoln Lab. As you know, the lab has provided the Department with breakthrough advancements for decades, and I thank you for your support of the lab's revitalization and the important role that it plays in the Massachusetts innovation ecosystem. It is part of something much larger.    But I would like to turn to the issue of sexual assault prevention and response in the military. I have been troubled by a number of stories, including a series in the AP and recent stories in the Washington Post, about senior officer sexual assault cases, which have called into question the transparency of the military justice system and the services' willingness to pursue allegations against officers. I understand that the Military Justice Review Group's proposal that was shared with this committee by the Department gives the Department 2 years to come up with a design for an online system of tracking cases and 2 years to implement that system. And I would encourage the Department to work with all speed to make the military justice system as transparent as possible. And I hope the Department will make the system open to survivors and the public as you move ahead.    But we have all heard the troubling accounts of victims of military sexual assault who are later retaliated against, those who seek recourse through the system of justice. Some 62 percent of victims have experienced social or professional retaliation, according to the Department's own survey data. And I have also read the Judicial Proceedings Panel recommendation to implement a standard retaliation reporting form. It is imperative to me that the Department track these incidents and hold those responsible accountable. It is key to maintaining the unit cohesion and all that is part of readiness as well.    So my questions are, Secretary Carter, what is the Department doing to ensure service members who report sexual assault aren't retaliated against?    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you. I have run out of time. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Wilson.