    Mr. Aderholt. Thank you. Mr. Administrator, good to have you here.    General Bolden. Thank you.    Mr. Aderholt. First of all, let me apologize for my voice. I am overcoming a sore throat and I was in a hearing with Chairman Rogers this morning. I have been chairing the Ag Subcommittee Appropriations and we had the FDA Commissioner in this morning. And he said it reminded him of what Mark Twain said about Wagner's music, he said it is not as bad as it sounds. So that is sort of why--I am not as bad as it sounds. But anyway, I just have a couple of questions. Thank you for being here. And I appreciate Chairman Culberson for letting me slip in here and ask a few questions.    I want to ask one question about the SLS program and then a second very short question, and then the remaining I will submit for the record. But I am glad to hear the integration plan for SLS, Orion and ground operations are underway at headquarters. Slipping beyond the 2018 for the EM-1 flight is a little more disconcerting. As you know, on the EM-1 flight, we use an upper stage known as ICPS. I do not know of a definite budget plan in NASA's out years for the flights beyond EM-1, but it seems to me that there must be a firm decision soon on whether to human rate the ICPS. And I am wondering if not human rating the ICPS and instead human rating the new upper stage for use on the EM-2 mission could save taxpayer dollars. Progress soon on the upper stage might allow for options as we plan large science missions such as the Europa Clipper. We could also use the power of the upper stage to cut the flight time by half or more and get the data back to our scientists faster. I just wanted to turn it over to you on what your thoughts are on this approach.    General Bolden. Yes, sir. As I was commenting earlier before you came in, our approach to keep us as the leaders in space is to try to put together a program in its totality. When you talk about human exploration or about exploration of our solar system and let's just not even--human and robotic exploration, our program calls for being able to get humans first of all into cislunar space, but that is not the only thing we want to do. We want to be able to go on to Mars. So the reason that it has taken us to this point to be able to give you all the answers that you want on SLS and Orion is because we are looking at how we get the totality of the program in place. How do we get multiple flights out of SLS and Orion? If I focus on the very first flight, which happens to be unmanned, and that is where my focus is, then I could easily lose sight of what I need for the downstream flight. So we find that it is more economical and it is much more efficient if we plan for a block of flights, the program. Such that, if you gave me more money, as you are probably going to ask, what would I do? I would buy down risk. What do I mean when I say buy down risk for SLS and Orion? I would go and have Bill Gerstenmaier, I would approve his purchase of pieces and parts for EM-3, -4, -5, farther down the line. So that when you go to SpaceX and you look on their floor, there are engines all over the place. There are engines for flights they do not have yet. That is the way they buy down risk, that is the way industry does it. You put assets in place so that you can carry out a program years in advance. So that is what I would do. I would not focus on trying to get EM-1 earlier, EM-2 earlier. We have a program in place that calls for them to fly at a particular date and we are not going to change that appreciably with more money.    So I think an Exploration Upper Stage is what you are talking about, the EUS. The interim upper stage is something because we do not have the one that we really want to fly for all of our exploration missions, it is an interim upper stage that will allow us to fly the first mission, but that is not what we would ideally like to live with. But that again is, we will come back to the Congress and tell you what we need in a budget that will sustain us through multiple administrations and multiple congresses, as opposed to one flight.    Mr. Aderholt. I see my time is slipping away, but let me ask this one last question before I have to go back to the subcommittee that I have been chairing now. The Marshall Space Flight Center, which you know is on the edge of my district, has a tremendous rocket propulsion skill base there. It has a rich history in propulsion projects going back to the days of Von Braun. The National Institute for Rocket Propulsion Systems or the NIRPS, as the acronym goes, is located at Marshall and I hear it is doing great things for the nation. Would you agree that it is doing good things?    General Bolden. We affectionately call it NIRPS and NIRPS is doing great things. In fact if you all will allow me to use the acronym, just because it is easier. But the important thing about NIRPS was--and it was the brainchild of some of the engine folk at Marshall, because they saw how NASA was working on engine technology, DOD was working on engine technology, industry was working on engine technology. So what the institute attempts to do is to bring all the disparate bodies together to talk about national needs and so that is what is done there. We have buy-in from the Air Force, we have buy-in from industry. So everyone is represented when you go--if you were to go to Marshall and ask somebody, when was the last time the Air Force was in here or when was the last time industry was in here, they would probably tell you, well, we had a meeting yesterday and everybody was here. So that was its intent and I think it is vital for the future of propulsion for this nation.    Mr. Aderholt. Good to hear. Well, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Administrator, for being here and thank you, Mr. Chairman.