    Mr. Jolly. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Visclosky, thank you for the opportunity to touch this morning just very quickly on three programs, each of which have been submitted either through written testimony or through the Member request process. And I also want to thank the professional staff for their assistance throughout this process.    The three I want to touch on this morning, though, one is a very small but very successful Navy program that began through the SBIR process, the Navy has continued to invest in. And believe it or not, it is actually a program that did receive a Rapid Innovation Award in recent years. It is a radar and electronic system alignment tool that has now been fully deployed on Aegis-class cruisers and destroyers, replacing what used to be a man-based system to repair down radar, down electronic systems over a period of days using paper-based manuals. This is simply an electronic radar alignment tool that went through the R&D process, is now being fully deployed with Aegis.    My request to the committee today, though, is that the Rapid Innovation Award money that was awarded in the last 18 months actually was awarded to transition this technology to LCS, which is really where this capability fits in terms of the LCS platform, reduced manpower, improved readiness. It is a lightweight, efficient, low-cost tool that actually does solve manpower needs, as well as readiness.    My concern is because there was a Rapid Innovation Award for this technology awarded to, frankly, a single technology company, being able to sustain that technology investment going forward, my ask of the committee would simply be to work with the LCS office to make sure sufficient resources are there to continue the investment in this technology as it is transitioned to LCS.    The second is somewhat a regional issue, but also one of national importance, and that is the SOCOM S&T portfolio. You know, in the Tampa Bay area, this is something that I see the impact of SOCOM S&T, not just for the warfighter, but also throughout the industry partners that support the warfighter. I also have personal relationships within the acquisition office there in S&T. I know the good work that they do. I know the innovation that they bring to the portfolio. And we all know the importance of keeping the SOF community within the SOF lanes, but allowing them to address SOF unique needs. And I think continued investment, robust investment in SOCOM S&T is critical to that.    The last one is really one that is easy, I believe, for everybody in this room, but personal for so many, and it is a program that started in this room by my predecessor and your colleague, Bill Young. And that is the C.W. Bill Young Department of Defense Bone Marrow Program.    That was begun in this room by this committee. That was continued by this committee. We have 800,000 members of the Armed Forces that are registered in the program, having provided over 10,000 donations, lifesaving donations already. It obviously is a program that requires the continued support of this subcommittee to ensure its success.    So I would ask for your consideration of that, as well as the continued investment in medical research that uniquely comes through this committee. I mean, this subcommittee has led the way in medical research areas that other subcommittees have not been able to do, from wound healing to disease-specific accounts or programs. And I would ask for continued investment in that.    I appreciate the time this morning. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jolly. That is right.    Mr. Jolly. Sure.    Mr. Jolly. Right.    Mr. Jolly. I appreciate that.    Mr. Jolly. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.