    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this important hearing. Considering the recent elections in Taiwan, I want to commend the subcommittee for calling this hearing.    I met with President-elect Tsai several times in the past, both here and in Taiwan, and I congratulate her and the people of Taiwan for their continued support of democracy.    And I want to say that I agree with my colleague, Mr. Sherman, which sometimes we agree and sometimes we don't, but I certainly agree with his sentiment about how wonderful it is that Taiwan has its first woman President.    As far as here in the U.S., I also share the sentiment of having the first woman President sworn in next year except that unfortunately----    Mr. Chabot . Because of New Hampshire Tuesday evening Carly Fiorina already dropped out. But in any event----    Mr. Chabot. And we may both have them this year. You never know.    Mr. Chabot. There you go.    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Thornton, let me follow up on my colleague from the Commonwealth of Virginia, Mr. Connolly, on the submarine and defense issues in general.    As a former chairman of this committee and as one of the cofounders of congressional Taiwan caucus and a long time friend of Taiwan, my recollection is with respect to the submarines in particular.    One of the problems is nobody makes diesel submarines any more, that we know. I think there was some talk about maybe the French could still do it but that was one of the problems, you know, with nuclear submarines.    But in order--because of the expense, the fact that you don't necessarily need nuclear submarines in that part of the world, et cetera, that diesel--in fact, I saw the--I guess they have a World War II era submarine out there.    I think it was down at the naval base in Kaohsiung, I believe is where I saw that--I've seen a few nodding of heads in the audience with folks who know a lot more out this than I do.    But in any event, I know that was one of the problems. But here is my question to you about this whole thing. You know, the planes and the anti-missile system and the submarines, improving the defensive abilities of Taiwan in case the PRC did decide to get even more belligerent and hostile than they have been over the last couple of decades, it's critical that Taiwan does strengthen their military and their defenses.    But one of the problems--you know, we had a hard time getting this stuff through here but when we finally did we ran into a roadblock with Taiwan because even though you had a DPP President, President Chen Shui-bian, who wanted to move ahead with this, you've had KMT who has controlled the legislature, you know, since martial law, I believe.    Is that correct? And Speaker Wong, I think, would try to get it through the legislature and just couldn't get it. When we weren't willing to act, you know, they wanted it and when we finally got around to doing it then they couldn't get it through there, and I'm seeing some nods from some of your assistant folks here too.    So is that one of the issues that we face? And then I guess the real question is this. We just had a pretty important election in Taiwan recently and the DPP now is not only going to have the presidency but they're also going to control the Legislative Yuan for the first time ever.    So is there maybe some light at the end of the tunnel in actually getting this defense that Taiwan so desperately needs and actually make it happen? Do you want to comment on it?    Mr. Chabot. If I could cut you off there for just a minute. I have only got 1 minute left. I had two more things I wanted to ask you real quickly. If I could get a quick response.    Can you think of any other countries that we deal with that we bar their top four leaders from coming to our capital, Washington, DC?    Mr. Chabot. Right. They can go to--they can go to San Francisco, they can go to New York.    Mr. Chabot. President Tsai isn't going to be able to come here to Washington, DC, unless we change our policy. Is that correct?    Mr. Chabot. We ought to change our policy.    And then finally, I got 10 seconds left. President Chen Shui-bian was finally released about a year ago on medical parole. How is he doing?    Mr. Chabot. Thank you very much. I yield back my time.