    Mr. Wisner. Yes, sir.    Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the committee. I am Chris Wisner, the Assistant Commissioner for Leasing at the General Services Administration Public Buildings Service. I appreciate being invited here today to discuss GSA's efforts to provide cost effective and suitable leased space for our partner Federal agencies including the Department of Veterans Affairs.    GSA's mission is to provide the best value in real estate to the Government and to the American people. GSA currently manages an inventory of almost 400 million square feet. Approximately half of this is leased space comprising more than 8,300 active leases across the country. GSA seeks to provide space that assists our partner agencies in achieving their missions while best serving the public interest. GSA's prospectus process starts with requirements development where GSA works with customer agencies to define their space needs. As part of the administration's goal to maximize the use of Federal assets and eliminate unneeded and excess real estate, GSA first looks to the existing Federal inventory of owned and leased space to meet those needs. If existing space is not available, GSA determines whether Federal construction or leasing is the appropriate space delivery method. This determination balances the mission needs of the customer, market parameters, resources constraints, and fiscal responsibility to the public.    If leasing is the chosen alternative, GSA continues to work with partner agencies to further define its program requirements, which includes a comprehensive housing plan, identification of delineated area, and an estimated space utilization rate. The prospectus process also requires market research to establish rental rates. GSA conducts its procurements using prevailing market rates as the benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers to ensure that GSA rates are in line with the private sector.    After we complete this thorough process, GSA submits a prospectus and supporting documents for projects that exceed $2.85 million.    In 2014, the VA began relying exclusively on GSA's delegated authority to conduct its leasing activities. Some of the VA's request for delegated leasing authority are above the GSA's prospectus threshold. GSA will submit prospectuses to this committee and to the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.    The initial delegation request from VA required a number of revisions to comply with GSA's delegation program requirements both in form and substance. As delegation requests above GSA's prospectus threshold were not within the normal delegation program management, there was no standing GSA process for considering such an authorization. GSA and the VA have worked together to ensure VA's documents are in line with similar GSA prospectus submissions.    GSA supports VA's mission to provide assistance to veterans and their families. From June of 2014 to September of 2016, GSA has granted the VA 761 leased delegations, of which 96 percent have been granted routinely under GSA's standing delegation program. Only 4 percent, or 27 of those delegated leases, have exceeded the square foot limitation that requires action by the GSA Administrator. Only 6 of those 27 exceed the $2.87 million prospectus threshold.    The Choice Act was enacted in 2014 to provide new authorities and funding to continue VA's mission, including statutorily authorizing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to lease medical facilities in 18 States and Puerto Rico. Out of these 27, there are 8 remaining that are above GSA prospectus threshold. The committee's help is needed in providing GSA with resolutions for those projects, and we plan to submit this package in the upcoming weeks.    As we move forward in our partnership, VA and GSA are working closely to ensure VA projects comply with GSA's policies and practices. With VA's expertise, discipline and structure can be applied to market rate justification for VA prospectuses. Furthermore, as part of strategic planning, VA and GSA can identify opportunities for VA to backfill existing underutilized and vacant space instead of initiating new leased actions.    Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, GSA is dedicated to meeting the requirements of all of our partner agencies in an efficient, transparent, and user-friendly manner. We will continue to support the VA in their mission of providing assistance to veterans and their families.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Wisner. I will take the first part of that.    So, sir, we have the full packages from the VA in hand currently. They were received in final form July the 26th, I believe. We are in the process of processing those and testing them for operating leased--the operating leased threshold. I expect we will have them through our stakeholders and with signature for submission to this committee in coming weeks. I would say in 7 to 10 days.    Mr. Wisner. So I don't believe that there is any delay in the structure between a capital and operating lease. There is full commitment from GSA and from VA that we will not bring forward anything that has the potential to become a capital lease. That was part of the controls that were put in place in 2014. I don't think that there is an adjustment that is made at all. When there is the risk of a capital lease, we stop that prior to any award. So there are several checkpoints along the way, and ultimately, if we started to go down the path or VA started to go down the path of coming close to a capital lease, I think we will probably pause and take a look at that. But right now I don't see any delay when we are--we have enough discipline in our program that we do not move even close to anything above an operating lease into the world of capital.    Mr. Wisner. I try.    Mr. Wisner. So I will take the first question--or the last question first.    Mr. Wisner. GSA provides advice to VA. VA has their own lease contracting officers who are trained to use the GSA program, GSA forms, and the Government leasing process. So they follow the FAR, the follow the GSEM; they follow all the rules and regulations there are related to GSA. Part of this relationship is if you use GSA's delegated leasing authority, you follow GSA's policies and practices.    I must say that the program has improved significantly with VA in the past 2 years. The centralization that Jim has been speaking about on bringing the decisionmaking to a central point and having prioritization and decisions made through that has been extremely helpful, and I think there is more that you will see in the near future.    So VA does their own negotiations. We oversee through a delegation of authority, and then we do pre-award checks to make sure they are not capital leases. We also do post-award checks to ensure that they followed all the rules and regulations, and then we do clean up actions afterwards if necessary.    Mr. Wisner. So this is one of the most challenging things that we have had to work with and are trying to understand more of. GSA typically acquires general office space. The VA works through a market analysis and then does a type of buildup to get to a cost of what their hospital should be. There are lots of questions back and forth between our program. We are trying to understand more about how the VA establishes those costs, and I know the VA internally is working on cost estimating and improving the mechanism by which they do these cost estimates.    We have access to many databases, RF means, et cetera, where we can look and validate on what the VA has. I think that there is still room for improvement on this market rate question, but what we have before us today is by far an improvement over where we were 2 years ago.    Mr. Wisner. Yes, across the Federal Government.    Mr. Wisner. Yeah. So I have not looked at the database that the VA has internally. I mainly work with the FRPP, which is the Federal Real Property Profile database. I believe that the majority of the property that VA controls is fed into the FRPP, so it would be difficult for me to comment on something that I haven't seen yet on the VA database.    Mr. Wisner. Sir, we have several examples where this methodology has worked. We have had a number of vacant spaces where we have aligned with the VA. They have been able to move into the space in a more quick fashion. These are the smaller C-box, and I call them retail spaces so obviously not large prospectus-level leases that you would see, but in the operations we have seen quite a few number of leases where we have been able to backfill.    Mr. Wisner. This is probably a two-person question, but I will start off. As I understand it, the VA has established some standard types of hospital and delivery mechanisms which can be categorized, and I just call them like the big three, the types of hospitals or types of locations that they need to acquire. That will help a lot in the world of standardization. I don't know necessarily if we need to go to the level of notification to Congress if they deviate. You might look at it from a standpoint of risk. How much have you deviated, and how much of a notification do we require around that? But I think the standardization is going to go a long way.    Many of our customer agencies--I am working with the United States Coast Guard right now--are moving toward standard platforms of what we will acquire other than individual one-offs across the portfolio. So standardization is, I think, something that we should push more, and we should look for that discipline across the entire portfolio.