    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman. Great words. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's hearing. While we have several prominent witnesses today, I would especially like to welcome a fellow Hoosier, Mr. Kevin Mickey, from the great Hoosier State. Mr. Mickey is the director of The Polis Center at Indiana University Purdue University Indianapolis. He is also the new chair of the Multihazard Mitigation Council at the National Institute of Building Sciences.    I look forward to my colleagues learning about the work being done in the great Hoosier State, particularly Indianapolis, to address rising disaster costs and losses, plus the latest report from the Multihazard Mitigation Council.    Mr. Mickey's national leadership and his local work are terrific examples of what Indianapolis is doing in the field of emergency management.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carson. No, sir.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Mickey, in terms of community buy-in, various reports have been released about the rising costs of disaster, benefits of mitigation and the need to take steps to mitigate for disasters. So Congress has also acted to incentivize mitigation.    So, for example, Congress authorized FEMA to provide additional Hazard Mitigation Grant Program funding to States with enhanced plans, yet only 12 States have adopted these. So, even with incentives, it is very difficult to get States to take action.    How do we get the ideas in your report to the public and private sectors, and what is needed to actually get ideas implemented?institute held a symposium here, in Washington, DC. That institute brought together experts in the industries that I identified in my testimony for the purpose of discussing exactly what was presented and, more importantly, to share their own ideas for how to incentivize resilience in their respective sectors.    The next step that the institute is currently pursuing is to develop a stakeholder leadership council that consists of the leaders of the various stakeholder groups to include insurance, loan organizations, bond writing organizations, businesses, utilities, homeowners, and, of course, local, State and Federal Government. The goal of that council is going to be to work on formulating the mechanisms for incentivization.    The idea that we have is that, by getting the buy-in of these stakeholders directly--because they will be the ones coming up with these incentive strategies--that others will then follow. And they are going to be incentivized to help build an enhanced economy that does not currently exist for writing insurance, originating loans and bonds, and generating construction activity.    Ultimately, the goal, as we see it, is to produce a set of products that consumers want. Let me give you a couple of examples that you will find in our full study.    State Farm Insurance offered a premium discount in Texas for installation of impact-resistant roofs. The result was that products related to impact-resistant roofs went from 10 in 1998 to more than 1,000 in the year 2003. And that program has now expanded out into 26 additional States. According to State Farm Homeowners, the IRR product, or the impact-resistant roof product, is something that they now want.    And then, just earlier this week in Washington, the mayor of the city of Fairhope, Alabama, Tim Kant, was attending the Resilience Building Codes Forum, and he made a statement that his community is now considered one of the most desirable places to live, specifically because their homes are recognized as being more resilient. And that community is one of the places where the fortified program is found.    The institute is planning to serve the role of identifying these solutions that I have mentioned. We recognize that there are plenty of best practices out there. What we want to do is bring together the stakeholders to identify those best practices and see them replicated across the industry. We recognize that costs are high, and we are looking for ways to reduce them, and we believe this is a creative approach.    Ultimately, we believe that activities such as implementing building codes need to be started to be viewed as a carrot, not as a stick. And if the incentives are appropriate, we think that can happen.    Mr. Carson. Thank you.    Mr. Koon, you have mentioned FEMA's new customer service-centric focus for the Public Assistance Program as a positive step forward. Are there other actions FEMA could take with respect to the Public Assistance Program in order to reduce disaster costs and even losses?    Mr. Carson. Thank you. And Administrator Nimmich, earlier this week the White House hosted a conference on resilient building codes. Included in the fact sheet issued by the White House it stated that FEMA is developing a more detailed plan to be put forth for additional public discussion in a notice of proposed rulemaking.    Has FEMA finished reviewing all the comments and arrived at determining that it will definitely go forward with rulemaking on disaster deductible concepts, if so?    When can Congress and stakeholders expect the proposed rule to even be issued?    Mr. Carson. Thank you. And I don't know where we are on time, Mr. Chairman, but I yield back.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Ms. Clark, disaster assistance reformed under the act of 2015, the committee calls for a very comprehensive study on trends and disaster costs and losses. As you mentioned earlier, local government bears a large portion of the disaster costs, yet data is very scarce. What is NACo doing to collect the information so that the data can be considered as part of the comprehensive study, and ensure that current Federal disaster costs are not just being shifted to local communities?    Mr. Carson. Or Mr. Koon.    Mr. Carson. OK.    Mr. Carson. Yes, sir. Thank you.    Mr. Nelson, you mentioned in your testimony that the Insurance Institute for Business and Home Safety simulating disaster conditions on homes and businesses in a controlled environment, you mentioned that. What types of adjustments to building codes has the institute found to be most effective in keeping a structure standing after a disaster? And how much would these changes cost during new construction?    Mr. Carson. Thank you.    And lastly, for a fellow Hoosier, Mr. Mickey, The Polis Center provides valuable services necessary to understanding the disaster threat and risk. How does The Polis Center help us understand, make its services known to others, and can you expand on some of the successful collaborative projects with State and local entities that the center has taken?    Mr. Carson. Thank you, sir.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.