    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the witnesses for your testimony here today. And I would turn first to Attorney General Landry, and I would like to--I would like to pose a broader concept here and then ask you to comment on that, and perhaps we will go a little deeper, and that is that, as I read Federal law and immigration law and as I understand it after these years on this Committee, it envisions in its entirety essentially vacuuming up the illegal people in the United States and all of those whom are encountered by law enforcement, it anticipates their removal from the United States, and it requires that when at least Federal law enforcement officers encounter someone who is unlawfully present in America, that they shall place them in removal proceedings.    Would you agree so far with my characterization of Federal law?    Mr. King. And then, so when I look at this, this statute, 1373, and I read through the details of 1373, shouldn't it be clear to anyone who intends to comply with the intent of Federal law that they are to help facilitate rather than frustrate the intent of Federal law?    Mr. King. And I happen to have a little quote here from Mr. Richmond in a markup March 18, 2015, which was about the time of the inception of this situation. He is concerned about the police department and the sheriff's office, who have a Federal consent decree, and that they can comply with--this is a quote, ``They are complying with a Federal consent decree, and now it will cause the City of New Orleans to lose valuable Federal money in terms of DHS and FEMA funds.'' I think it has been known that there has been a clear violation here of at least the intent of the consent decree--or excuse me, the intent of 1373 by the consent decree and the underlying policy, which is a sanctuary city policy, by my reading of it.    Have you had any discussions or have you examined the legal language of this in such a way that you are aware of any loopholes that are being exploited in this process that seems to be a collaboration between DOJ and the City of New Orleans?    Mr. King. Would Fire Chief Spencer Chauvin be alive today if we had enforced our immigration laws as intended by this Congress?    Mr. King. Would you disagree with the statement made by Donald Trump several weeks ago that there are thousands of Americans that are grieving today because of the loss of a family member, a loved one due to the failure to enforce immigration law in the United States?    Mr. King. And I would say also, reinforce that, it is thousands. And we have had difficulty in getting apples to apples in two GAO studies. Thank you, Attorney General Landry.    And I would turn to Inspector General Horowitz and just ask you this for clarification. As I listen to your testimony and I read through your testimony, it doesn't come real clear to me as to your position on whether you believe that the sanctuary policy of New Orleans violates 1373.    Mr. King. Did this policy prevent them from gathering or inquiring as to immigration status?    Mr. King. And that seems to be the loophole that we have identified over some years here that is exploited by the local jurisdictions.    As my clock ticks down, I would like to, then, ask Ms. Gupta, as you spoke about this, is there any Federal law or any statute that you are aware of that prohibits law enforcement from profiling when they exercise their job?    Mr. King. But my question is are you aware of any law or any statute that prohibits profiling in the enforcement of law?    Mr. King. You mean to say that if there happens to be a white-haired, light-skinned, blue-eyed person that has committed a crime and you are on the hunt for them, you can't say that?    Mr. King. Can you characterize the appearance of a suspect in the enforcement of the law?    Mr. King. Mr. Chairman, I would ask unanimous consent to press this witness until she answers my question. She is evasive in her responses.    Mr. King. She has not answered.    Mr. King. I would ask unanimous consent for an additional minute.    Mr. King. I thank the Chairman. And I would just point out that I don't believe I did get an answer to my specific question, but I think it is obvious to the members of the panel. And I would yield back.