    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Gentlemen.    Mr. Secretary and General Dunford, the 2017 funds that this committee appropriates for the defense budget will be available to support the policies and the programs of the next President, the next President the American people elect in November.    A leading candidate for president is telling the American people and the world that torture works. He says he will use torture to help defeat ISIL, including things way beyond waterboarding. He says he will order our military to take out the families of Islamic terrorists. I presume that means directing the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to use men and women under your military command to intentionally kill innocent family members, including children, that might be suspected terrorists.    I find these rants frightening and dangerous to our Nation.    General Dunford, do you support allowing U.S. troops or the intelligence community to use torture to exact information from suspected terrorists? Does the use of torture advance the military or national interests of the United States?    Ms. McCollum. Please, sir.    Ms. McCollum. Well, we had discussions on the political nature of Guantanamo and President Obama. Will you just make a blanket statement, then, as to the military's role of the use of torture? Because we have had a lot of hearings on this. This caused a lot of angst in this Congress. We went through one administration that used it and, as far as I know, we are working to stop and ban the use of torture, because it does not serve our national interests.    General Dunford. Congresswoman, let me answer the question broadly without getting into what Secretary Carter highlighted.    One of the things that makes me proud to wear this uniform is that we represent the values of the American people. And when our young men and women go to war, they go with our values. And I think our performance on the battlefield over the past decade-plus of war reflects that young men and women from this country bring their values with them. And when we find exceptions, you can see how aggressively we pursue addressing those exceptions.    I guess what I would say in response to your question is we should never apologize for going to war with the values of the American people. That is what we have done historically, that is what we expect to do in the future, and, again, that is what makes me proud to wear this uniform.    Ms. McCollum. Well, Mr. Chairman, I am assuming the values of the American people do not include torture. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Secretary Mabus, and Admiral Richardson, we are becoming more and more aware of the Arctic as a rich resource environment that is feeling the full effects of climate change. The melting sea ice has opened up new navigable waters in the Arctic and it has changed the strategic calculus in the region. The world is seeing Russia aggressively reassert a naval presence in the region, creating a joint Arctic command in 2014, and conducting military exercises in the region last year.    I am concerned that the Arctic is a strategic area that is ripe for Russian expansion, directly challenging our national security interests and those of our allies. As you are well aware, the United States only has one operational heavy icebreaker, that is owned by the Coast Guard, and the Coast Guard is working to build a second one. Russia is building 14 more.    Now, this deficit has to seriously impact our ability to conduct search and rescue operations and maintain a maritime presence in the region. The Navy's 2014 to 2030 Arctic world map from February 14 states, and I quote, "While the region is expected to remain a low-threat security environment, while our nations resolve differences peacefully, the Navy will be prepared to prevent conflict and assure national security interests are protected," end of quote.    A lot has happened, and Russia has been very aggressive over the past several years. So given the recent developments in Russia's military posture, does the Navy still consider the Arctic region to be quote, "a low security threat" because this committee has been told over and over again recently, that Russia is lighting up its coastal waters, and that Russia waits to see how assertive, how aggressive, and how strong, especially the United States is in the region, in making this calculus.    So could you please tell me what specific investments in the 2017 budget has the Navy made to address the issue of Russia's military expansion into the Arctic region?    Ms. McCollum. If I could go back to the icebreakers. So there is one operational icebreaker, that one goes down, there isn't a second one. So we are relying on calling someone else. If the Navy has a ship that is stranded in the area, the Coast Guard with an icebreaker would come in to help, correct?    Ms. McCollum. And there is one. And there are plans to build another one. Are two icebreakers sufficient for all that the Coast Guard is charged with, I mean, in the area?    Ms. McCollum. Is the Navy satisfied?    Ms. McCollum. I just pause this out for the committee. You know, if we were to ask for another icebreaker, either from the Coast Guard, or direct the Navy, that is now considered--would that be considered an earmark if it wasn't in the President's budget, Mr. Chair?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair, because waters and weather conditions can make, you know, being able to have a response time critically impactful in the region. And we just want to make sure that the Coast Guard has the tools it needs to fulfill its mission, but you also have what you need to do to fulfill yours--thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have two questions following up a little on what the ranking member asked. But I want to start out with what I heard Admiral Richardson say at the beginning of his testimony, that we want to do right by our people. So Secretary Mabus, last July, you implemented a new maternity leave policy that extended fully paid maternity leave for Navy and Marine Corps to 18 weeks. And I commend you for making maternity leave a priority.    Last month, Secretary Carter announced a new Department of Defense-wide maternity leave police that would set it at 12 weeks. So where this was good news in doubling the maternity rate leave for Army and Air Force, it reduced by 6 weeks, 6 weeks, maternity leave for women in the Navy and Marine Corps who are not currently pregnant.    So I am concerned that the Department of Defense's new policy rolls back a more progressive position with Navy and Marine Corps investing in women and families. We have heard you gentlemen speak quite often about keeping retention and recruitment. Our women and men in uniform are the most important resource that we have, and we must build a fighting force that retains these investments.    So Secretary Mabus, you had a reason for making that decision to set the Navy and the Marine Corps maternity leave at 18 weeks. What went into that decision?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. I appreciate what you did by really looking at mid career women in particular, and by extending for those women who found themselves in the family way currently the 18 weeks. I have to think that there were women who might have been making a decision to reenlist in that based on what I think was a wise policy that you had in July who might be thinking now that they would have made a different decision.    So Mr. Chair, when it comes to the sexual assault and the maternity leave issues, and some of these family issues, I know that the authorizers are working on that quite often, but it is a really a cost-benefit analysis to the investment that we make out of this committee in what people have referring to as the soft power.    Thank you for answering the question, and I want to learn a little bit more about how this may be effective to women if you are doing the surveys after how the women felt about the change in policy, which was taken out of your hands. Thank you, sir.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is going to come as no surprise to my colleagues that I am going to talk about the Arctic, as I have with many of our other service representatives and even in the classified briefings.    Chairman Calvert and I spend a lot of time working on interior issues, and we are hearing firsthand from many tribal nations that we are going to have to be looking at working with them for relocation for places to live. And so it made me curious about what was going on with some of our other Federal assets in the Arctic region.    So, Secretary James and General Welsh, as you know, the Arctic is a resource-rich environment feeling the full effects of climate change. Melting sea ice has opened navigable waters in the Arctic and has changed the strategic calculus in the region.    With respect to the Air Force, I am particularly concerned about the effect climate change is having on our facilities in Alaska. A GAO report on the Department of Defense infrastructure and climate change from May of 2014 states that the combination of thawing permafrost, decreasing sea ice, and rising sea levels on Alaska coast have led to an increase in coastal erosion at several Air Force radar early-warning communication installations. This erosion can damage roads, utilities, seawalls, runways, and, in some cases, cutting these facilities off from all but small planes and helicopters.    Due to the critical need for these early-warning facilities and a changing threat environment, we must ensure that our infrastructure in Alaska is maintained. Are there Air Force facilities at risk? What is the Air Force doing to mitigate the impact of climate change on all your facilities?    Ms. McCollum. That is okay.    General Welsh. Which has had a real problem with this, because the ice that used to be along the coastline that protected the infrastructure along the shore from the waves that would crash in is gone. And so the waves are now hitting the shore, they are hitting the concrete abutments where the piering was. They are actually working at the foundation of some of the infrastructure that is along the coastline--stuff that was never a problem before, and it is clearly a problem now.    I believe the last number I saw was $50 million to $60 million in estimated damages at a couple of--total, in a couple of places in Alaska, these small sites that are along the coast.    We can get you the specifics on this, ma'am, because there is an issue. It is a serious issue.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chairman, as these facilities are facilities we looked at maybe at doing general maintenance as a line item in previous budgets, we might have to be looking at moving them and the relocation costs associated with that.    So I think as we move forward in our budget planning for facilities--and I am going to have another question later on about some facilities that maybe should be closed down--we are going to have to look at cost savings, but we are also going to have to look at a security threat possibly in Alaska if we don't start moving forward on making sure that these facilities are secure.    I saw some University of Alaska shots of what they predicted would happen to some of our Air Force assets in Alaska and the moves that might have to come, because they don't see this climate change doing anything but moving forward. And Alaska is losing its ice shelf at a more rapid pace than they thought, exposing some of our facilities.    Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And I, too, would like to reflect the sentiments of this committee of thanking you, Secretary James, not only for the outreach that your professional staff has had with our office, but your personal outreach to me as well. And, General Welsh, thank you for your service. But having been in a family that was very much attached to the Air Force, to your wife, I know all the work that my mother put in to making sure that our family was whole and functioned so that my father could be function--you know, working on his job.    I hope I have two questions that might free up some funding that you can put towards writing us some other programs. So, Secretary James, I would like to call your attention to a memo that was written last July by the commander of the Air Force Space Command, General John Hyten, entitled ``Commanders Intent for Ongoing Material Decisions.'' And the memo states that the Air Force should begin outsourcing some of the on-orbit, operation, and maintenance of its wideband global SATCOM communication satellites to commercial operators. And the intent would be to free up, then, more uniformed Air Force personnel currently devoted to these infrastructure, maintenance, and utilization. And they could put them towards other purposes. And it would also help lower costs in the Air Force.    So I would like you to respond to, you know, the global, you know, system and what we could do to help the Air Force with discussions on industry and possibly commercializing more of this system?    And then the second question I have, Secretary James and General Welsh, has to do again with BRAC. Because there is--the Department of Defense, you have proposed a new round of base realignments and closures in 2019, believing as much as 25 percent of the infrastructure might be in surplus. 25 percent is a quarter of surplus infrastructure. So what is your assessment of the extent of excess facilities in the Air Force? And could you describe to what extent these surplus facilities burden the Air Force, and actually hold you down doing the job you want to do in a cost-effective manner to stand ready to protect the United States?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I have a quick question for the Reserve and one for the Guard.    One issue I have been hearing a lot about, my staff has been hearing a lot about, is the lack of adequate funding for a lodging-in-kind program. It is a program that Reservists from rural districts depend upon to give them a space to sleep over drill weekends. And because the program has not been adequately funded over the last 2 years, we are hearing that many Reservists have been forced to pay out of pocket for their lodging costs and their transportation. And these are costs that many of them cannot afford to pay, but I just, quite frankly, don't think they should be paying.    So, General Talley, can you tell me why we are not adequately funding the lodging-in-kind program? And that has to have an effect on retention in the Reserves if you start paying out of pocket. What can we do to help you with that?    General Talley. Congresswoman, thank you very much for the question, because it is something that I tried hard to initiate my first year in the job.    So the Army doesn't have--the Army does not--I am ashamed to say the Army does not resource in-kind lodging the way that our other services do. It is not a policy issue; it is just a resource issue.    So, within the Army Reserve, as the Chief of the Army Reserve, I have self-funded the in-kind lodging program that we have in the Army Reserve. So I am looking across the Army Reserve budget and saying where can I assume risk elsewhere to bring some money into an Army Reserve in-kind lodging, focused on company-level command teams and below, especially those that are more than 50 miles out. And I have funded it every year out of the Army Reserve account.    But it is only a very, very small amount of money, and I would love to grow that program and, particularly, provide more capability and resourcing. Because since we don't have State boundaries and it is very common in the Army Reserve culture to go from this State to that State as you are drilling and training, it does become very problematic.    Ms. McCollum. Well, if you would please get the committee staff the amount that you are spending currently and then whatever the shortfall would be, I would appreciate that.    I have a question about the cyber protection teams in the National Guard, and either one of you gentlemen can answer it.    In 2015, the National Guard announced plans to activate 10 National Guard/Army cyber protection teams, covering 24 States, and they are based on FEMA regions. And one of the States, of course, you know, full disclosure, FEMA Region 5 is Minnesota. And it is my understanding that three teams were activated last year, but there are seven teams left to be activated yet.    And you have all kinds of information, I was just out on your Web site, about the National Cyber Guard and announcing, you know, the States that are going to be participating in it, yet these teams were not funded in the fiscal year 2017 budget. And as the cyber domain continues to expand, I agree with you, I believe these teams are going to be essential to meet our national security demands. Citizen soldiers of the National Guard bring private-sector experience and expertise that makes them uniquely qualified for the critical task of defending our national security in the cyber domain.    So could you please tell me about these vital roles these teams are going to be playing? What is your rollout for structure?    And how do you make your decision on which FEMA team gets resourced first? Is it teams that you can stand up quick? I would think Team 5, which includes Chicago, Milwaukee, Madison, and the Twin Cities, would be ripe with people that you could train to train the trainer in the future.    And what is it going to take to adequately fund these teams? And can you tell me the three teams that are currently funded? That I couldn't find on the Web site.    General Kadavy. So, Congresswoman, yeah, you are correct, we did name all 10 CPTs, cyber protection teams, late last year. While they are beginning to stand up, they actually don't activate until fiscal year 2017 for the first three teams. The next four are in fiscal year 2018, and then three teams in fiscal year 2019. They can begin to grow, but the full resources don't show up until those years.    So POM funding for our cyber protection teams begin in the POM year, fiscal year 2018 through 2022. So all that is being taken out of current-year operational tempo and paying allowances to begin to train the servicemembers. And we project that to be a 12- to 24-month period to train them at a cost of about $10 million, a million dollars per team, as we begin to stand those capabilities up.    As is related to Cyber Guard, we did provide earlier cyber network defense teams to all 54 States, territories, and the District of Columbia, and many of them are what participate. Those have been ongoing with different various levels of training. And they go there, compete, and share lessons learned on how to protect their State networks, their Guard network.    Ms. McCollum. Well, I asked the question, what three are standing up?    General Kadavy. The three that stand up in fiscal year 2017 are Georgia and California and then a combined CPT of Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana. Those are the ones that were announced about a year ago this time.    Ms. McCollum. And, Mr. Chair, sir, what is going to be the next round, and how do you determine that? Based on what? What is your criteria?    General Grass. Congresswoman, when we looked at the Army and Air combined, one of the things we took into consideration is where is the expertise in academia, where is the expertise in business and industry.    And so we took the Army and Air, the two Directors came to me, and we are actually on a path right now that, if we field everything and get everything trained up in units in the States, we will have at least 30 States with a cyber capability by 2019, both Army Guard and Air Guard.    So we take all those criteria, we do an analysis. We work with the States, we look at their strength, their ability to have structure. And then we start standing it up.    Ms. McCollum. Well, that was my question. So you have a formula that you can send to the committee so we can figure out--because cybersecurity is something that we are talking a lot about and figuring out how this works and how we can be helpful with that.    You didn't have funding in the budget last time. The committee supplied it, and you stood up three. If you were to somehow or another receive more funding, do you have a process in place to stand up some more?    General Grass. Congresswoman, one of the issues we are dealing with right now, all services and all components are pushing for cyber as fast as we can. And there are three levels of training they go through. Their initial skill training, which is when they enter the military; then there are certifications they have to receive; and then there is joint training.    What we are looking at right now across the board is what can we bring a soldier or an airman into from civilian skills and give them credit for that so we don't have to replicate that. Because there is just not enough infrastructure and enough instructors yet to get that up and running. But we are pushing as fast as we can.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chair, my last question.    Well, then I am confused, because I just asked you if you had a protocol in place. You have three States, three FEMA regions, right----    General Grass. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. McCollum . Stood up. So, obviously, you have criteria on what you need to move forward, correct?    General Grass. Right. The services own that criteria.    Ms. McCollum. Okay. And so my question was--and what you said you did is you looked at regions to see what kind of assets--academia and the rest--that they have. So I am assuming you have done that with all the FEMA areas. I mean, there aren't that many of them to take a look. So you could have some cybersecurity teams ready to go.    And, now, if I just heard you right, the three that we talked about, they are in the early stages where you are trying to figure out even what they have to offer?    General Grass. No, no. What we are trying to do, ma'am, is, as new teams stand up, we are finding that a lot of the individuals, the soldiers and airmen we are recruiting have some skill set already. And what we want to be able to do is, you know, we can extend our capacity to train if we can give them credit for certain courses. And we are working on that right now with CYBERCOM.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I think I am going to add to what my colleague Mr. Womack said, and then ask a question, and I think it all goes together.    U.S. Park Service is having a hard time with pilots and mechanics. U.S. Forest Service has as well. I was up in International Falls. They are recruiting our pilots up there. It is a real problem with our pay scale, both for mechanics and pilots.    So something that no one really wants to talk about on the record is employer fatigue. Employers don't want to talk about it. My Guardsmen and Reserve men and women don't want to talk about it. Nobody wants to go on the record saying it is a problem or that they are starting to hear from their employers. But that is going to affect retention and recruitment.    Employer fatigue. How are we addressing that? Because I actually spoke to one employer. Just loves the fact that for years and years he has stood up and stood with the--I won't say which branch even. I don't want to identify this individual at all. It is starting to affect their bottom line. And the employees are starting to see, as pay goes up, it affects their bottom line in their household income.    So employer fatigue and what is going on with private sector pay. What are we doing to address that? Are you having conversations with folks about it?    General Neal. Well, ma'am, from the Air Guard, since you brought up with pilots, that is an easier one. We have started to have those, as I mentioned before, with the airlines. There is some fatigue. It more becomes about having an understanding of what to expect. So I can't speak for other parts of the private sector we haven't really talked to. But if they have an expectation of when they can have these men and women that are pilots, it goes a long way to kind of keeping employer fatigue down.    There is no doubt about it, we have been pretty busy for 15 years, and we have asked a lot of our traditionals, traditional Guardsmen, we are 70 percent traditional, and we have asked them over and over again to leave their wives and their jobs. And then we ask them to come back, and then maybe we have a Sandy and we ask them to leave again when it is unplanned. But we find that giving them expectations and sticking to it goes a long way. So that is what we are working on now.    We have not had a lot of outcry from the employers, at least at my level. I think you will find that most wing commanders, because we are wing based, they go out and try to talk to these employers when there is a problem, to help mitigate that. And like you say, most employers are very supportive, but the bottom line is the bottom line.    So far we seem to be doing okay, but it is a concern of mine, that down the road as we go farther and farther down this road, and we have cyber, we have RPA, and we have pilots, all who pay very well on the civilian sector, and that is a real concern, ma'am.    General Talley. So, ma'am, if it is okay, I would like to answer. Thank you for that question.    So it is a problem. And I have been saying it is a challenge for the whole 4 years I have been in this position. And back when I was a major, troop program unit, juggling between what all of our reservists do, which is between family and professional civilian career and military career.    The first thing we have to do is we have to have predictability--so that is one in five--and we have to stick to it. But then if we are trying to generate such high levels of readiness to the left of the mobilization date, that extra time is significant.    And so one of the reasons I have--I would like to believe that two of the most important things I have done in 4 years, one is plan, prepare, provide, and how to generate readiness in the Army Reserve through that business model.    The other is the Army Reserve Private Public Partnership. So what we have done is we have partnered with those private companies and we have given them predictability and we have shown them how we can help their bottom line through leverage and sharing of capability and resourcing in a way that they feel good. But one is we have got to give them the predictability, we have got to keep it at one in five, and we have to recognize, at least in the case of the Army Reserve, the only reason they are such a good surgeon or an engineer is because that is what they do in the private sector. If I lose that private sector support, your Army Reserve will not be able to be the technical experts that the Army and the joint forces expect.    So I have put my eggs in the basket of Private Public Partnership. I had a meeting with Acting Secretary of the Army Murphy this morning and all we talked about was Private Public Partnership and what a great model that could be for the Army.    So we need to do more. But we need one in five, keep it one in five. Remember we are a Reserve that is called on to be part of the operation force, not the reverse.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you.