    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Chairman. And thank you all for being here again. We really appreciate it. The strategic need for the F-35, I think everyone knows that. We hear it. It is now crunch time, though, on the delivery piece of it.    And, General Bogdan, you are right, there is a perception issue both in what they are going to get and what they expect to get. But there is also this perception that I have held and I have used this as an example.    I have been to no less than 14 hearings dealing with changes to retirement plans, taking away of the housing allowance, transferability of the GI Bill benefit, commissary changes, and TRICARE. And where that relates to this is the perception out there is, is when the Pentagon needs to save money, they go to those programs. And I always use the example that we haven't had as many of these.    So I hear statements like this from one of our partners from the Australian Defence Force, I think it was Keith Joiner said it. He's responsible for evaluating this, and he said some systems like the radar are fundamentally worse than earlier, which is not a good sign. The next software version Block 4 won't be available. So here we are with bug fixes for the next 7 years. And they are looking, am I correct in this, they are reevaluating their purchases on this.    So I go back home. I talk to soldiers and sailors, say, ``So I just lost a GI Bill benefit. What is happening with this?'' How do I talk to them about it? Is it a matter of until you deliver it, this is just going to go on? Because I do kind of feel like I am asked to come into the play and do my part and say this, and then it is going to be delivered. How do I go back? How would you answer on this?    General Bogdan. It is a tough question, Congressman. And I clearly understand the point of view here. I guess the best I would offer, if I were asked that question, is that bringing a new weapon system online to defend our country is never easy. And it always is fraught with mistakes, bad choices, technical challenges. And the history of especially developing airplanes has been murky. We have had lots of problems over the years bringing new airplanes online.    Mr. Walz. And that is a helpful piece. You have more experience in this. How similar is this to when the F-16 came on? How similar is what we are seeing here today?    General Bogdan. The F-16 was a very simple airplane when it first came out and over the years got more complicated. And it had setbacks. I am not sure if you are aware, the very first flight of the F-16, sir, was an accident. They were not supposed to take off. Because of the flight control system not being properly rigged, the pilot, in order to save the airplane, had to take off. So airplanes experience this.    Mr. Walz. No, I think that is true. And I want to be clear on this so that I am not, and I am not teeing this up, because I am one who believes we need these systems. Is it apples to oranges because of the exponential technical differences between that launch and this launch? And I know that is kind of a hard question because we were at our technological limit then and now maybe we are there, so it may be similar to that. But is it the case that there is more things that can go wrong so they probably will?    Mr. Walz. Yes, Mr. Sullivan.    Mr. Walz. And that has as much to do with this side of the table as that side.    Mr. Walz. I know. Well, thank you. I yield back.    Thank you, Chairman.