    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock again for holding this hearing, and appreciate the witnesses who are here, and look forward to their testimony.    The future of America's transportation systems depends on the effective development and use of new technologies. Technology enhances the capacity and safety of our roadways, railways, and other transportation systems. Technology can relieve traffic congestion, and enable our pipelines to safely transport hazardous materials. This will boost economic efficiency, reduce cost, and improve productivity.    The federal government's investments in the transportation network should be targeted to achieve desired outcomes. The Department of Transportation's current five year research, development, and technology strategic plan merges Congress's priority from the 2012 transportation bill, commonly referred to as MAP 21, with the Department's strategic plan goals. It creates five research, development, and technology priority areas for Fiscal Years 2013 to 2018. Those include promoting safety, extending the life of future transportation systems, improving the movement of goods, reducing congestion, and improving mobility, and protecting the environment. If we focus on smart priorities, the investments we make today will improve the future of transportation.    Cutting edge concepts encompass a broad range of information and communications technologies that have the potential to improve the safety, efficiency, and performance of our nation's transportation system. The issues before us today touch on all modes of surface transportation, and impact every American. High priority research and development will not only help create autonomous automobiles, and improve crash avoidance, and other safety technologies, it will also lead to better roads. Some examples include the use of nanotechnology to create new and better road surfacing materials, and the development of new means of integrating multi-mode transportation. This will allow Americans to navigate the roads more easily and comfortably.    It is essential that we find a way to maintain a healthy, substantive research base for our state and local transportation initiatives. We have to ensure that Congress gets its priorities right, and avoid duplication of research, in order to ensure taxpayers receive maximum value for their hard earned tax dollars. This makes the Committee's jurisdiction over the research, development, and technology programs at the Department of Transportation particularly relevant.    Thank you, Madam Chair, again. I look forward to our witnesses.    Dr. Smith. Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and Members of the Committee, thank you for holding this hearing and inviting me to testify today. My name is Brian Smith, and I am the Director of the University of Virginia Center for Transportation Studies. I appreciate the Committee's focus on the role of the federal government in supporting research to tackle emerging transportation challenges.    UVACTS leads a wide range of research and education activities directly supporting local, state, and federal agencies, as well as the private sector. My testimony today will focus on the work of CTS in our new Mid-Atlantic Transportation Sustainability University Transportation Center, or MATS UTC for short, and how federal, state, and local engagement with, and support for, university research has improved the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of our nation's surface transportation system.    UVA has a long history of working closely with local and state agencies, such as the Virginia Department of Transportation, or V-DOT, to deliver applied research that advances their missions. In addition, we also develop the future leaders of the transportation industry and train over 2,000 V-DOT and local agency professionals annually to take full advantage of rapidly changing technology. To complement the applied research, basic research is essential to create the advances and develop technologies that sustain an efficient, reliable, and cost-effective system. In particular, a strong federal transportation research program is crucial as the research community seeks to develop new technologies that take advantage of rapid advances in fields such as materials and information technology.    For many states, including Virginia, the Federal University Transportation Centers, or UTC Program, has played a key role in enabling a comprehensive program that balances both short term applied research with higher risk, higher reward basic research focused on emerging challenges. The UTC program brings together federal and state resources to address critical regional needs that limited state resources cannot address alone. The program is a small, but highly leveraged federal program that successfully maximizes the support.    I will now change and discuss the new MATS UTC, which has expanded our research and education capabilities at UVA. MATS UTC began operation last July, and supports the surface transportation community in the United States, with a focus on the Mid-Atlantic region. The objective of our work is to improve the environmental sustainability of surface transportation services. Our partners in the UTC are Virginia Tech, Old Dominion University, Marshall University, Morgan State University, and the University of Delaware. Like many UTCs, the MATS UTC program focuses on research, technology transfer, undergraduate and graduate education, training of practicing transportation professionals, and outreach to introduce opportunities in surface transportation and STEM fields to the K-12 students, with a focus on traditionally underrepresented groups.    We've organized the MATS UTC program to bring together the region's researchers to work on teams to tackle complex problems. A key component of our program lies in soliciting proposals to competitively award funding to support multidisciplinary research that addresses the needs of the region and nation. Our research is reviewed by national experts in a peer review fashion. Our multi-level research program is focused on five critical areas, sustainable freight movement, coastal infrastructure resiliency, energy efficient urban transportation, enhanced water quality management, and sustainable land use practices. USDOT is integral to the operation of MATS UTC, both through the funding it provides, and through close coordination with our team. MATS UTC also works closely with local and state transportation agencies to ensure that our research is responsive to local needs.    Outside of MATS UTC, UVA continues to conduct research for the future surface transportation system. For example, UVA CTS supports the USDOT as it invests in development of connected vehicle applications, which you heard about a bit already, to provide connectivity between and among vehicles, infrastructure, and wireless devices, enabling safety, mobility, and environmental benefits. Our research is focused on using technology to allow DOTs to meet their missions more effectively, and at lower costs. An example is a recent research project on pavement roughness measurement to support roadway maintenance. This work we did provides the potential for V-DOT to improve their data collection, while also saving about $2 million a year in monitoring costs. UVA CTS also frequently interacts with private sector to involve companies in applied research, and to support rapid implementation of results. More detailed examples of technology transfer in our research is provided in my written testimony.    UVA CTS is proud to have contributed to the development of transportation technology, and to have developed leaders in the transportation industry. Thanks to federal investment in research, in particular long term support of the critical UTC program, the country is well positioned to make our transportation system safer, more efficient, and sustainable. I appreciate the opportunity to provide testimony to the Committee, and I am happy to answer questions later. Thank you.    Dr. Smith. Just to briefly add to that, and one of the--I think the strengths of the UTC program is that the universities can serve as that kind of conduit, to take the research that's been sponsored at the federal level. We know the people in our state and local agencies. We talk to them just informally. We have courses specifically to try to take the results from research and make it more tangible and usable. So we don't just say, here's a paper, read it. We really try to find ways to make it real so that they can implement it, and that's an important part of the UTC program.    Chairwoman Comstock. Great, thank you. And I see my time is just about up, so I--I'll recognize Ranking Member Mr. Lipinski.