    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. We have an important hearing today. I appreciate all being here. I got to tell you, though, I wish I didn't have to compel you all to be here. We asked you as legislative liaisons to come participate with us and which you refused.    So the Committee on Oversight will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We have a couple of goals for the hearing and our investigation, and I need to do our constitutional duty. One, the FBI needs to produce its full investigative file to the United States Congress. And I mean the full file, not just the parts the FBI deemed relevant. Right now, we only have the 302s handpicked by the FBI. We decide what's relevant, not the Department of Justice, not the FBI. We're entitled to the full file.    Two, all unclassified portions of the file should be released to the public as quickly as possible. It has been more than 20 days since, I'm sure, the very first FOIA request was put out there and, by law, that should be out there. I want to commend the FBI for already releasing its investigative summary report and Secretary Clinton's 302 interview summary to the public. We do appreciate that, and it's duly noted. But there are still a number of 302s left for the FBI to release. We were surprised to learn that the 302s, the so-called investigative files provided to the United States Congress, at least to the security officer, were only a portion of them, not all of them.    And three, all Members of Congress should be able to review the entire file right now, unless you're part of the Intel Committee, Oversight Committee, the Judiciary Committee, and the Appropriations Committee, these are--if you're a member, you have to be on those committees in order to view what is currently in the SCIF. It's unclear to me how the FBI can prevent a Member of Congress from seeing what we're already allowed to see by law, yet here they have done so. Even the unclassified information. That's what's mystifying to me. Even unclassified information you're preventing Members of Congress from seeing.    But we do believe we should be able to see the file and the whole file, and it's disappointing that we are here today. We have a number of questions about the redactions, the classifications. I thought a number of those things would just be entered in a briefing. You know, Elijah Cummings, my--the ranking member here, has made a point on several occasions that rather than just going right into a hearing, let's go to a briefing.    We had legitimate questions. We did have this planned for last week. We did have more than 12 Members of the Congress show up to have that briefing, and none of you showed up. That's inexcusable. You're the congressional affairs officers. It's your job to talk to Congress. And for some of you, I had to threaten to send a subpoena just to get you to appear today.    We did some--did some math. We've got seven of you sitting here. Between your compensation and your benefits package, you make more than $1 million from taxpayers. The taxpayers are paying you seven more than $1 million, and you won't even come talk to Congress. What do you do all day if you don't talk to Congress? That's your job.    So we're going to do that today. And the irony here is we're trying to protect the classified information. I didn't create this mess. Hillary Clinton created this mess. There are years of Federal records. Some of it so classified, none of us in this room should probably see them. Most of it's unclassified. But we have a duty and an obligation to protect that information.    I believe that's probably the same goal that you have, but we're going to have to have a reality check here. She's the one that took the records from the State Department, gave access to people who don't have security clearances. The case is closed. There's no consequences, nobody being held accountable. But we also had an FBI director come and testify that he never looked at her testimony under oath, and somehow we have a classified system and we have a nonclassified system, and somehow information was going from the classified system into a nonclassified system.    So it's ironic that you don't want to appear before this committee out of a concern for protecting classified information when Hillary Clinton walked around with a Blackberry full of classified information and gave access to sensitive Federal records to folks without security clearances at all.    I want to understand from each of you what it is you think that Congress should not see. See, I believe passionately in the role of Congress. I believe passionately in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. We were founded in 1814. Every expenditure, everything we do in this Congress--or everything we do in this Nation is supposed to be overseen by us. We can investigate anything at any time. That's what's different about the United States of America. We're different because we are self-critical, we do go look under the hood, we do hold people accountable. That's why when Abraham Lincoln joined the United States Congress, he was on this committee, and he peppered the President because he didn't believe that the Mexican-American War started as the President said it was. And there has been a rich history of that throughout generations.    We can't do that when each of the agencies that you all represent decide that, well, we're just going to show you the relevant information. We're not even going to answer your questions. You can't see those documents. That's the way a banana republic acts. It's not the way the United States of America acts. So we expect better and we expect you to be responsive, and I don't expect to have to issue a subpoena to see unclassified information.    While we can't be certain what is under each of the redactions within the documents, as far as we can tell, the redactions are covering information commonly given to Congress, such as names of key fact witnesses, titles and positions of government employees at the State Department, and Gmail accounts. There's nothing classified about that information.    While I understand there's an argument to withhold information under the Privacy Act or the Freedom of Information Act, neither of those apply to Congress or any other committees. As I understand it, the FBI is not withholding any information based on the Privacy Act. Instead, they just don't want to give us the information. So there's really no legal basis for these redactions.    The FBI also chose to redact any information in the report classified above secret. This also makes no sense. As a Member of Congress, we routinely receive documents and briefings from the intelligence community at the highest levels of classification, with the exception of sources, methods, with the exception of the SAP material. So any redactions have to be based on classification, have to be removed. We have to be able to see that information.    We also have questions on what the FBI file contains. Oddly enough, the copies of the file provided to us by the FBI are different. We are very grateful that they provided the first set on a Tuesday. I believe it was August 16th. The next day we got a second set. The problem is the second set had 27 emails more than the other one, which we are grateful for. It was an improving file. Only to have the FBI try to come back and recover those, not because it was SAP material, because it's embarrassing. That's why. It was embarrassing. But we should have had it in the first round. We should have had it at the very beginning.    I also want to put this request in context because it's far from the first time Congress or even this committee has requested an investigative file from the FBI or the Department of Justice. Congressional committees are routinely provided investigative materials by the Department of Justice and the     I ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the 2007 CRS report.    Chairman Chaffetz. This was done when things were going on with the dismissal of the U.S. attorneys. I'm going to read, it's a little bit long, but this is as good a summary as to why Congress should be able to see this as anything, and I have got to read a few sentences here.    From the CRS. A review of the historical experience and legal rulings pertinent to congressional access to information regarding the law enforcement activities of the Department of Justice indicates in the last 85 years, Congress has consistently sought and obtained deliberative prosecutorial memoranda and the testimony of line attorneys, FBI field agents, and other subordinate agency employees regarding the conduct of open and closed cases in the course of enumerable investigations of the Department of Justice activities.    These investigations have encompassed virtually every component of the Department of Justice and its officials, employees, from the Attorney General down to the subordinate level personnel. It appears that the fact that an agency, such as the Justice Department, has determined for its own internal purposes that a particular item should not be disclosed or that the information sought should come from one of the committees or subcommittees or does not prevent either the House of Congress or its committees or subcommittees from obtaining or publishing information it considers essential for the proper performance of its constitutional functions.    There appears to be no court precedent that impresses the threshold burden on committees to demonstrate, for example, quote, ``a substantial reason to believe wrongdoing occurred,'' end quote, before a jurisdictional committee may seek disclosure with respect to the conduct of specific open and closed criminal and civil cases.    Indeed, the case law is quite the contrary. An inquiring committee need only show that the information sought is within the broad spectrum of the matter of its authorized jurisdiction, is in aid of a legitimate legislative function, and is pertinent to the area of concern.    And it goes on for page after page after page of precedent here. Basically, there is no legal reason why you should withhold any of this information from the United States Congress. This goes back from the Teapot Dome bribery scandal, to Valerie Plame, to what was done by Chairman Waxman when he requested the FBI 302s for President Bush, Vice President Cheney, Karl Rove, and several other senior advisors.    I have two other things that I'd like to enter into the record. I ask unanimous consent to enter into this--to enter the CRS report as well as the December 3, 2007, letter from Chairman Waxman to Attorney General Mukasey in the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'd also ask unanimous consent to enter the September 10, 2007, letter from Chairman Conyers to Attorney General Gonzales into the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. And finally, I want to commend the FBI for making its summary report and 302 of Secretary Clinton public. I do appreciate that. It's a good start. It's a good start. But it's time we be candid and honest with the American people, you allow Congress to do its job. I didn't pick this timeline. Hillary Clinton picked this timeline.    I don't care about the election, what time it is, we're going to keep going at this full speed ahead. It is far, far too important.    With that, I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. And with some indulgence, the ranking member knows it is a requirement in House rules to go into a nonclassified setting to an open session prior to going into a classified setting. We have set up in the House visitor center the classified room that will be closed to the public and the press. We are prepared to go into that setting, but we're required by House rules to first come into this open session first. It does require a vote of the committee.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. And with--as the gentleman knows, there is a lot of classified information in Hillary Clinton's emails that should never ever see the light of day. That's why there is so much concern. That's why we're prepared to go into classified setting. That's why we believe we have the right witnesses here.    And also, to clarify the record, I never had a conversation with Director Comey where I asked him to come again and he refused. That just never happened. I asked him some specific questions in a personal phone call that I had with him, if we had all the 302s. I was surprised to learn that we hadn't. I asked him a couple of other questions. He didn't know the answer and that we should work with his staff.    The staff that the FBI has provided to us to work with is the legislative liaison. That's how we work with each of the agencies, is primarily with the legislative liaison. That's why we're here. And when we ask them to come to a briefing in the SCIF on--in closed doors, it is an embarrassment to this Congress that they wouldn't show up and answer those questions.    Chairman Chaffetz. So we will allow them to give opening statements. We will ask questions on this dais in the unclassified. If we want to get into the heart of what is under a certain--certain thing, and we want to get--and it's classified, then we'll have to do that in the classified portion. But we're going to do the unclassified first, then we'll excuse and we'll go to the House visitor center and ask things in a secure facility.    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. It is highly recommended, it is part of our committee rules that you are to submit testimony 24 hours prior. You are the legislative liaisons. You know this. You're supposed to know this. None of you have provided testimony, but I'm happy to recognize each of you, and--along the way. But let me do this.    We will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written statement. We'll recognize our panel of witnesses. If any of you have opening statements, we're happy to hear those. We'll ask the unclassified questions, and then we will go into the classified setting. Fair enough?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    We're pleased to welcome the Honorable Peter Kadzik, Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs at the United States Department of Justice; the Honorable Julia Frifield, Assistant Secretary of the Bureau of Legislative Affairs at the United States Department of State; Mr. Jason Herring, Acting Assistant Director for Congressional Affairs at the Federal Bureau of Investigation; Ms. Deirdre Walsh, Assistant Director for Legislative Affairs at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; Mr. Neal Higgins, the Director of Congressional Affairs at the Central Intelligence Agency; Mr. James Samuel, Jr., Chief of Congressional Affairs at the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.    And help me with your last name, Mr.----    Chairman Chaffetz. --Soule. Mr. Trumbull Soule is Director of Legislative Affairs at the Office of the National Security Agency/Central Security Service.    We thank you for being here. Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify.    If you'll please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you.    Let the record reflect that the witnesses all answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate it if you would limit your questions--or your comments to 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm not sure who has an opening statement and who doesn't. We haven't been submitted anything.    Mr. Kadzik, do you have any opening comments?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let the record reflect that none of them ultimately accepted service in terms of accepting the subpoena. I'm just saying, in general, it did require us to get to the point where I signed subpoenas and presented those subpoenas, but all of the witnesses here today ultimately came here voluntarily. And I appreciate you highlighting that.    Chairman Chaffetz. And Mr. Kadzik was not one of those people. Let's be clear here.    Yes, Ms. Frifield.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Herring.    Mr. Herring. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I do have a few opening remarks to make.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. You're now recognized.    Mr. Herring. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Cummings----    Chairman Chaffetz. You can move that microphone just straight up right in there. Yeah, there you go.    Mr. Herring. Better.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Cummings, members of the committee for the opportunity to discuss our production of documents in this highly unusual case with intense public interest. I am Special Agent Jason Herring, the Acting Assistant Director for the FBI's Office of Congressional Affairs.    In early July, Director Comey appeared before this committee and answered questions for almost 5 hours to explain the FBI's investigation and conclusions regarding the email matter. At that hearing, and at every opportunity since then, Director Comey has promised that the FBI would be as transparent and forthcoming in this investigation as we could responsibly be.    To that end, on August the 16, the FBI provided to our congressional oversight committees a number of investigative documents to the investigation. It included an investigative summary of the factual information uncovered during the course of our investigation, the relevant FBI interview reports, sometimes known as 302s, and the emails that were determined to contain classified information.    We produced these documents to satisfy the committee's immediate oversight interest in the FBI's conduct in this investigation. This was an unprecedented production and one made with extraordinary speed. We did this because we believe it's important for oversight committees to understand how the FBI reached our conclusion in light of intense public interest in this case.    I am not here today to discuss the merits of the investigation, but rather to discuss and answer process-related questions with the production of our investigative case materials to this committee and our other oversight committees. From my conversations with committee staff late last week, I believe I have an understanding of some of the committee's questions and would like to address those issues head on and up front as best I can.    In order to do that, I do need to be in a closed classified setting. I'll reserve the remainder of my opening remarks for when we go to the closed classified setting. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Walsh.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    It's my understanding Mr. Higgins, Mr. Samuel, and Mr. Soule, that Ms. Walsh's statements reflect the--I see. Okay.    We'll now recognize myself for the first set of questions.    Mr. Herring, what information do you believe that Congress does not have the right to see?    Mr. Herring. So we believe it's important for oversight committees to understand how the FBI reached our conclusion.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. I'm asking you a philosophical question here. What does Congress not have the right to see?    Mr. Herring. So I don't know if I can answer that in a way that--you know, I think there's more to it than a simple answer. I think that each case is sort of specific to its own set of facts. I think we try to be--I think Director Comey tried to be as transparent as he could with this committee and with other----    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you think he could be--okay.    Mr. Herring. --other committees as he responsibly can be. So I think when he spoke and he answered his questions----    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait, wait. What is it that I as a Member of Congress, or any Member on this Congress, either side of the aisle, what is it that you believe we don't have the right to see?    See, this is the way our government works. We get to do oversight. That's why, since 1814, this committee has been doing that. There's executive--let me help you. There's executive privilege. Has the President invoked executive privilege in this case?    Mr. Herring. No.    Chairman Chaffetz. The answer is no. Good. That's right. The answer is no.    Is there any other situation?    Mr. Herring. Look, when it comes to classified information and the classification that deals in the executive order, you know, not all the information that we have in our files belongs to us. We defer to other agencies when it comes to access to their classified information.    Chairman Chaffetz. But you are the ones that put redactions on personal identifiable information, correct?    Mr. Herring. We did on the personal identifiable information, that's correct.    Chairman Chaffetz. Where in the Constitution does it say that I can't see that?    Mr. Herring. It doesn't address it specifically in the Constitution.    Chairman Chaffetz. So can you cite any legal case, any precedent that says that Congress can't look at personal identifiable information?    Mr. Herring. I cannot cite any legal case.    Chairman Chaffetz. Did--are you aware that Congress is exempt from the Privacy Act?    Mr. Herring. I am.    Chairman Chaffetz. Does the FBI treat congressional document requests as FOIA requests?    Mr. Herring. No.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the FBI provide Congress all of the 302s?    Mr. Herring. All of the 302s? We have one set that you've been provided already. The rest of them are coming through the FOIA process.    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait, wait, wait. We're not--FOIA process. You mean I got to fill out a FOIA request?    Mr. Herring. You can. Not necessary.    Chairman Chaffetz. When--here's the problem. You handpicked the 302s to give to us. My understanding, your discussion with staff. And I appreciate your accessibility with the staff, you've been good, and you're new. For your first time hearing, this is a tough one, but the reality is, you should give us all the 302s.    Mr. Herring. So let me say this. I think that--I think the director made principle decisions about what to say to Congress when he was here and also what to provide to Congress. As far as the redactions and----    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait. Where do I find that?    Mr. Herring. --personally identifiable----    Chairman Chaffetz. Do we just let everybody in government decide that they're based on their own individual principles, that's what Congress--see, it's trust but verify is how it works. You don't get to decide what I get to see. I get to see it all.    I was elected by some 800,000 people to come to Congress and see classified information. I was elected by my colleagues here to be the chairman of this committee. That's the way our Constitution works.    Will the FBI provide to Congress the full file with no redactions of personal identifiable information?    Mr. Herring. I cannot make that commitment sitting here today.    Chairman Chaffetz. Then I'm going to issue a subpoena and I'm going to do it right now. So let's go--I've signed this subpoena. We want all the 302s, and we would like the full file.    You can accept service on behalf of the FBI?    Mr. Herring. Certainly.    Chairman Chaffetz. You are hereby served.    We have a duty and a responsibility. You can cite no precedent, nothing in the Constitution, no legal precedent. You know this is important to us. You now have your subpoena. We would all like to see this information.    I've gone past my time. I'm coming up on going past my time.    I'll now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Mr. Herring. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Some of the 302s. And when you don't show up at a meeting that we request behind closed doors, kind of lose that opportunity.    Mr. Herring. If I could----    Chairman Chaffetz. No. We're going to recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentlewoman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. Any one of the four people from the Intelligence community here can help answer this. Have you made redactions on personal identifiable information to the Intel Committee?    Mr. Higgins, how about you?    Chairman Chaffetz. There's no redactions.    Ms. Walsh?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Samuel?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Soule?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you release these emails into the public, and if so, what would happen?    Mr. Higgins, what happens if we release these emails that are--that Hillary--on Hillary Clinton's unsecured server, what happens?    Chairman Chaffetz. And do these--are some of these materials include sources and methods?    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentlewoman's time is expired, but thank you so much for yielding to me. I do appreciate it.    Chairman Chaffetz. It was pretty good, wasn't it?    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman, and I guess some indulgence. Where I have a problem is when they redact information that is deemed unclassified. I don't understand that. It makes no sense, and it's--classification is one issue, but when they redact information that has already been designated as unclassified, I believe that Congress should be able to see that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure, yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. And I appreciate the dialogue back and forth.    Now let's recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Herring. Sir, can I answer that? I mean, I think it's important for us as an agency to be apolitical, to follow the facts in any case where it takes us. And I do believe that we followed the facts in this particular case. And Director Comey certainly made a very difficult decision. But ultimately, at the Department of Justice, he makes the determination of prosecution.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time is expired.    Chairman Chaffetz. We're not going to recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired. I think that last comment was a bit inappropriate.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, the ranking member?    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Gladly.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no. The gentleman's time has expired. We have votes on the floor that are 10 minutes away, and we have members who still haven't asked questions. Plus, we need to do a recorded vote. So we're going to have to--we're going to have to leave it here.    And I now recognize----    Chairman Chaffetz. --the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm sorry, what was the gentleman's answer? What was your answer to that question?    Mr. Herring. The redactions are completed for the ones that are here with Congress, the ones we released. We're working on the other--the remaining 302s. The PII redactions for the remaining 302s are in process.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, what I believe Mr. Meadows is asking is that under FOIA, there is a 20-day requirement to respond to a FOIA request. Now that we know that they're all done, will you release those within the 20-day timeframe?    Mr. Herring. So I'm not a FOIA guy. They're not all completed for the other 302s, the remainder----    Chairman Chaffetz. Are there any that are completed?    Mr. Herring. I'm sorry.    Chairman Chaffetz. Are there any that are completed?    Mr. Herring. I don't know the status. I don't know the status of all----    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll go into that tomorrow. We've gone past our time.    Let's now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    It is the intention of the chair to exhaust the questioning appropriate for an opening session. But pursuant to House rule XI, clause 2(g)(2), I move that part of the remainder of the hearing will be closed to all persons other than the Members of the House, staff of the committee with appropriate security clearances, the official reporter and the witnesses and their counsels with appropriate security clearances, because the expected testimony received may include material designated as classified. I remind members that this is not a debatable motion. Pursuant to the House rules, the motion must be approved by a recorded vote.    The question is on closing part of the remainder of the hearing to the public. And, again, it's the intention of the chair to allow members to ask further questions in the unclassified setting and then go into the classified setting.    So the clerk on the question, the question is on closing part of the remainder of the hearing to the public. The clerk will call the roll.    The Clerk. Mr. Chaffetz?    Mr. Chaffetz. Aye.    The Clerk. Mr. Chaffetz votes yes.    Mr. Mica?    Chairman Chaffetz. The clerk will report the tally.    The Clerk. On this vote, there are 25 yeas and zero nays.    Chairman Chaffetz. The motion is adopted.    It is the intention of the chair to reconvene here 7:30, and then we will close out the remaining of the unclassified questions. We will then, at the appropriate time, depart for HVC-210, the Capitol Visitor Center, as it's been prepared for a closed hearing of the committee. Only members of the committee, designated committee staff, the official reporter, the witnesses and their counsel may be present. The clerk is directed to allow only these persons to enter at that appropriate time. We stand in recess until 7:30.    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will resume. We're going to come back into order.    We now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I recognize now the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Microphone, please.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. We'll now recognize the gentlewoman from Wyoming, Mrs. Lummis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Herring, the problem that we have is that the redactions that you've given us don't allow us to look at the full and complete file. That's part of the challenge.    Mr. Herring. Okay.    Chairman Chaffetz. Let's start with Mr. Soule there. The NSA, do you have an understanding of the total universe of the compromised classified material that was found in the universe?    Chairman Chaffetz. What--explain that to me. She had--Hillary Clinton took 4 years of communication outside of a secure communication. Do you or do you not have an understanding of the universe of that breach?    Chairman Chaffetz. Does your agency? Does the NSA understand the universe of the breached material?    Chairman Chaffetz. But do you have an accounting that shows that you have all of the--there were untold tens of thousands of things that were destroyed. We heard testimony from Under Secretary Kennedy just last week that they now have 14,900 additional emails, plus tens of thousands that have been given to them in the last 30 days.    So I'm asking if the NSA understands how much classified information from NSA has been compromised in a nonsecure setting.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you'll get that to me by?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's fair. That's fair.    Mr. Samuel, same question.    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you give us a general sense, though, of--what percentage of the compromise do you believe you're aware of?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Samuel, when did you first become aware that there could have been a compromise of this data?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Soule, when did the NSA first become aware that there might have been a breach of this classified information?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Just so the members know, this criminal referral started because the Inspector General got word that there was classified information in a nonsecure setting, they confirmed that it was in a nonsecure setting, and that's when they gave the criminal referral to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.    Part of what we need to understand is when did ODNI, CIA, NGA, when did they all understand, has all that information been recovered? Are we--it's--we need to know whether or not ODNI understands the scope of what was potentially sent in those emails.    Do you feel, Ms. Walsh, that ODNI knows 100 percent of what was compromised?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you get that to me? Is a week fine? Is that--to ask that question?    Chairman Chaffetz. A week? Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I appreciate it.    All right. The gentleman--the gentlewoman yields back.    Do any other members have any other questions appropriate for an unclassified setting?    Mr. Gosar is now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Does anybody have questions for an unclassified setting? Otherwise, it's the intention of the chair to recess and reconvene in a classified setting.    Let's go to Mr. Grothman of Wisconsin.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. The Under Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy testified there were 14,900 additional emails and tens of thousands that he received in the last 30 days. Was he accurate or inaccurate?    Chairman Chaffetz. There we go.    Go ahead, Mr. Grothman.    Chairman Chaffetz. It's a huge point for us.