    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to talk about unfunded priorities for a few moments. And just clarify before I get specific, did you base your unfunded requirements list on PB 2017 or on the full $574 billion?    General Murray. Sir, we based it on the budget that we submitted. So part of that was the difference between what we built the POM against and what we got in terms of the BBA, so part of that was to backfill the BBA cut, if that makes sense to you? That was a big piece of it.    Mr. MacArthur. I want to make sure I understand that. So was based on the lower----    General Murray. Oh, yes, sir.    Mr. MacArthur . The lower number?    General Murray. Yes, sir.    General Walsh. And I would just reiterate exactly the same thing is we were working off originally what we thought we would have originally. And when the BBA came in, some things had to get pushed out, and as, you know, the pressure of the budget we had to lower, you know. The BBA helped us with 2 years of funding that gave us stability and predictability in our time period.    But the reduction of that pressure, budget pressure, ended up pushing some things that we couldn't fit into the budget numbers that we had. So the unfunded list takes into account those things that we originally would have bought, but now we are unable to buy.    Mr. MacArthur. So I would like to get a sense of the top two or three, four, the most important things that got left off?    General Murray. Yes, sir. I will start. So the first one would be what was reduced in the 2017 budget over what we said we needed, so it is the restoration of the BBA cut we took in 2017. The second one would probably be increased readiness.    As you know, the theme in this year's budget for the Army is near-term readiness. It is about a 5 percent increase in readiness, so buy back more readiness in terms of home station training, flying hours, some training ammunition.    And then probably number three would be we started to explore the recommendations based on the National Commission on the Future Army. There was 63 recommendations they made, and some of those are fairly expensive if we go with those recommendations.    Mr. MacArthur. General Walsh.    General Walsh. You know, I am looking at our list and I don't know if we have had a chance to really prioritize the list as far as what I would look at. I know we certainly have aircraft items that we have got in there, specific aircraft capabilities. Some of our information warfare capabilities that we have got and some of our UAS capabilities is what I would say.    But I will have to get back to you on a prioritization of it. It is more of a list that we have got blocked off by procurement areas without really prioritizing it. So I will have to get back with you on an answer on that.    Mr. MacArthur. We throw around very large numbers with these budgets. Whether it is $18 billion more or less, these are very big numbers. And yet they make a difference. Clearly they make a difference. You mentioned readiness, training, air time, things of that sort. Does that translate in a tangible way in your mind to increased risk to the men and women we put in harm's way?    General Murray. In terms of the lack of that funding?    Mr. MacArthur. Yes.    General Murray. Absolutely. So I mean, and General Milley and General Allen since has testified and the Acting Secretary of the Army, the Honorable Patrick Murphy, that this budget, I mean, we are doubling down on near-term readiness. And it is based upon what is going on in the world today. It is current threats. It is emerging threats and it is the potential. And you can argue whether that potential is increasing or stays the same that we are going to send America's sons and daughters into harm's way in the near future.    And so it is going after the near-term readiness because the one thing none of us can afford to do is get up in the morning and look ourselves in the mirror and say we could have prepared them better when they go. So that is why we were very focused at the expense of everything else in the Army's budget on making sure that we are ready, as ready as we can be as quickly as we can be. And so that is where the risk is.    Mr. MacArthur. And so just to be really clear, we are not talking about maybe-so readiness. We are not talking about being ready for what might happen that we can't foresee, something around the corner. We are talking about near-term readiness to face threats already upon us is tangibly compromised by these differences between the full $574 billion and the, in your case, the $3.4 billion reduction because of this $18 billion cut. Is that correct?    General Murray. Yes, sir.    General Walsh. If I could add from the Marine Corps side on that is is that that balance we have been having to work with between, you know, a forward presence force that we are with the United States Navy and that balance of readiness because we are forward all the time along with the marines and soldiers we have got deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan, that has been a constant that we have been focusing very heavily on the readiness side at the expense of modernization.    I think if I look at the numbers between the last since 2003 to 2016 to now, our investments for readiness has remained the same. Where our continually modernization or modernization accounts or investments accounts have gone down from about 17 percent average over that time to about 10 percent now.    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you. I am out of time but I appreciate it.    And Mr. Chairman, I yield back.