    Mr. Weller. Yes, certainly, sir. So this Committee has afforded NRCS great tools. You talked about a few of them, the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, the new Regional Conservation Partnership Program, the basic authorities we have in our Soil Domestic Allotment Act go out and do conservation planning.    And so there are examples now around the country, Under Secretary Bonnie referenced one of these a little bit, the sage-grouse work we are doing out West. It is not just out West. It is out in the Northeast. This last week we had a celebration in New Hampshire celebrating yet another species that through a collaborative voluntarily approach, landowners have helped head off the paths of potential listing in this case the New England cottontail rabbit. In the last 13 months alone, if you go around the country, starting last August in Montana, with the Arctic fluvial grayling, the Oregon chub in Oregon, the Louisiana black bear in Louisiana, the bi-state population of sage-grouse in the border between California and Nevada, the New England cottontail rabbit. The list goes on and on, and those are all the species either taken off the list or prevented from getting on the endangered species list because of the proactive actions of farmers and ranchers and forest landowners, and in large part assisted through the programs and authorities this Committee provides in NRCS.    Beyond ESA is the Clean Air Act in California. So under the Clean Air Act, in the San Joaquin Valley, one of the most heavily regulated air sheds in the world, agriculture is a regulated sector, and they were under a requirement to reduce the amount of nitrous oxide emissions, NO<INF>X</INF> emissions, and so they had to reduce emissions by 10 tons per day by the year 2017. Well, agriculture, through the help of the programs again this Committee provides our agency met that goal 3 years ahead of schedule.    And so through the EQIP program that this Committee has afforded us, we have invested over $120 million with voluntary actions in the San Joaquin Valley. And through the upgrading of diesel engines and retiring old tractors and off-road vehicles from operations, this Committee in the investment through EQIP has removed the equivalent of one million cars off the roads of California's highways every years, in effect reducing 7 tons of NO<INF>X</INF> emissions per day, meeting the requirements 3 years ahead of schedule.    So there are lots of examples around the country. Water quality in Arkansas, again is another example. Through EQIP assistance and conservation planning by targeting action working voluntarily with poultry producers in northwestern Arkansas, we have helped de-list two stream segments on the St. Francis River because of nutrient impairments, and those waters are now back to a fishable, swimmable condition because of the voluntary actions of farmers and ranchers.    The Chairman. That is great information. Ms. Wagner, I try not to ask a question I don't already know the answer to. We have Forest Service lands and we have National Parks which have a great deal of forests on them. Can you walk us through how those two are managed. Are they managed the same? And if they are not, do you guys talk to each other; your best practices, do they share those? I mean, how do you guys co-exist among the trees?    Mr. Weller. Some feedback. There are a couple things happening. As you know, 20 years ago, 30 years ago, we had a much more robust watershed operations program. We had a lot more capacity. In our states we had engineering teams, whether it is Minnesota or throughout the country, where they really were experts at designing, building, constructing. In the end, ultimate zeroing out of the program, a lot of that capacity now is no longer--within each state, so now a lot of the capacity we have is a National Water Management Center.    So while we still have in some states some residual capacity, particularly focused on a rehabilitation program this Committee has funded and we have had some success with over the last few years. With respect to the project in Red River and partnering with the authority, what I have been told there is that in Minnesota, there were 14 separate agreements or projects that are ongoing. And in North Dakota there are about six that are overall working as a system with the whole authority's plan to address the funding concerns.    So out of those, what I have been told is that 13 out of the 14 agreements, these are with the cooperative agreements that actually start the work, are now with the partners for signature and review. Five of the six in North Dakota again are with the relevant partners for their signature and review. We hope within the next 30 to 60 days they will all be signed and be able to roll at that point. In the end it just comes back to where I started with that is the capacity.    And so the authority and the partners there really should be commended with having everything ready to roll, and there is a lot of positive energy and they want to get a lot done. As to what you are sensing is a little bit on our end it is a bandwidth issue, and that is why we are having to bring in people from the national level and the National Water Management Center, as well as from national headquarters here, our national engineering team, to help support the folks in Minnesota and North Dakota to make sure we don't have choke points where we don't get in the way of the partners who want to proceed.    Mr. Weller. We will have all the agreements signed, sewn up.    Mr. Weller. So at the national level, we do not prescribe a mandate to use native, and we don't prescribe the cocktails of the seeding mixtures. That is something we really allow our states because they are the closest to our customers and the closest to what is needed.    Mr. Weller. That is something we need to follow up with Minnesota on. There have been some recent discussions on this, and I have asked our National Plant Material Center folks and our ecologists who are working on this, and what they have advised me on is that while natives are sometimes preferable, there is not a mandate to use natives. And a lot of times non-natives, to your point, alfalfa and clover, sunflowers, other species, are less costly, provide very good forage habitat, and are more appropriate.    That is where then we really want to provide the flexibility for the local conservation planner to work with the producer to really figure out what is the right cost and performance they want.    Mr. Weller. So we have enhancements, yes, under Conservation Stewardship Program. But if they are specific enhancements focused on whether it is for--there are different types of pollinator habitat. So for honey bee habitat, yes, alfalfa and clovers are a very good varietal you want to plant but there are other pollinators that you are concerned about that are native then they are going to be adapted to and prefer native plantings, so it really depends upon what is the species that you are trying to provide the best habitat for.    Mr. Weller. Yes, we did as an agency, NRCS provided to the Fish and Wildlife Service information on the extent and the scale of the conservation investments that we had made in partnership with the producers. So my understanding is the Fish and Wildlife Service did take into consideration the NRCS contributions to the protection of the habitat.    Mr. Weller. So what we are trying to then roll up across the multi-state region that is important for the prairie chicken, much like we are doing with the sage-grouse, talk about the acreage, the locations of the acreage, the type of practices we have in place. But what is also in the partnership with Fish and Wildlife Service, what we did is we also then tried to identify what are the best practices to actually help the prairie chicken but then also work in a working lands landscape.    So we identified 40 different practices that we felt were the best for whether you are a farmer or rancher that would also then benefit prairie chickens. Because we have done that pre-consultative with Fish and Wildlife Service, then we would come back and say we had several hundred producers using the preapproved practices that you agreed benefit the chickens. Here is then the benefits that roll up in terms of improved forage for the chickens, improved habitat. So we did some work ahead of the listing, but then when they were proceeding with their analysis, we provided them the data in terms of participation, acreage, and investments.    Mr. Weller. It has been, I completely commend the ranchers and the farmers in Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, and Colorado that contributed to this effort. They really have stepped forward and been very proactive. I can't speak to why in the end Fish and Wildlife Service made the decision. They make the analysis they have, the trends they are looking at, and in the end it is a trust species that they are responsible for protecting; and that is not something NRCS was privy to or I can't necessarily speak to what ultimately led to that decision.    Mr. Weller. Absolutely, yes.    Mr. Weller. Well one of the things, sir, I would just want to highlight is I agree with you, and that is a big concern. And so a lot of confusion, if not fear, around ESA, and so what we try to do with the lesser prairie chicken but also with sage-grouse and five other species around the country, is this concept of regulatory certainty, predictability; and what we are doing with the chickens is if you are a rancher and you want help, you come in and visit with your local NRCS. We will come out to your ranch, and we will provide you a conservation plan, which will look at the specific threat to the chickens. And as long as you are managing your ranch using that conservation plan, you don't even have to go into a contract with us. You can do it on your own. You don't need to work with the government any more.    As long as you are managing your ranch according to that plan, what Fish and Wildlife Service has then said is that you get at least 30 years of certainty that you are not going to be asked to do anything more for the chicken basically because you have been recognized for your excellent stewardship.    So we are trying to reward folks, to your point, who are willing to voluntarily take proactive actions benefit the ranch, but also in this case benefit at-risk species, they should get something in return, and that is to be able to sleep at night not worrying about ESA.    Mr. Weller. So first let me start with workload, and I will get to your question about the Clean Water Rule, Waters of the U.S. rule. In terms of workload, we have a lot. I am really proud of how much NRCS has stepped forward with the 2014 Farm Bill. In a matter of literally weeks after it was enacted into law we were ready to roll. We had EQIP stood up and running. We had CSP stood up and running. We did a nationwide sign-up. We got another 10 million acres enrolled. We launched the new RCPP in a matter of months. And that is on top of fewer people. So because of sequestration cuts, today there are 1,500 fewer professional NRCS employees than there were just 4 years ago. So we have a lot of workload.    In regards to your question on the Clean Water Rule, at the end this is an EPA/Army Corps of Engineers rule. What we offer our customers when they want to work with us is advice. The Clean Water Rule will not impact our work. What we do is conservation compliance, but more importantly we do conservation planning and implementation of farm bill conservation programs.    And the Clean Water Rule does not impact any of those authorities. So in instances where a producer is taking out a fence row, cutting some trees, making alterations on their operation, and our field folks think, well, maybe this is something you may need a field permit for, we would then recommend they go talk to the relevant Corps office. That is not something we would necessarily advise them on how to do it, how to fill out the permit, whether they are under jurisdiction or not.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Let me interrupt for a second. But you would agree that a lot of the reasons for the programs that we have through your agency is so that there would be a way to reduce the need for more regulations. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Weller. It is a complex environment. Regulations, yes. It is a complex environment, particularly not just in Georgia, a lot of different states. And so where our folks are trying to help our customers navigate that, yes, it is challenging.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I don't have any further questions. I would just say it seems to me we have one agency telling another agency what they can and can't do, and then a tremendous amount of fear out there with the American citizens that, quite honestly, most of us want to take care of the environment, but I can tell you if I found something that I thought might be an endangered species on my property, I sure wouldn't call the Federal Government and let them know about it. With that, I yield the remainder of my time.    The Chairman Probably not a bad idea before you get yourself in trouble confessing to something you didn't want to confess to. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Crawford, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Weller. So with RCPP, I am a little bit surprised by your comments, sir, in that it really affords maximum control to those partners.    Mr. Weller. Then that is a real concern, and I need to follow up with the Arkansas State Conservationist, because the whole purpose of the program is to put the partners in at least a co-equal lead with NRCS, if not in the lead, to devise the project, to design what needs to happen, and then to really deliver the assistance as needed.    There are different pots. There are different funding pools. There is a national pool. There are what are called critical conservation areas, and then there is the state pool. And applicants from within Arkansas itself can focus on projects just specific to certain communities, counties in Arkansas; or it could be a multi-state project that would include Arkansas and perhaps Louisiana and Mississippi or go up river, up in Missouri.    So it depends on what the purpose of the original project was. It is a very competitive program. But in the end if there is a concern from local folks that there is less local control than there was previously, that is something I need to follow up with Arkansas on.    Mr. Weller. Yes, sir.    Mr. Weller. It is an unfortunate view. In my experience, in my opinion, our role has not changed at all, and we need to do a better job of communicating what our role is.    Mr. Weller. We do not, no.    Mr. Weller. So to your point, sir, we hold the information that a producer gives us voluntarily as sacrosanct. And this Committee gives us privacy provisions that are even more strenuous than other agencies. A lot of other agencies wish they had privacy protections that USDA has with our customers. We don't share that with anyone.    Mr. Weller. Unequivocally, we do not report our customers to EPA. In fact, yesterday, in the Chesapeake Bay region, we were highlighted by the newspaper because three states in the Chesapeake Bay region, their departments of environmental quality are calling us out for not cooperating, for giving them farmers' information.    Mr. Weller. So we do not share information on farmers with regulatory agencies.    Mr. Weller. I am going to defer to my Under Secretary, who is an expert in trees. But what I know, it is not hardwood. That is the first I have heard that, sir. I could look into what is going on.    Mr. Weller. So the first round, as I said a little bit earlier to your previous question, we are moving, for us, at a pretty quick pace. And as a result, we didn't leave a lot of time for partners to put proposals together. I think we caught people flatfooted. They didn't expect us to move as fast as we did. And then we only gave them 45 days to throw together a proposal, and then they didn't have a lot of time.    So that was the first thing we learned is that we needed to give everyone, starting with ourselves, but more importantly the partners, more time to put together comprehensive projects, to call different partners to the table, and really design something they really want to invest in. And that then also gives them more time to leverage.    So what we are seeing with the second round, what we invited back out of 265 applications this next time, we invited back 164 projects, at least one in every state. Most states had several. And what we saw is a higher level of quality in terms of what people were proposing, because they had more time. They had more experience. They had a feel for how the program works, and, in some cases, how it doesn't.    And so people were even more careful in devising really what they want to do. So if you are worried about fish passage in the Northwest, if you are worried about soil quality, if you are worried about irrigation efficiency, if you are worried about endangered species habitat, they really were careful about designing projects that would really bring a solution for their community, for their area. And then what was very impressive is they had a lot of matching contributions.    So in this next round, while out of the 164 we invited back, the total what their request is from the Federal Government from NRCS is about $540 million. They are actually bringing to the table a total potential contribution of $780 million, so well over a one-to-one match, which is really impressive, which just shows there is a real pent-up demand out there for this type of assistance.    And when you, as an agency, step back and you invite people to the table to design their own project, to really take the lead, it is impressive what people bring forward.    Mr. Weller. Absolutely. In every state, we have what are called a state technical committee where they meet once a month and they invite in farm organizations, the public state agencies, conservation groups, and they really talk about what are the priorities in a given state. So what are their concerns, whether it is drought, whether it is disease, pests, soil erosion. It is a forum for the agricultural industry to really talk directly to NRCS to say what their priorities are, where they need help, and they meet regularly.    I personally get out and meet with farm groups. I travel a lot. Wherever I go, I always want to meet with local producers but also state associations. We have a national leadership team. They are constantly engaging with regional groups, state associations, corn grower association, cattlemen associations--you name it. We really want to stay very connected to our customers.    Mr. Weller. We will find out about soft wood becoming hardwood, sir.    Mr. Weller. We have made a lot of investments in accelerating in trying to reduce the backlog. Nationally, off the top of my head, I do not know. I know where there has been a lot of focus is a little bit north of this area, up in the Prairie Pothole Region, where there has been a lot of focus of this Committee and a lot of Members. The current backlog there is around 4,000. That sounds like a lot and it is. It is not acceptable. But where we were, 3 years ago, is the high as 12,000.    But what also folks have to understand is we have, since that time, not only made a lot of progress, but we have also processed tens of thousands of requests. So over that time period has well been over 60,000 wetland determinations we have made in that time, just in the Prairie Pothole Region, plus reduced the backlog from 12,000 down to 4,000.    So it is sort of like being on a treadmill that is set at sprint pace and still standing on the treadmill, if not getting closer to the controls to hopefully hit the stop button. So we are making progress, and we are on the track to get rid of the backlog within the next 2 years.    Mr. Weller. So nationally, NRCS has either co-invested with other land trusts and state agencies or on its own through the wetland programs about 4 million acres of conservation easements. Most of those are permanent, or is the maximum allowed under state law. Those are still taxed but they are just at a reduced rate. So it is no longer taxed at the development potential. So if it was converted from an ag use to non-ag use, you understand probably better than I do. It is less of a PILT issue in terms of just not having any taxes at all come off those lands.    Mr. Weller. I have to be careful how I answer that question. It depends on, if it is for participating in a USDA program, we are the agency that determines whether it is a wetland or not, yes. For purposes of the Clean Water Act, no, we are not the agency that determines whether that is a wetland.    Mr. Weller. I can't speak to their jurisdiction. I really have to defer to EPA and their definition of their jurisdiction.    Mr. Weller. I have heard a lot from producers of concerns about the jurisdiction and the potential expansion of that. And I know EPA and the Corps are trying to put together information. They have done a lot of outreach with the producers, with the farming community and ranching community to help provide education, provide more information about what is or is not covered by this proposed or now the final rule.    But in terms of whether jurisdiction has expanded or not, I really--I have to defer to EPA on that.    Mr. Weller. I know EPA's goal was to try and clarify jurisdiction. I have heard from producers across the country a lot of concerns and questions about what is or is not covered.    Mr. Weller. With respect to agriculture, I do not expect there to be a significant increase in the amount of permitting required. All the protections for farming that have been in place previously are still in place. All the protections for conservation, particularly uplands, conservation practices are still in place and are exempted.    So by and large, there is not a significant expansion of need to do permitting. But at the end of the day, we are not the permitting agency. That is going to have to be the Corps or EPA to determine what is or is not.    With regard to home building or general construction or other expansion of infrastructure, again, I am not an expert in that arena. I can't speak to that.    Mr. Weller. EPA has tried to define what is a ditch, first of all, and what is covered. I think from EPA's standpoint, they don't have the capacity, interest, or they do not want to have to go out and regulate mud puddles or ditches. They know that is beyond their capacity, and that is not really the issues they are trying to address with the Clean Water rule.    They try, to the best of their ability, and I guess from your line of questioning, it seems like they have a little bit of ways to go--but they try to the best of their ability to really make it as clear as possible what is covered and what is not. But, again, I have to defer to EPA as to how well of a job they did on that. And the feedback that you are receiving apparently and that I have heard also from the agricultural community, they have some work yet to do.    Mr. Weller. We do advocate for agriculture at U.S. Department of Agriculture, and we have provided technical assistance to EPA and to the Corps when they were designing the rule. Some aspects of that assistance they took; some they did not. But throughout the rulemaking process, we did, as a Department, NRCS, the Secretary's Office, other offices and agencies within USDA, did engage with and try to provide technical advice to EPA and the Corps as they designed the rule.    And then throughout that, we really tried to bring a commonsense approach in, here is what production agriculture looks like, here is the facts on the ground, and here are the implications of what--in terms of different decisions they are considering, here are the implications for agriculture. So we really did, as a Department, try to advocate for and speak for agriculture.    Mr. Weller. I guess it remains to be seen at the end how well it is implemented and what its true impacts are. I have to take EPA, from their comments, that they really do view this as not impacting agriculture significantly, but that, I guess, remains to be seen.    Mr. Weller. Absolutely, sir. We are provided this program and these resources to help communities. They are locally-led projects, and we are there, but for the invitation to help those communities. So we want this project, in particular, to be successful. And we do appreciate your help in helping to be that intermediary to help us understand, but also to help work with the local project sponsors as well, and we are committed to seeing this be successful.    Mr. Weller. And the standards are really important. Sometimes they may sound bureaucratic, but at the end, they are actually for people's protection; that if we are putting in structural implements, if they fail, that could be a risk to people's property or their lives. They have to be designed and something that we can stand behind.