    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank the subcommittee for holding this hearing today.    BLM's draft Planning 2.0 rule, if finalized, will have major impacts on states with BLM land. In my state, BLM manages approximately 12 million acres of land which will be significantly impacted by this rule. Because the impact on Idaho will be so significant, I am very concerned that this draft rule marginalizes the role that state and local governments will play in the BLM planning process, and ignores BLM statutory obligation to coordinate with state and local governments, and to provide for meaningful public involvement of state and local government officials.    I would like to ask unanimous consent first that a letter that Governor Otter sent to the members of Idaho's congressional delegation, as well as the state's comments to BLM be included in the record.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you.    Mr. Ogsbury, thank you for being here today. As I mentioned, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act requires that the BLM coordinate the land use inventory planning and management activities with state and local governments, and provide for meaningful public involvement of state and local government officials. That is what the law says.    Do Western Governors believe that BLM's current planning regulations comply with these requirements?    Mr. Labrador. In what ways?    Mr. Labrador. I think you are making an important point. I think most of us have pretty good relationships with our local officials. It is when it comes here to DC that things seem to shift most of the time.    Under this proposal, do you think Nevada counties have a seat at the table when BLM engages in the planning?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you.    Ms. Clarke, thank you for being here today. Will this proposal strengthen the relationships that states and local governments have spent years developing with local BLM officials?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you very much. I yield back my time.    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Clarke, just to follow up on the questions I was asking you--do you think that the shift to multi-state landscape management benefit the actual landscapes?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you. Do you think there is any statutory authority for this change?    Mr. Labrador. OK. Mr. Lyons, you state that the proposed rule is intended to ``improve opportunities for state and local government, stakeholders, and the public to better provide input to plans from the outset.'' Based on the comments from the witnesses here today, and the comments submitted to BLM by the state of Idaho, it appears that the proposal fails to meet that goal.    Based on the fact that state and local elected officials from all over the country are commenting on the rule and expressing concerns that their ability to participate in the planning process with BLM will be reduced, does BLM still contend that the draft rule satisfies the requirements of     Mr. Labrador. You are smarter than all the governors and all the county commissioners. You just need to convince them of your brightness.    Mr. Labrador. Is that what you are telling us?    Mr. Labrador. You have the Western Governors' Association, all the western governors, telling you that it does not comply with FLPMA. Their concern about their inability to be able to participate in the process--that you are actually taking their ability away that FLPMA clearly provides. It is not like we are making it here out of whole cloth. We are not just inventing it from the dais. We are actually reading the statute that says that they have to have significant impact and significant input.    Mr. Labrador. No, it is not helpful. The state of Idaho has requested that BLM discard the proposed rule and that a new proposal be drafted with the BLM appropriately engaging the states. Has BLM received similar requests from other states?    Mr. Labrador. And have they specifically made that request to just start the process over?    Mr. Labrador. Do you know, Mr. Ogsbury, if other states have made the same request?    Mr. Labrador. But Washington knows better, right?    Mr. Lyons, does BLM plan to comply with these requests, or is the agency committed to finalize the draft rule?    Mr. Labrador. Mr. Lyons, is BLM using these proposed regulations in the development of the management plan for Oregon National Monument?    Mr. Labrador. OK. So, your testimony today is that you are going to take these comments back, but you are going to do nothing with it, because you are going to continue with the proposed rule; correct?    Mr. Labrador. I want to be clear. Are you willing to start all over with this rule?    Mr. Labrador. And what are you going to do with those comments?    Mr. Labrador. So, you are going to attempt to educate us on the wisdom of Washington, DC, because you are not going to do anything to change the proposed rule. I am asking a serious question. Are you going to do anything to change the proposed rule?    Mr. Labrador. All right. Thank you very much.