    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to our panel of witnesses for their testimony. This has been a very interesting discussion that has obviously gone beyond the scope of what is suggested by the title.    And I just wanted to make a big picture comment to start about some of the language. There was an analogy about union membership being analogized to kidnapping and extortion. And I think that kind of message is not very productive in a discussion about the benefits of union membership. And as some might say, not benefits. But let's have a discussion that doesn't inflame people.    And interesting that I am following on the member from Michigan. I actually was born and raised near Detroit. So my grandfather worked for Ford Motor Company before 1941, before the UAW came to Ford Motor Company. And just looking at the differences in his workplace over time from before the UAW was there in terms of safe working conditions.    And when we talk about union members, you know, we shouldn't make these stereotypes with the inflammatory language. We are talking about teachers and firefighters and people who take care of sick patients. You know, there is a really broad range of people in unions. So let's make sure that we are having a factual discussion.    So I represent a district in Oregon. We were the first state to officially recognize Labor Day back in 1887, and firmly believe that the workers in Oregon as well as across the country should be able to collectively bargain for fair wages, reasonable hours, safe workplace, health care, other hallmarks of a democratic society.    And unions continue to do things like build the infrastructure, help our economy grow, strengthen the innovation of America's workforce has long been the key to our success as a nation. And looking back over history, we cannot understate the role of the labor movement in helping to create and maintain a thriving middle class.    So in Oregon, I know we have had some discussions about the disparity in wages between union members and people who aren't in a union. But for example, the University of Oregon Labor Education Research Center identified the median hourly wage for a certified nursing assistant in an Oregon nursing facility. And there was a difference--$12.15 but in a unionized facility it was $14.29. With insurance and retirement benefits included, a little more than $15 an hour.    So when you talk about those differences in wages--and obviously, as we saw in--over history, when people have more discretionary income, they spend more so--in the marketplace.    So I wanted to ask you, Dr. Gould, your testimony states that wages in right-to-work states are lower than in states without right-to-work. And there is obviously a difference in states across the country. We have a very diverse country. So can you explain whether and how this remains true, if there are--differences in tax policy, demographics, education, other types of industry.    And I know my state of Oregon is not a right-to-work state. And we have businesses that love doing business there. It is a place to live. There are a lot of other factors that go into that consideration. So can you talk about that, whether there is data to show, considering those variations to the whole.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And I am gonna try to get one quick question in.    Dr. Bruno, your testimony says that the right-to-work states lead to a reduced state tax collection. In part because of the Earned Income Tax Credit and increases in use of programs like SNAP. So what studies have been done to quantify these costs to government from right-to-work laws?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, Dr. Bruno.    My time is expired. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.