    Mr. Bowman, go ahead and proceed whenever you are ready for 5 minutes.    Mr. Bowman. Great. Thank you for having me, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member. I am really pleased to be here. I wasn't sure at 6 o'clock when it was 14 and blowing snow sideways in Michigan that I was going to make it, but we did get here.    I want to give you a slightly different view on conservation and innovation at The Nature Conservancy. While we have agricultural projects all around the country and of other countries, I am going to focus on our work in Michigan.    One of the challenges that we face is that conservation isn't cheap. It has to be paid for, we make our living based upon the fact that members and donors believe that we are making a difference, and this is why they write us a check and give us that money. And so we ask ourselves all the time the question, how much conservation is enough, and how effectively are we actually getting conservation done? And as a result of that, we have made a lot of investment in recent years in tools, and rather than showing slides, I actually have up on the screen live one of the tools that we developed that we used in a project in a watershed in Michigan we did jointly with Coca Cola. They actually provided us some private funding for this, and they were interested in buying water offsets for the water that they were using to make product, and we said well, you can do it by paying farmers through agricultural conservation. They said no, you don't understand. We don't want to buy conservation practices, we want to buy gallons of water. And so what this tool actually allowed the technician to do out in the field is to sit down with the producer in their living room, just like this, and zoom into their farm and zoom into a field, and fairly quickly go in and select a producer's field. They went, did this, and then when they selected the field, the tool brings up a pull down menu. This predates Google Earth, so this is actually based on our GIS and the NRCS's soils maps and topography maps, and it tells you the size of the field and the relative parcels, and then you just go in and tell how you are currently farming the field. We will say conventional row crop agriculture, and the producer is considering switching to no-till, and when you tell it to calculate in about \1/2\ a second how much the increase or decrease in groundwater recharge will be as a result of that practice on that field. And this project was paying farmers $1.60 per thousand gallons, or something like that.    And so as Mr. Price mentioned, conservation ultimately is a business decision for the producer, and they decided whether or not they were willing to make that change, based upon that payment. And that actually allowed us to get the fields where we had either the most impact, because the payment was the highest, or fields where well we didn't get as much impact. We didn't pay very much for them, and in my written testimony near the end, I talked about what I think the next opportunities for conservation are. And if there is any weakness to the way we practice conservation right now, it is the fact that we pay for practices in hopes of an outcome, instead of paying for outcomes regardless of the practice. And in order to pay for outcomes, as Chief Weller so eloquently talked about, we have to develop the scientific knowledge to quantify those outcomes. Mr. Benishek, we refer to them as those response curves. If you take two aspirin to make your headache go away, don't 20 aspirin make it go away faster? Well, maybe not. Maybe there actually is an appropriate level of conservation to apply to a site. And then also really thinking about how we specifically deploy tools.    The last thing I would say is in order to really magnify our conservation impact, we have another tool that I am not showing you today, because it is a little more complicated, but we have put it into the hands of about 120 certified crop advisors in the Saginaw Valley of Michigan, and they are now talking about conservation as part of the farmers' entire management program. That is an RCPP project where we then make a referral to NRCS for the technical and financial assistance for those growers who are interested in those conservation practices.    And with that, I would be happy to answer any of your questions when we get to that portion.    Mr. Rodelius. Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, thank you very much for this opportunity to speak with you today. I am here representing the Agricultural Drainage Management Coalition. I spent the last 30 years in the drainage industry traveling the Midwest. Today, I would like to give you a brief overview of water table management, and tell you about some exciting innovations.    So what is water table management, or subsurface tile drainage? There is a flash drive in your testimony I sent that has a video of how this really works.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    * Editor's note: the video can be seen at: https://www.dropbox.com/s/yay97i8ampancx7/Ag%20Water%20Management%20101%20.mp4?dl=0.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    There are three important components to a system. Commonly, plastic pipes called tile are installed beneath the surface of agricultural fields to collect water. These tile lines are usually buried 3 to 4 deep and spaced about 40 to 80 apart. These lines are laterals that then run into main that conveys the water to the outlet. The outlet is where the main empties the water out of the field, usually into a ditch.    So why install tile? Why is this practice so widely used? Here are a few of the benefits.    The number one reason is increased yield. Farmers get a 15 to 25 percent increase in production. Tile reduces soil erosion and keeps the topsoil on the land. It stores water in the soil profile, and can reduce flooding. Farmers can plant earlier in the spring and harvest on time in the fall, and by managing their water, farmers are able to better utilize the potential of their seed and other inputs. It is far more economical to increase production through tile than to farm more acres.    The NRCS has long held that subsurface drainage is the best management practice. In the 1940s through the 1970s, the USDA had a vigorous cost-share program to encourage farmers to install subsurface drainage. It is estimated that during that time period, more than 50 million acres were artificially drained. These systems are still very effective in managing the water table, and increasing crop production.    The 1985 Federal Farm Bill introduced conservation compliance. A new swampbuster provision was adopted. Any producer in the farm program could no longer drain a wetland. Landowners have continued to install tile, but now for the purpose of managing water and crop production. Any current drainage work requires permits and is highly regulated by several agencies. Tile drainage is often viewed as the culprit for nitrogen and phosphorus in our water. You need look no further than the Des Moines Waterworks lawsuit. But most of these nutrients would move into our water bodies, even if there was no tile.    Currently, there are about 300 million acres of cropland in the U.S. About 100 million of those acres have some type of artificial drainage. But are there new and better ideas we should consider for drainage systems?    The ADMC was started in 2003 to find solutions and practices that improve and maintain agronomic production while producing environmental benefits. Today, we have developed new technology and innovations that allow us to install smart drainage. With these new systems, we can harvest and treat water before it exits the system. A variety of drainage water management practices can dramatically improve the environmental outcomes. These practices help to reduce the risk of farmers losing their crop, improve wildlife habitat, reduce the risk of flooding, and minimize the loss of nutrients. The following practices are smart drainage solutions. All of these innovations allow us to capture and treat water and remove significant amounts of nutrients. They are controlled drainage, saturated buffers, woodchip bioreactors, and sub-irrigation systems. We can also retrofit these practices on many acres of existing tile systems.    The NRCS and the ADMC have a great working relationship. In 2011, a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between the ADMC and the NRCS. This memorandum calls for the ADMC to train and certify technical service providers to help with the implementation of smart drainage technology for water management practices. Many of these practices are eligible for NRCS cost-share money.    In conclusion, the challenge we face is to feed nine billion people while maintaining water quality and economic viability on the farm. We need to implement these innovative conservation practices using smart systems of drainage water management. These practices are proven and cost-effective in enhancing water quality on working lands.    Thank you.    Mr. Rodelius. There is actually very little tile being put in right now that is controlled drainage, that they are actually holding water back in the soil profile. I think we estimated it at about 20,000 acres. It is really quite a process to get it approved and to get it into practice.    Mr. Rodelius. The problem is there aren't enough technical service providers. There aren't enough people to assist farmers in the process.    Mr. Rodelius. Most of the time it is not happening. I would agree with that.    Mr. Rodelius. It is a lack of understanding of the process. Going out and telling the story, what needs to be done and showing the benefits is something that we really have to get more involved in.    Mr. Rodelius. It is an encouragement to the farmers and producers are really not very quick to buy into a cost-share on a lot of those things. The biggest thing that we could do is get people to do a cap on 30 year conservation activity plan so they could look at their farm and see what practices might be available, what might work on their farm. It gives them an overview of what could be done, and there is pretty good cost-share money for that.    Mr. Rodelius. I think that area is really well situated for that practice. The flatter it is, the better controlled drainage will work.    Mr. Rodelius. Absolutely. They have been surface draining for so long, they understand how water moves.    Mr. Rodelius. Absolutely. We can dramatically reduce nitrogen and phosphorus in the outflow.    Mr. Rodelius. There is an interim standard for saturated buffers.    Mr. Rodelius. There is no cost-share, yes, but the practice is being quickly adopted.    Mr. Rodelius. The Agricultural Drainage Management Coalition has held several workshops and onsite events to show that this practice does work and how minimally invasive it is to a farm practice. To put a controlled structure out on a buffer strip and then to put some tile lines out, the minimum 300 up to about 1,000, we can denitrify and dig phosphorus out of a lot of water.    Mr. Rodelius. If we have that buffer initiative in Minnesota and it would be criminal not to put this practice on those buffers. It is really important that we consider that, that initiative that we can put buffers and saturate the buffer. It is a great wildlife land. There are a lot of wins on that end.    Mr. Rodelius. Well, it seems like everybody likes bad news, and people, not all the time, but most of the time when you see those type of publications, they show a big white cap slew and they say we have to stop wetland drainage. You haven't been able to drain a wetland for multiple years, but if it sells memberships and if I had a week to live I would want to spend a few days of it duck hunting.    Mr. Rodelius. Thank you.    Mr. Bowman. Sure. We have a calculator very similar to the one that I just showed you that actually estimates the amount of sediment and nutrient that enters the nearest surface water body, and that is actually important because some hills run down towards a river or a stream or a ditch, and other hills run down to a low spot in a field. We are only interested in the places where it actually runs into water. And in using that tool, we can calculate from applying field-based practices what the estimated reduction in tonnage is. We actually use the NRCS' universal soil loss equation to so that calculation, and then with money that we have from a couple private donors--actually the Method Corporation that makes salt products and Green Mountain Coffee have both given us grants for this work. We put a price on that sediment, and I am sorry, I can't tell you what that price per ton is right now, but we say to the producer if you are willing to make those changes, here is how much we will pay for you to make those changes. It is a pretty simple program.    The Chairman. Simple, but effective. Sometimes less is more.    Mr. Bowman. Sometimes less is more.    The Chairman. Yes, thank you.    Mr. Rodelius, thank you for your testimony, in your written testimony and your oral statement, you have laid out a really strong case of what we are doing today in terms of agricultural drainage is different from the days in the past. The benefits of that, you have laid out nicely in terms of preventing erosion and retaining water within the soil profile, what is it, the ten to fifteen percent increase yield in terms of crops.    You referenced the implementation of swampbuster and its impact on drainage management, and because of this policy, drainage is often used as a bad word. Can you talk more about the conservation benefits of proper drainage management? And also, you discussed a consequence. What are the consequences of the land when excess water is not properly managed?    Mr. Rodelius. In the Midwest, we have the luxury of excess water. A lot of our soils are saturated. Much of the time when we want to go in and plant, what the tile system does is really kind of heal the land. If we have high water tables, we have a lot of salinity that we have that we can move out of the water, out of the soil by tiling. By putting control structures in we can hold water back in the soil profile and denitrify. One of the most important things about holding back some water and being able to utilize some water is that when that crop needs water badly, we don't need that soil drained that far, so if we can hold some water and make it available when the corn is silking or when the pods are filling on the beans, it is an incredible bump in production and it doesn't take any more inputs, it doesn't take any more chemicals, it doesn't take anything more to do that, so the upside of drainage, I have been doing this for over 30 years and I have yet to meet anyone who is sorry they tiled. It is such a wonderful and cost effective method of managing.    The Chairman. It doesn't take any more acreage to get that increased yield for our farmers as well.    Mr. Rodelius. Correct.    And it is like an annuity. It is year after year after year.    The Chairman. Thank you. I will yield back and recognize the Ranking Member. Any additional questions?    Mr. Bowman. I have one for you that will be really hard, and it is hard because you are in the public spotlight. Our trustees, on a regular basis, will ask us what we tried that didn't work, and my brother still farms. He tried growing 20 acres last year. It was a complete disaster, the worst thing he ever did, but he tried it. And producers try things, the private-sector tries things, the not-for-profit sector tries things, and it would be a really interesting set of testimony, albeit a risky set of testimony, to ask the agencies to come in and say so what did you try in the last year that didn't work, and what did you learn from it? That is the only way we change these programs is by trying things and recognizing that some of them aren't going to work. I'm still not sure our RCPP proposal is going to work. We are going to get some good stuff done, but whether or not we get to the outcomes we want to get to, I don't know. It is an experiment. It is a new way to deliver conservation, and figuring out how to try some of that stuff.    I managed a nonprofit that was rehabilitating housing in an urban area with HUD grants, and every month I had to submit a monthly report and every month, that report came back from the person whose job it was to review that, because something was wrong on it. And frankly, I spent more time filling out reports than I did rehabbing houses, and was grumbling about it to one of my older mentors, and he said what you have to understand is that that individual will never get in trouble because you didn't get any houses done, but they will get in trouble if they get a bad GAO report. And that is the culture that you are fighting, that you have to figure out how to change, how to enable that risk taking.    The Chairman. Understood. Thank you very much.    Mr. Rodelius, any input?    Mr. Rodelius. I would just like to remind all of us that we live in the midst of a very productive bunch of soil. We have some of the best soil in the world. Only 11 percent of the soil in the world is arable, and of that, very little of it is highly productive, and we have to manage the tension of farming that land to its maximum and healing that land at the same time. I would really encourage the NRCS to keep helping people help the land, and let's find ways to work together toward that end.    The Chairman. Okay, thank you very much.    I yield to the gentlelady for any closing remarks.