    Chairman Weber. The Subcommittee on Energy will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing entitled ``Innovation in Solar Fuels, Electricity Storage, and Advanced Materials.'' I recognize myself for an opening statement.    Good morning. Today, we will hear from a panel of experts on the status of America's basic research portfolio, which provides the foundation for development of solar fuels, electricity storage, and quantum computing systems. Hearings like today help remind us of the Science Committee's core focus: the basic research that provides the foundation of technology through breakthroughs.    We're going to discuss the science behind potentially groundbreaking technology today. But before America ever sees the deployment of a commercial solar fuel system or we move to quantum computing, a lot of discovery science must be accomplished. For the solar fuel process, also known as artificial photosynthesis, new materials and catalysts will need to be developed through research. If this research yields the right materials, scientists could create a system that could consolidate solar power and energy storage into one cohesive process. This would potentially remove the intermittency of solar energy and make it a reliable power source for chemical fuels production. That is a game-changer.    In the field of electricity storage research, there is a lot of excitement--or as I like to say there's electricity in the air--about more efficient batteries that could operate for longer durations under decreased charge times. But not enough people are asking just how could we design a battery system that moves more electrons at the atomic level, a key aspect to--excuse me--drastically increasing the efficiency or power of a battery. This transformational approach, known as multivalent ion intercalation, will use foundational study of electrochemistry to build a better battery from the ground up.    And then finally, there is quantum computing, which relies on a thorough understanding of quantum mechanics, a challenging concept that is a longer discussion for a different hearing. For today, I hope we can discuss how a quantum computing system could change the way computers operate. In order to achieve this kind of revolutionary improvement in computing, we're going to need foundational knowledge in the materials needed to build those systems also known as quantum materials.    I look forward to hearing from Dr. Broholm--have I got that right, Doctor----    Chairman Weber. --in his research--your research in that field.    Today, we hear a lot of enthusiasm for solar power, batteries, and high-performance computing technology, yet few innovators are talking about how these technologies could be transformed at the fundamental level. In Congress, we have to take the long-term view and be patient, making smart investments in research that can lead to the next big discovery.    When it comes to providing strong support for basic research, this Science Committee won't get any major accolades or headlines today. But someday, someday, when the next disruptive technology changes our economy for the better, I firmly believe that discovery science will play that central role.    DOE must prioritize basic research over grants for technology that is ready for commercial deployment. When the government steps in to push today's technology in the energy market, it's actually competing against private investors and it uses limited resources to do so. But when the government supports basic research and development, everyone has the opportunity to access the fundamental knowledge that can lead to the development of future energy technologies.    I want to thank our accomplished panel of witnesses for testifying today, and I look forward to a productive discussion about the DOE basic energy research portfolio.    Chairman Weber. I now recognize the Ranking Member.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman.    Now, the Ranking Member is recognized for a five minute opening statement.    Chairman Weber. And I thank the gentleman. Again, I thank you for letting the Ranking--I mean, for our full Committee Chair go first.    Let me introduce our witnesses today. Our first witness today is Dr. Nathan Lewis, Professor at the California Institute of Technology. Dr. Lewis is an inorganic materials chemist who is a globally recognized authority in artificial photosynthesis. Perhaps he's the one that needs to make the space in the night. Dr. Lewis received his Ph.D. in chemistry from MIT.    Our second witness today is Dr. Daniel Scherson, Professor at Case Western Reserve University. Dr. Scherson received his Ph.D. in chemistry from the University of California Davis.    Our next witness today is Dr. Collin Broholm. Am I saying that correctly, Doctor?    Chairman Weber. Yes. A Professor at Johns Hopkins University, Dr. Broholm received his Ph.D. from the University of Copenhagen.    And I will now yield to the Ranking Member to introduce our final witness.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Grayson.    I now recognize Dr. Lewis for five minutes to present his testimony. Dr. Lewis?    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Lewis.    Dr. Scherson, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Dr. Scherson, is your mike on? And put your mike----    Chairman Weber. There you go, right in front of you.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Scherson.    Dr. Broholm, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Broholm.    Dr. Hallinan, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Hallinan.    I now recognize myself for five minutes, although that's not enough time for questions.    Dr. Lewis, you mentioned in your testimony that multidisciplinary teams of researchers can serve as a useful mechanism to advance to artificial photosynthesis research. Do you think that that model is the preferred approach to this science compared to individual investigator labs? And then I'm going to have you weigh in on it also, too--well, I'll come back to you. Go ahead, Dr. Lewis.    Chairman Weber. How often do they talk to one another and in what format? And I think you may have answer part of that question, videoconferencing. How often does that take place?    Chairman Weber. Dr. Scherson, I have the same question for you regarding how to achieve those potential breakthroughs in electrochemistry.    Chairman Weber. I just want to know if you can explain that to my wife so she can keep her cell phone battery charged more often. If you could put that in layman's language for her, that'd be helpful.    So let me follow up then for you both. So we've been scrutinizing the entire DOE research and development portfolio in this Congress, and I've never heard of EERE supporting any R&D in these areas. What are the research challenges to enable artificial photosynthesis in multivalent systems to transition into that technology that is ready for the private sector to commercialize? And could DOE's EERE applied research programs support that work, Dr. Lewis?    Chairman Weber. Dr. Scherson?    Chairman Weber. Thank you. I'm out of time. I'm now going to recognize the Ranking Member here with us, Dr. Mark Veasey.    Chairman Weber. Well, not only did you get a promotion to doctor, I got a promotion to speaker.    Chairman Weber. So the Chair now recognizes Mr. Brooks of Alabama.    Chairman Weber. Yes.    Mr. Chair--Chairman, thank you for the additional time.    Chairman Weber. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member.    Chairman Weber. I'm going to follow up on that, Dr. Lewis, if I can. That's a fascinating conversation. You said plants need to be black instead of green. Somebody earlier said they pick up the red rays and the blue rays and this is Democrat and Republican. It's bipartisan, you know.    And so in following up with your discussion with my good friend Mr. Grayson, you're talking about algae that had a--a plant should be black and then you said that you needed a wire to like move the electrons in some of those plants? Are you seeing articles about this particular process in this very prestigious journal known as the Energy and Environmental Science? I happen to know the editor. Right.    Chairman Weber. Okay.    Chairman Weber. Something that moves the----    Chairman Weber. Right.    Chairman Weber. Right. And the landings are brutal.    Chairman Weber. Yes. All right. Thank you. I'm going to--I yield to the gentleman from California, Mr. Knight.    Chairman Weber. Thank you for yielding back.    The gentleman from--is it Illinois--Mr. Lipinski is going to be recognized for five minutes as soon as he's ready.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Lipinski.    The Chair now recognizes Mark Takano from California.    Chairman Weber. Yes.    Chairman Weber. You're welcome. Doctor--the Chair recognizes himself for five minutes for a couple more questions.    Dr. Broholm, could you give us a general sense of how far we are from being able to--I know I'm asking you to predict the future now. How far are we from being able to really develop useful quantum computing systems and explain the materials challenges?    Chairman Weber. I think you just said you don't know.    Chairman Weber. Okay. Thank you, Doctor. And I want to follow up with that. What role can the DOE research program in BES and even in the ASCR program within the Office of Science play in advancing this research?    Chairman Weber. Thank you. In your exchange with Congressman Takano, you mentioned looking for a superconductor fabric of 100 million----    Chairman Weber. MilliK.    Chairman Weber. Is that because it's so low temp, number one; and number two, when it releases that energy, doesn't it generate heat?    Chairman Weber. Well, then when you charge it, it doesn't produce heat, zero resistance.    Chairman Weber. Okay. And one last question and then I'm going to yield to my good friend from Florida. Dr. Lewis, are you seeing discussions--I think in your earlier comments you said most of the comments were coming from Japan, China in your publication, about half of them. I didn't hear you mention Russia in there. Russia is noticeably absent. But are you seeing these kinds of discussions in your publication?    Chairman Weber. Not Russia specifically but the quantum part that Dr. Broholm is discussing.    Chairman Weber. Right.    Chairman Weber. Absolutely.    Chairman Weber. So, Dr. Broholm, do you know of publications that are discussing the superconductivity that you're discussing in a quantum fashion? Are there--is that discussion being held worldwide?    Chairman Weber. Okay. And then, Dr. Hallinan, and lastly for you since I come from the district that has a lot of what we call petrotech chemical industry, petroleum and other chemical industries, when you're talking about polymers of course you're talking about something that kind of gets my attention. Are you also hearing that discussion on a worldwide basis?    Chairman Weber. Yes.    Chairman Weber. Okay. Who would you--what country is our runner-up if you will, is doing the most--you're hearing the most from?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Thank you. And I yield to my good friend from Florida.    Chairman Weber. Well, I thank the witnesses for their valuable testimony and the Members for their questions. The record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from the Members.    This hearing is adjourned.