    Ms. Chu. Thank you Congressman Deutch for yielding. I want to thank Miriam Yeung for testifying today, and her leadership on issues affecting the Asian American and Pacific Islander or AAPI community.    As chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific Caucus, and as an Asian American woman, I am extremely disappointed and deeply disturbed to see that PRENDA is once again before this Subcommittee. And I will continue to voice my strong opposition to the racist and sexist nature of this bill. I request that my full written statement be entered into the record.    Ms. Chu. And I also request that three documents be entered into the record. The first is a letter from leading reproductive justice organizations in the U.S., which represents the very women of color this bill claims to protect, unequivocally condemning this legislation.    The second is a letter from the AAPI reproductive justice community, and expresses deep concerns about the dangerous stereotypes that the bill perpetuates about the AAPI community, which could lead to the racial profiling of AAPI women.    Finally, the third is a letter from Aruna Papp, whose testimony is included in the text of PRENDA, and who states that her research has been fundamentally misrepresented and misconstrued, and that PRENDA would only further harm women who are victims of domestic violence. Thank you. And I yield back.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The material submitted by Ms. Chu is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Subcommittee and can also be accessed at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=104783    Ms. Chu. Thank you so much, Congressman Deutch, for yielding. I am just astounded that this bill would force a doctor to make a decision about whether a woman is using sex selection or race selection. And, if he makes the wrong choice, or she, that doctor would end up potentially serving up to 5 years in prison. Not only that, that they would have to show their suspicion that such a thing could happen. Even if they suspect such a thing, they have to report that to the authorities.    So, Ms. Yeung, what kind of effect do you think this legislation will have on a woman's relationship with her doctor, particularly if she is a woman of color, and how do you think this will affect the healthcare outcomes for women?    Ms. Chu. Now, do you think that there could be some son preference in some segments of the Asian American community? And is there a more effective way to address these issues wherever they remain? And I know that in South Korea there was some different kinds of approaches to this that show that the answer might possibly not be PRENDA.    Ms. Chu. And do you think passing legislation that erodes a woman's Constitutional right to choose is the most effective means of ensuring that women are able to freely and independently make the important and deeply personal decision about when to start a family?    Ms. Chu. And given the disparities in access to quality health care that exists in communities of color and low income communities, what steps can Congress do to improve women's access to health care? How can Congress support women, particularly in low income communities who make decisions regarding their health and family planning under economic stress?    Ms. Chu. Thank you. I yield back.