    Mr. Burgess. The Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade will now come to order.    I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    And I do want to welcome all of our witnesses here today and welcome everyone to another installment of our Disrupter Series hearings. Today, we will examine wearable technologies and how they are disrupting traditional business processes and transforming ways that consumers can engage in commerce.    Last year, we held a hearing to examine the Internet of Things, a network of Internet-connected physical objects that gather information in realtime to predict circumstances, prevent problems, and create opportunities. That market has now matured, and wearable technologies have come to represent a growing segment within that digital ecosystem of interconnected devices and their applications and platforms.    The defining characteristic of wearables is that they offer consumers and businesses access to realtime, highly personalized information through products and devices that are physically worn by the user. Many of us are familiar with fitness tracking bands on the market today. They gather information about an individual's physical activity, or lack thereof, and are intended to motivate users to improve their fitness, wellness, and health regimens.    While inspiring better fitness habits is a positive use of wearable technology, the societal and economic benefits of these products extends far beyond those applications. We are just beginning to see the potential of wearable technology across multiple economic sectors and industries, such as energy, health care, transportation, retail, professional sports, manufacturing, education, and others.    In manufacturing, for example, wearables can provide businesses with greater insight into the daily operations of their production practices, their workflows, their supply chain processes.    In sports, coaches and athletic trainers can use wearables to better assess player recovery time and inform return-to-play considerations to reduce the risk of further injury. I just think back to my own brief high school sports career. The coach would know if I was dogging it realtime. He wouldn't have to accuse me; he would have the data.    In the automotive sector, wearable technology can sense early signs of driver fatigue, prompting the wearable device or vehicle to send alerts or another type of warning to the driver.    And in the retail industry, retailers can use wearable technology to customize product offerings and better meet consumer preferences and demand.    The appeal of this technology is pervasive because of what it can offer in terms of operational efficiencies, public safety, improved performance, and cost savings for every business type and size. The potential for wearable technology is virtually limitless.    Much of the excitement surrounding wearables is rooted in the promise to create new opportunities for economic growth, economic development, and job creation. Wearables create economic opportunities by providing insights into an individual's behavior and driving changes to that behavior to improve job performance and job execution. This can lead to increased productivity and efficiency, helping a business reduce waste and optimize resources.    The technology also facilitates smarter decisionmaking, increased information-sharing, and augmented interactions amongst workers. The productivity gains achieved through these operational advances are fundamental to a stronger and more prosperous economy.    As with all connected technologies, there are important privacy and security considerations that should be part of today's discussions. Unlike other connected things within the Internet of Things, such as connected thermostats, streetlights, and refrigerators, wearables are physically worn by users and capable of extracting highly personalized information about an individual's activities or whereabouts.    In our examination of these issues, it will be important to understand how consumers are using these technologies and how they will be protected while preserving the flexibility and the ingenuity of the innovators that are driving this market forward.    Once again, I want to thank our witnesses for taking the time to inform us about the applications and future potential.    I recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. I recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair would inquire of the gentlelady from Illinois if she wishes to make an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    This concludes member opening statements. And the Chair would remind members that, pursuant to committee rules, all members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    We do again want to thank our witnesses for being here, for taking their time to testify before the subcommittee.    Today's witnesses will have the opportunity to give opening statements, followed by a round of questions from members. Our witness panel for today's hearing will include Mr. Thomas Bianculli, Vice President for Enterprise Technologies at Zebra Technologies--you guys got out of order--Meg Burich, Director of Commercial Development and Marketing for Adidas Digital Sports; Suresh--help me pronounce your last name.    Mr. Burgess. Suresh, welcome to the hearing.    Mr. Burgess. The Director of Sales and Business Development for NXP; Mr. Scott Peppet, Professor of Law at the University of Colorado School of Law; and Mr. Doug Webster, Vice President for Service Provider Marketing at Cisco.    We do appreciate you all being here with us today.    We are in the middle of a vote on the floor, but, Mr. Bianculli, I think we have time if you would like to give your opening statement. Then we will take a brief recess and come back and resume.    You are recognized for 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Because of the vote, we are going to go into recess.    Look, I want you all to know what you are up against with this congressional panel. Look at his notes, all stuck together and handwritten. You are down there with all of these fantastic technological devices, and we are kind of in the Stone Age.    But thank you for your forbearance. We are going to go vote. We will reassemble as soon as the last vote is over.    Mr. Burgess. I thank everyone for their forbearance. The subcommittee will resume.    We will resume with the testimony of Ms. Meg Burich from Adidas Digital Sports.    Mr. Burgess. If I could just ask you if your microphone is on?    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady, and the Chair now recognizes Mr.--try again, Palliparambil.    Mr. Burgess. Five minutes.    Mr. Burgess. Plus the 1 minute it took me to pronounce your name.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. Mr. Peppet, Professor Peppet, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. Mr. Webster is recognized for 5 minutes for your testimony, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. Thanks to all of our witnesses for your testimony. We will move into the question-and-answer portion of the hearing.    I would begin the questioning this morning by recognizing Mrs. Brooks from Indiana for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The Chair would note that there are votes on. Mr. Harper, I will recognize you for 5 minutes for questions, but I do want to point out to you the Chair has not taken his time for questions yet, so govern yourself accordingly.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the chairman. We have been joined by Mr. Bilirakis of Florida. Mr. Bilirakis, I will recognize you for questions. You know we have votes on. The Chair has generously allowed members to go before the chairman's time, so do bear in mind both you and I have to ask questions.    Mr. Burgess. I will recognize you for 5 minutes and hope that you don't----    Mr. Burgess. I hope that you don't use all of it.    Mr. Burgess. No, no. I want you to go ahead.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    I will now recognize myself for questions.    And I do, again, want to thank you. This has been a fascinating hearing. Again, we do have a vote on, but let me see what I can get through.    Mr. Peppet, you brought up something that actually I am very interested in.    And, Mr. Webster, obviously, some of the work you do in the healthcare space. The Affordable Care Act has brought us insurance with deductibles unlike anything anyone has ever seen.    But I guess what I am interested in is your comments, Mr. Peppet, on the monetization of the wearable or the monetization of the data and the ability to, perhaps, forgive a portion of the deductible to get the patient's buy-in to the continuation of the monitoring. So unlike Ms. Burich's population, people won't drop out of the monitoring, they will continue because they are getting something positive.    Could either of you speak to that?    Mr. Burgess. To actually monetize the participation in the use of a wearable.    Mr. Burgess. But you are experiencing it as a consumer in your insurance policy. Is that correct?    Mr. Burgess. Mr. Webster, just in general, is there a way to quantify the benefit from the use of some of these wearables in the healthcare space?    Mr. Burgess. Thank you.    Mr. Bianculli and Ms. Burich, you both have stuff that you brought with you. Would you spend just a minute and tell us what you have brought?    Let's start you, Mr. Bianculli.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you. And thanks for bringing the peripherals today.    Ms. Burich, can you do the same with your----    Mr. Burgess. There you go.    Mr. Burgess. Wait, wait, wait. You can put that through the laundry?    Mr. Burgess. Oh, without that. OK.    Mr. Burgess. Just in case anyone was wondering, we do have a vote on. And I have a voting card that I will go put in. I have actually laundered it twice and it seems to still work. So maybe you can work on that same kind of technology.    Mr. Burgess. Very good. Well, thank you. Thank you for that.    I will tell you this was a fascinating hearing. And I apologize that we have had votes that have kind of disrupted things. This is a disrupter series, after all. But there is a lot that has been shared today.    One of the things that we hear a lot about is on the issue of encryption. We are hearing questions about privacy and security of data. Encryption seems to be one of those ways. But there also seems to be some problems with encryption.    So I am actually going to ask each of you to respond, I realize we are really out of time and I have to go vote, but I would like a response to or at least your thoughts on that. As we develop our policies going forward, how do you balance this privacy question? Is encryption the way to go?    And then, as we know, we have got the FBI concerned about the makers' ability to encrypt and whether or not that is a good thing from a law enforcement standpoint.    So that is one of the questions that actually may end up before this very subcommittee when it comes down to a legislative product.    But I can't thank you all enough for being here. Wait a minute, I have got to do this. Seeing that there are no further members wishing to ask questions or for any other purpose, I would like to thank all of our witnesses for being here.    Before we conclude, I would like to submit the following documents for the record by unanimous consent: a letter from the Competitive Carriers Association, a letter from the Mercatus Center at George Mason University. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. And pursuant to committee rules, I remind members they have 10 business days to submit additional questions for the record, and I ask the witnesses to submit their responses within 10 business days upon receipt of the questions.     So without objection, and thanking everyone once again, the subcommittee is adjourned.