    Mr. Connolly. Thank you.    Ms. Bresch, I was listening to your earlier testimony, your formal testimony, and I was just struck with what humanitarians you people of Mylan really are. And if you listen to your testimony, you'd never know what the uproar is about. Do you understand the nature of the uproar?    Mr. Connolly. You will forgive me. I only have 5 minutes, so I have to manage my time like you have to manage yours. I don't mean to cut you off, but I want to get to some questions.    Okay. So let me get this straight in terms of the chronology and sequencing. You took over the previous manufacturer in 2007, Mylan did. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. And beginning in that time--the price of EpiPen had been fairly stable up to that point. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Yes. So, since 2007, you've raised the price 15 times, if I understood it correctly. About that?    Mr. Connolly. Yeah. So what happened between 2007 and 2016 different than the previous manufacturer and producer? Did production costs skyrocket for you?    Mr. Connolly. Well, how much?    Mr. Connolly. 100 percent. And what was the comparable cost on the price of EpiPen in that 100-percent cost increase?    Mr. Connolly. Right. And I'm saying, what did it--you went from what to what in 8 years in what you charged, maximum price? I took your point that not everyone pays that. I understand. We have a medical system where we have all kinds of different layers of pricing.    But, nonetheless, the cost to consumers, at least as pegged at an official cost, what was the comparable increase? While you're absorbing in 8 years 100 percent you say, 100 percent cost to you to produce, what was the comparable cost, in theory, to consumers, maximum cost increase in that time period that you charged by raising costs 15 times, a price?    Mr. Connolly. Well, I was asking for a percentage increase. Let's do apples and apples. If you're going to contend that production costs went up 100 percent, all right, what is the comparable price increase for consumers during that time period? Your own testimony, you've acknowledged you raised the price 15 times.    Mr. Connolly. 300 percent. So presumably, that's profit.    Mr. Connolly. The delta.    Mr. Connolly. Well, I got to tell you, unlike some of my colleagues, I don't care what your profit is. I mean, America is built on profits. Profits are an incentive. What I care about is what you charge consumers who have no choice. If I understand it, you've got a stranglehold on the market. You control 94 percent of this market. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. All right, I'll withdraw the word ``control,'' Ms. Bresch, if it offends you. You have 94 percent of the market share.    Mr. Connolly. Yeah. I'd call that a stranglehold. I'd call that a lot of control. You don't want to call it control, don't. But consumers are experiencing it a little differently. And so, because you have such a stranglehold on the market, you could do what you want in terms of pricing, and you have.    Mr. Connolly. Your competitors don't even equal 6 percent of the market, Ms. Bresch. I mean, that doesn't even pass the giggle test, what you're asserting. You virtually have a monopoly and you've used it to your advantage, but, unfortunately, it's at the expense of people who need it.    This is a lifesaving drug in some cases. People who risk anaphylactic shock don't have a choice; they have to use it. And I'm wondering what your sense of social responsibility is to those people. I mean, how do you balance--I'm looking--I could go through for you statements you've made and the company has made in the annual report to investors, and it sure is a different set of statements than what we've heard here today.    I didn't hear the humanism. I didn't hear the philanthropic call. I heard statements about favorable pricing. I heard statements about how EpiPen continues to post strong results and has delivered double-digit growth to date. That's because of your pricing.    Mr. Connolly. During the call to investors, one question asked to you was, what are the prospects for future price increases for EpiPens? This is an investor meeting. And your answer is, and I quote: ``You should foresee that just continuing as we continue to maximize the EpiPen franchise.'' What did that mean if it wasn't reassuring investors that we were going to maximize every opportunity to maximize our profit? And, again, I don't think profitis a bad thing, but I do think it's a bad thing when somebody exploits it at the expense of consumers who live on its price or don't.    Mr. Connolly. Well, again, Ms. Bresch, I think my time is running out. But there's sort of this Dr. Jekyll-Mr. Hyde, maybe in this case Dr. Jekyll-Mrs. Hyde, quality to your testimony. There's one message for us here in the public and quite another for investors.    I yield back.