    Mr. Allen. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate your time this morning.    Administrator Dolcini, the USDA--and I am talking about the actively engaged rule as far as you are currently in the final rulemaking phase to implement the farm bill language that modified the actively engaged provisions. I know that the Department has received extensive feedback as far as the comments and concerns from major commodity organizations regarding the impacts of the proposed changes.    The farm bill provisions are pretty clear regarding concerns in how this proposed rule could impact farms that are largely made up of family members but we may have relatives involved not covered by the family member provision or others that serve a management function on the farm. In these circumstances, it is my understanding from the USDA proposal that all the members of the farm would then be subject to the new definition of actively engaged, even the family members of the farm, and I hope the final rule clarifies this issue.    Can you tell me when the Department expects to release the final rule and for what crop year it will be affected?    Mr. Allen. All right. Thank you.    Administrator Willis, as far as the STAX program, I would like to commend the Department for their implementation of this, and would like to congratulate you on the implementation of the STAX income protection plan. This is a tremendously important insurance product for the cotton farmers, and I appreciate the time and effort the Risk Management Agency put into this timely implementation of this new insurance product.    It is my understanding that RMA has received several suggestions of ways to improve STAX ahead of the 2016 crop contract change dates. Some of these changes, including allowing STAX purchase levels by practice, timing of any indemnity payments triggered by STAX in areas where data is available earlier, and offering STAX everywhere cotton is growing, including written agreement counties.    It is my understanding that the cotton industry and RMA have had a very productive working relationship during the implementation of STAX, and I encourage this relationship to continue. Do you have a timeline for when these changes, if enacted, could be announced and implemented?    Mr. Allen. All right, sir.    As far as the overall cotton situation with regard to trade and that sort of thing, what are we doing with regard to the worldwide situation on cotton as far as the market price? Any ideas about what you are working on there?    Mr. Allen. Well, I appreciate your work on that because we are losing acres, and we need to keep this product going. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Rouzer, 5 minutes    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And just real quickly, the RCCP program I have constituents that, with the new farm program, there is an opt-out provision in the new farm program. And I have been trying to get an answer from USDA on this thing for some time, and the last thing we heard from them was that they can't opt out because the loblolly pine is now considered a hardwood. How did the loblolly pine get to be a hardwood?    Mr. Allen. Okay. Good. Well, maybe we could have a discussion about that because you all are in the forestry business. And I don't know how that happened, but anyway, that was the letter that they received from the USDA is they could not opt out because the loblolly is now considered a hardwood. And so, well, that is good. I am glad that you all know that that is the case. That is wonderful news.    Also, real quickly, you had announced the final projects for consideration for the Regional Conservative Partnership Program, RCPP, second signup. What lessons have you learned from the first signup, and what types of partners are participating in these projects? Are the goals of the program being met? And what changes do you think Congress needs to make with regards to this program?    Mr. Allen. And to follow up on that, because we have heard comments about there seems to be some disconnect out there. Of course, we go out in our districts, we have town hall meetings. Do you have listening sessions throughout the country with different farm agencies as far as what our farmers are having to deal with out there versus what you are demanding that they do?    Mr. Allen. Well, as a son of a farmer, our farmers want to protect the land, the forest. That is how they make their living. And so we can work on that collaboration and do a much better job. Thank you.    I yield back.    Mr. Allen. Good. I am glad I got you recorded on that.    The Chairman. I think there would be a lot of people interested in how you convert loblolly pine to hardwood.    Mr. Abraham, 5 minutes.    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for being with us today.    In looking through the opening comments, I was interested, obviously, in the 80 percent return on the invested dollars as far as the--and also you mentioned to ensure farm profitability. As you probably know, the farmers are going to be going through a difficult time this year relative to commodity prices, and corn is down. I mean, everything is down.    I would appreciate whatever you would have to say as far as what research we need to do to figure out this problem.    Mr. Allen. Well, I mean, we are growing lettuce in Burke county, in Georgia, south Georgia, so I know a little bit about diverse--we are getting more diverse in our farming in our districts.    And our yield per acre, we are extremely productive but it seems like the marketplace or the commodity price or the investment side is not cooperating from the standpoint we have this incredible ability to produce this great cotton, this great corn, and everything else, but then again, from the world standpoint, when we go out and price this in the market, we are getting killed.    You have public-private businesses working together and you collaborate, you get a lot of information and that sort of thing, the bottom line is it is great to produce, but then you have to get something for what you are producing. Have you all done any research on that, as far as how we are much more productive than the world in our agriculture, but for whatever reason, that has got to relate to the bottom line?    Mr. Allen. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Rouzer, 5 minutes.    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, panel, for joining us today and all that you do. Also, I want to thank you for, as my colleague mentioned, the Second Harvest of Georgia. We have met with them many times and are looking forward to seeing the great work that they do, and thank you for that.    There is one thing. In the 12th District of Georgia, we just need better cell service. I am telling you, it is tough traveling to that district when you keep breaking off calls, and, of course, we stay on the phone a good bit. So if we can keep working on that. I know you are.    And, also, as Congressman Yoho mentioned, we have a lot of EMCs in our district, and they have put a lot of money into many of these coal plants meeting the current requirements as set by the Congress. And, of course, we know the EPA has stepped over that. But they have a tremendous investment there. They are very concerned about, again, retiring that debt and getting the life out of those plants. So we need to be sure that the other folks know that, and know what a critical situation that is. They are very concerned about that.    As far as the, Mr. McBride, in 2013, USDA finalized the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Loan program that was designed to help co-ops promote energy efficiency and renewable energy to their consumers. This saves energy while also saving consumers money on their energy bills. Do you have a success story that you would like to share with this program and how can we make this program more successful?    Mr. Allen. That is good. And, again, thank you for your assistance with that program.    As you know, in 2008 and 2014, the farm bill has included ways that RUS could help their co-ops increase energy efficiency for the benefit of their consumers. How is RUS helping co-ops increase energy efficiency and what more can RUS do to promote these efficiency programs and make them successful?    Mr. Allen. Have you ever been to one of their annual meetings?    Mr. Allen. Really? That does your heart good, doesn't it? I will tell you what, those folks are doing a great job for us.    Well, thank you, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Trent Kelly, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the panel for your testimony here this morning. And just thinking about the process, dealing with everything that you have to deal with, I know our state commissions, their budget is about a little north of $51 million, and particularly dealing with the avian flu and some other things, and realizing that we are all stretched budget-wise, has there been any attempt at overall collaboration? I know the states are sensitive to Federal intrusion, and I understand that as far as, particularly from a regulatory process. But it looks like when we have a situation, say in Iowa, in Minnesota, it looks like it ought to be kind of all hands on deck across the country, because eventually we are going to all possibly be affected by that.    And I hear from our farmers' and our producers often about the regulatory environment and kind of what the, okay, yes, and we appreciate your help very much, but there always seems to be a price to pay for that.    Have you all thought about some overall, and I will ask both the Under Secretaries, any overall collaboration across the country when we have these events, whether it be foot-and-mouth disease or avian flu or whatever and say all hands on deck; we need to deal with this problem?    Mr. Allen. Right. Certainly it is a big country. We have tremendous resources. Obviously, the poultry industry is the largest industry. I mean, Georgia is number one in that industry. We have tremendous. We have a poultry research center there at the University of Georgia. And I would think across this nation, including USDA, we would have the resources available to deal with these matters, even when you are, as you say, stretched. I certainly think that collaboration in all instances is very important. I would also like a quick update on the, Administrator Shea, on the various aspects of the high-path avian influenza.    The Chairman. Mr. Allen.    Mr. Allen. Timed out?    The Chairman. Yes. We will do a second round if you need to. Mr. Thompson, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you panel, and just to elaborate on my fellow Georgian, Congressman Scott's question, to make sure I understood this correctly, on the E&T training, getting these people into the workforce, because everywhere I go in my district, and I know we are blessed in our district, but there are a lot of jobs available. Of course, they require skills. As I understand it, you said the states can ramp up this program on their own?    Mr. Allen. We have the same thing. The state administrators have been made aware of the fact that they can ramp this thing up.    Mr. Allen. Good. Great. Ms. Tagtow, I guess this is for the benefit of my wife, but she is a nutrition animal or whatever; but she really knows a lot about it. She would love to advise folks on what they buy in a grocery store. I think she would volunteer her time to do that, to be honest with you, because she is so adamant about what you eat is what you are. And she sees a lot of abuse from the SNAP program as far as that is concerned. Folks don't know exactly what to buy, and she just thinks that with some advice, that they could not only get the necessary food they need, but they could eat very nutritiously which would then cut down on thing like Type 2 diabetes and things like that which is an epidemic in Georgia. Any comments on that?    Mr. Allen. How would you relate that into average calories per day?    Mr. Allen. I am out of time, so one of my colleagues may be able to address that question as well. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields. Mr. Kelly, for 4 minutes.