    Ms. Hammond. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and the distinguished members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today.    In my testimony, I would like to highlight several concerns that undermine the discussion draft's important goal of a unified energy policy. These concerns relate specifically to Sections 3102, 3104, and 3106. In short, those provisions fail to properly account for the reliability, fuel diversity, and environmental implications of energy policy, and they also fail to adequately permit the energy agencies to undertake their work in a participatory, deliberative, and well-reasoned manner.    Let me start with the Interagency Taskforce. Despite that the lines between energy and the environment no longer truly exist--excuse me, the composition of the taskforce has significant gaps that will hinder rather than help the development of a comprehensive energy policy. Most critical is the absence of agencies with environmental expertise. But other key agencies like those whose missions relate to jobs, to the economy, and to transportation, are also omitted from the taskforce. As demonstrated by the QER, which we heard about this morning, all of these agencies can successfully work together toward unified energy policies, and administrative law will show that when agencies collaborate in this way, they are more successful, and that they tend to have broader stakeholder support, and they have reduced vulnerability to judicial challenges.    For the same reasons, the criteria for the Interagency Taskforce as planned should include environmental issues, and especially climate change. Failing to do so will only deepen the current dysfunctions in our energy regulatory system and in the energy markets.    Second, the authorization for cross-border infrastructure projects does not make clear how DOE would implement its authority differently from how it currently does under the presidential permit framework. Currently procedures do account for environmental issues, and those should be retained. I note as well that the provisions striking portions of the Federal Power Act, and in particular Section 202(f), threaten to undermine important backstop authority that the Federal Power Act retains for FERC that allow it to ensure grid reliability for intrastate projects that cross international boundaries. I urge the subcommittee to carefully reexamine the striking provisions of this section.    Finally, the 30-day deadline for DOE action on LNG applications is of concern. Even if DOE is able to act quickly in some circumstances, it needs more flexibility, given the very complex issues at stake. Imposing a rigid deadline actually threatens more delay. First, deadline suits, which are contemplated by the discussion draft, tend to impose additional delays even if those suits are successful. And second, with stakes so high and such engaged stakeholders, judicial challenges are inevitable. All right, we can easily predict lawsuits no matter DOE's decision, and if DOE is rushed in making its determination, the record is less likely to be carefully developed, the agency's reasoning may not be clear, and once again, it is likely to be more vulnerable to judicial remand and imposition of even further delays.    To summarize, the relationship between energy and the environment must be considered as the United States seeks a uniform energy policy. Careful attention to administrative procedure and its role in promoting good government must also accompany any new energy statutes. If we move forward with U.S. energy policy with these principles in mind, we can make substantial improvements for the future.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to your questions.