    Chief Turner. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Donovan, and Ranking Member Payne. I appear before you today as the chief of police of Atlanta, the largest metropolitan region in the South. It is also my privilege to serve on the board of directors for Major City Chiefs as the second vice president. I represent every major urban area in our Nation, the communities that would suffer most from further reduction in Federal assistance for law enforcement.    I speak today as one police chief on behalf of my colleagues from the 68 largest police departments in our country. I also received a letter of support from 17 organizations that represent local elected officials, emergency managers, port and transit operators, sheriffs, and major fire associations that have strong concerns about several severe cuts to 4 key homeland security grant programs. We ask the committee to consider the responsibility that each of you share with the chiefs of police protecting the American public from harm.    As we reflect on the events of Paris and San Bernardino, here at home, it is evident that preparedness for a terrorist attack is the highest priority than ever before. There is a certain irony to the proposed cuts. They come in the wake of terrorist attacks not just in cities abroad, but on our own shores, in Chattanooga, San Bernardino, and Philadelphia, for an example.    The proposed budget of DHS would reduce from $41.1 billion to $40.6 billion, a reduction of more than $500 million. But the 2 grant programs which assist States and local agencies would be cut by $537 million, more than the entire amount of the reduction of the Department of Homeland Security.    As a police chief, I have assigned personnel to Federal task forces and our regional fusion center. Every day we are asked to assist one of our Federal agencies or another. But funding from Washington does not even take up a small portion of the amount of money that Atlanta and the city police department provides. The same is true in every other major city in America. We are really subsidizing the Federal Government, because what we receive from Washington does not begin to pay the bill.    The world's busiest airport, Hartsfield-Jackson Airport, is protected by Atlanta personnel and a team effort from DHS that includes the model K-9 program we conduct with TSA. The Urban Area Security Initiative program funds purchases of specific equipment, including a robot that is equipped to board aircrafts. The Federal investment pays off each day in communities across the country during incidents both large and small. For example, much of the training and equipment used to respond to the May 2015 Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia were paid for with grants provided by FEMA.    Chairman Donovan and Ranking Member Payne, chiefs of police are grateful for all you do, and we look to you for leadership. To accept the proposed cuts would forfeit so much of what we have already invested in since the inception of DHS, and leave local agencies like mine on the fence to fend for themselves, with Federal agencies continuing to grow.    As a police chief, we have our common bonds with you. It is the safety of the public we are sworn to protect and serve. To this end, we implore that you restore balance to the partnership with DHS by protecting the funds which sustain the work of the subcommittee.    It is my pleasure to testify today. I look forward to any questions that you might have. I do want to talk about the fact that we need to continue to sustain the efforts that we have already pushed forward thus far in this partnership. Thank you.    Chief Turner. Just really quick, sir, I would just echo both Chief Kerr and also Mr. Butterworth's comments. But I would just say this: We have to continue to build on our partnerships. If we are in a partnership, we have to provide the funding that is necessary for us to sustain what we are doing in the local areas. Then to take that further, as we continue to move into a different space, that technology continues to change, we have to be able to expand our network of intelligence, and we have to do that with funding at the local level.    Chief Turner. Yes. I will just add that our problem is the attrition that we face. How do we train our individuals to get to the level that we need them to be? Without these funds, we fall short of that. We are doing everything we can to partner with our local and State partners and Federal partners. But the challenge with maintaining that becomes difficult without funds.    Chief Turner. I would just simply say this, that through Major City Chiefs, I do not believe that we have been approached and briefed. Then second, as it relates to the CVE, I think that one thing that we have done, we have to continue to celebrate our diversity, as we do in Atlanta. But the question is is how we work more aggressively with those communities. We do that through community policing initiatives. We will need additional funds to be able to expand the programs that we put in place.    Atlanta is the third-most visited city in America, most diverse city in the South. It is clear for us that we have got to do more than less, and being able to communicate with all the various different communities.    Chief Turner. Thank you. I would just really add 2 things. The funding from Homeland Security allowed us to do something very unique in the city of Atlanta, and that is to begin the stand-up of a video integration center that allows us to bring cameras into one centralized location. Since that initial funding, we have expanded that network of cameras above 6,000 cameras that come into one centralized location. It gives us the kind of situational awareness that we need to make strong decisions as we partner with GEMA and all of our Federal and local agencies to deal with challenging issues.    As you know, we host the largest 10K road race in the world. The Peachtree Road Race is a challenge for us in that we entertain more than 60,000 runners and more than 300,000 spectators. How do you deal with that without the kind of situational awareness that we need from programs that are provided by the homeland security grants that we previously received?    Chief Turner. I would just really echo what he just said and then just add this: That both our fusion center in the State of Georgia as well as our Joint Terrorism Task Force, we have to work continually together. They have 2 separate missions, but at the same time they work very closely together. The Atlanta Police Department has members in both of those centers. Quite frankly, if we did not have those 2, then we would be trying to do what our largest city in America does regularly, and that is do it on their own. The New York City Police Department has a tremendous amount of resources that they provide to the homeland.    Cities like Atlanta, with more than 2,500 employees, cannot do this work alone. We have to rely on the joint centers, as well as the Joint Terrorism Task Force and the fusion centers, so that we can work collectively to be able to resolve the challenges that face each and every one of us.    Chief Turner. I would just simply add that one of our biggest challenges in interoperability is not just--in large cities we do fairly well. The investment has been made, and we have systems that are in place that we can communicate. However, the challenges are those small agencies, even university police.    Just recently, we had a conversation with some of our Atlanta university-centered police departments that really do not have the network to be able to communicate in a crisis. So we have to expand the program to be able to bring all of those smaller agencies into the network.    Chief Turner. If I could just make one last point. In my 34 years of policing, when I first came on the police department, we had a radio that had 6 channels. Our problem is there are so many channels and talk groups on our radios. If we don't have these funds, we don't have the ability to continue to train the individuals that are coming into this business. Funding for training is absolutely essential for us to be able to be effective as we move to try to mitigate challenges that come our way. Thank you.