    Mr. Wallace. Good morning, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee.    I am Will Wallace, a policy analyst for Consumers Union, the advocacy arm of Consumer Reports. We are an independent, non-profit organization that works with consumers and for consumers for a fair, just, and safe marketplace, and to empower consumers to protect themselves. Consumers Union and Consumer Reports have fought for decades to make cars safer and hold companies accountable for the products they sell. We have pushed for effective rules and laws and for safety features such as seatbelts, air bags, and electronic stability control.    Our auto test center works every day to evaluate safety technologies. And we communicate with millions of consumers to help them make informed choices and stay safe. We appreciate the opportunity to testify.    Today's hearing is timely, given the news lately about auto safety and corporate wrongdoing. The Federal settlement with General Motors over ignition switches linked to at least 174 deaths was very disappointing because it didn't nearly go far enough to hold auto companies accountable for hiding the truth. Right on its heels came the news that Volkswagen had cheated on emissions control testing for some 11 million diesel vehicles and covered it up. These news items are sending shock waves through the industry, our government, and the public. The resulting erosion of confidence can't be overstated. And lawmakers need to take action to address this corporate accountability crisis.    The discussion draft and bill before you today attempt to address pieces of the problem. One, the Improving Recall Tracking Act aims to tackle low recall completion rates, while the other, the Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act, seeks to root out concealed defects. While we are pleased that the subcommittee is pursuing these worthy goals, Consumers Union believes that the two proposals fall far short both in terms of meeting their objectives and in terms of improving the flawed system that is supposed to ensure safety defects are identified and repaired before people get hurt.    The GM fiasco, along with crises involving defects in Toyota, Takata, and Chrysler products among others, made clear that auto companies must do far more to ensure their vehicles are safe. And NHTSA must do far more to hold auto companies accountable. Yet, the drafts before the subcommittee today are strikingly limited in their ambition.    The Improving Recall Tracking Act could possibly help companies reach owners of older vehicles in case of a recall if it were fully funded. But the bill doesn't authorize that funding, despite requiring NHTSA and the States to carry out a substantial amount of new work. NHTSA, in particular, needs to be able to hire more staff to protect the public the way we all expect, not have them stretched more than they already are.    Similarly, the Whistleblower Act could incentivize auto industry employees to give NHTSA information about concealed defects. Just imagine how much suffering could have been prevented if a GM engineer had reported the flawed ignition switch to NHTSA in 2006 or 2007. However, we are concerned the bill may not be as effective as it could be, primarily because of the lack of an established minimum award that at least covers the loss of earnings a whistleblower could face by sacrificing his or her career.    More broadly, though, the discussion draft and bill today don't do nearly enough for consumer safety. Instead, we urge you to take up bolder legislation, such as H.R. 1181, the Vehicle Safety Improvement Act. That bill would address shortfalls in current law, such as NHTSA's inadequate civil penalties authority and the loophole that allows dealers to sell recalled used vehicles before they are repaired. In addition to these measures, Consumers Union also encourages the enactment of a criminal penalties provision to deter executives from hiding defects.    The bill would strengthen NHTSA by authorizing the additional funding it badly needs, giving it imminent hazard authority like CPSC and FDA have, and making sure it receives more detailed information from manufacturers through early warning reporting. The bill would empower consumers by giving them free access to more safety information and by making NHTSA's existing databases, which can be clumsy, confusing, and hard for an ordinary consumer to use, more timely and more readily searchable. The Vehicle Safety Improvement Act would create an auto safety system that is proactive, identifying defects before they reach epidemic proportions. And we urge members to advance it. We also urge members to create a strong safety title for a possible highway bill. In addition to requiring that rental car companies fix recalled vehicles before they offer them to consumers, as the Senate transportation bill does, such a safety title should include the needed reforms just outlined. Thank you.    Mr. Wallace. Well, I think we desperately need to raise those in order to provide an effective deterrent against corporate wrongdoing. Especially because we just have to make sure that this is not the cost of doing business. These penalties cannot be considered merely the cost of doing business. It must be a real deterrent.    Mr. Wallace. Yes. This is a very serious, calculated violation of the law. We at Consumer Reports, we pulled our recommendations of the diesel versions of the Passat and the Jetta. And our CEO, Marta Tellado, recently called for the company and the government response to this betrayal to be significant enough to right the wrongs that have occurred and to bring true justice to the consumer, because this is just that egregious.    Mr. Wallace. Exactly.    Mr. Wallace. Well, I work here in our policy office in D.C. But I know that we have a team of committed engineers and technicians up at our test track. And I can tell you that as an organization, Consumer Reports will absolutely put pressure on the manufacturer to make sure that it makes things right.    Mr. Wallace. We strongly support the bill. We think it is well past time that it passes this Congress and close this safety gap that exists. We would also note that it has very, very broad support. And it is only now, it is just up to Congress to get it through.    Mr. Wallace. Yes.