    Mr. Jeffries. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and let me just thank the witnesses for their presence here today. Ms. Burris, you are opposed to this legislation, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And is your opposition anchored in large part to your view that there should be uniformity across the patent law system that we have in this country?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, is there any precedent for this type of carve-out as it relates to intellectual property law as you understand it?    Mr. Jeffries. Yes.    Mr. Jeffries. Now, is there any concerns that you have as it relates to taking this approach in the automobile parts space?    Mr. Jeffries. And with respect to the legislation's broad applicability, it is my understanding that this would be retroactive. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And so that means that it would apply to patents that have already been issued, right?    Mr. Jeffries. As well as applications that are pending?    Mr. Jeffries. Could you just speak for a moment to the issue of the equity in sort of retroactively changing the length of time of a patent from I guess what would be 15 years down to 30 months?    Mr. Jeffries. Some of them already had a reasonable expectation based on existing law at the time of them getting the patent, of filing the application.    Mr. Jeffries. Do you have a sense of whether there would be any sort of Fifth Amendment takings concerns in connection with retroactive application?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. If you have any thoughts subsequent to this hearing, I would be interested in you sharing those with me and or the Committee. Mr. Gillis, it is my understanding that you believe were this legislation to be enacted, that the cost savings that it would yield would inure to the benefits of the consumer. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And so, you do not believe that the purported cost savings that would take place would not result in either the aftermarket car manufacturers yielding any additional profits or the insurance companies yielding those additional profits? It is your contention that the savings would be passed to the consumer, is that right?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay, now if this legislation were to pass, would the insurance companies likely see an increase in their profit margin, separate and apart from the question of whether that thing gets passed along to the consumer, but are they likely to see an increase in their profit margin?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you. I yield back.