    Ms. Cassady. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. My name is Alison Cassady, and I am Director of Domestic Energy Policy for the Center for American Progress. CAP is a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the lives of Americans through progressive ideas and action.    Before I jump into my more specific comments on the energy diplomacy discussion draft, I would like to highlight a topic that is not a subject of today's hearing, but I think should be, and that is climate change which, to me, is the most urgent and challenging energy diplomacy issue of our time.    Climate change has become a priority in international relations because the climate science is so clear. A failure to act on climate change risks severe, irreversible impacts on a global scale. As the committee considers the Nation's energy policy and its interaction with the rest of the world, CAP urges you to put climate change front and center of any policy that you develop. We can no longer afford to separate energy policy from climate policy.    So with that introductory context in mind, I am going to jump into a few thoughts on Section 3104 of the discussion draft about cross-border energy projects.    As you all know, under current law, entities wanting to construct or operate a cross-border pipeline or transmission line are required to obtain a presidential permit. This section of the bill eliminates that requirement, and instead requires the relevant federal agency to issue a certificate of crossing; that is, unless the agency finds that the cross-border segment of the project is not in the public interest of the United States.    And I have a few concerns about this approach. First, the new process presumes that the project is in the public interest, placing the burden of proof on concerned stakeholders to demonstrate that it is not, instead of asking the applicant to make the affirmative case that it is. Second, under the new process, the applicant only needs to obtain federal approval for the portion of the project that physically crosses the U.S. border, even if the project itself spans hundreds of miles. And finally, the new process limits environmental review under NEPA to just the cross-border section of the project. To me, this makes little sense since we all know that these types of projects can have environmental impacts well beyond the border. For a truly transcontinental project, such as a pipeline that runs through numerous states down to the Gulf Coast, the current presidential permitting process is the only venue for the public and stakeholders to examine and understand the potential impacts of the whole project that is under consideration. Under the process established by this bill, the review would be fragmented, it would be state-by-state, and no one except the project applicant would ever examine the project as a whole.    I also have a few concerns about Section 3106, which is the LNG export section. This section sets a 30-day deadline upon the completion of an environmental review for the DOE to issue a final decision on any application to export natural gas to a non-free trade county. The United States is well on track to becoming a new exporter of natural gas. To date, the DOE has issued final authorizations to 6 facilities to export up to 8.6 billion cubic feet per day of LNG. That is more than 10 percent of daily U.S. natural gas consumption, and that is on top of what we already export to free trade countries like Mexico.    The existing DOE permitting system appears to be working. It puzzles me, therefore, why we need a bill that would seek to fast-track new DOE permit approvals. To be clear, CAP does not oppose LNG exports in principle, but we have concerns about placing an artificial deadline on agency review of permit applications. Congress should not preclude DOE from taking the time it needs to make a considered and well-informed decision, particularly on the most difficult projects. The stakes are simply too high for natural gas consumers here in the United States. Last year, the Energy Information Administration concluded that increased LNG exports lead to increased natural gas prices. And these higher natural gas prices create economic winners and losers. Certainly, natural gas producers and employees of natural gas producers would be the clear winners, but, for example, manufacturers that use natural gas as a feedstock would face much higher energy costs.    In short, the decision to export significant volumes of natural gas, even to our allies, is a complex one that should not be made lightly given the potential consumer impacts here in the United States. This decision is made even more complicated given the growing demand here at home for natural gas in both the electricity sector and the transportation sector. So if the United States overcommits to natural gas exports via long-term 20-year contracts, consumers here could pay the price, and that is why a deliberative process is so important.    With that, I will end my testimony, and be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, I just want to take a moment to welcome back to the committee Ms. Cassady. She served for many, many years as an expert staffer under our former chairman, Henry Waxman, and she was on this side of the table, and now she is on that side of the table. But I just wanted to welcome her back. So good to see you again, and you are continuing your outstanding work. So thank you so very much.    I want to ask you a question, and also Ms. Hammond. It is in response to some of the comments of the chairman. In your opinion, and both of your--if you will respond, are energy and environmental issues inherently related, and why is it so very, very important that any kind of comprehensive energy policy also integrate environmental concerns in that policy? And do either of you have any specific----    Ms. Cassady. I would just add to that, the energy infrastructure decisions we make today will last decades. So we decide to build a pipeline today or build a new energy production facility, we are locking in decades of new emissions or not, and that is why it is very important to consider, whenever we are considering energy policy, we should consider climate policy as well, and think through how will this energy project affect our transition negatively or positively toward a zero carbon future.    Ms. Cassady. Thank you for the question. No, it doesn't make much sense to me simply because if you look at the more controversial pipeline and other projects that we have examined over the last few years, the controversy has never been around the impacts at the border. We all know, even the best-constructed, highest technology pipeline, an accident can happen. And those pipelines span hundreds of miles, they pass through sensitive ecosystems, over aquafers, over private and public lands. The purpose of an environmental review is to make sure that policymakers have all of the facts about the potential impacts of the project over the entire course of the project, not just the small part at the border, in order to better understand how to mitigate those potential impacts. So in order to understand the potential consequences of a project, we need to look at it in its entirety and not just at the border.    Ms. Cassady. The presumption of approval stacks the deck against a stakeholder who has legitimate concerns about whether or not a project is in the public interest. It forces the concerned stakeholder to make the case that it is not in the public interest, rather than forcing the applicant to make the case that it is. And that is just a higher burden of proof. And the way the bill is written, since it is so focused on a very narrow part of the proposal and doesn't look at all of the potential impacts, it is going to be much harder for a concerned stakeholder to make the case that this tiny little part of the project is not in the public interest.    Ms. Cassady. My understanding of the bill is that the NEPA review only applies to the cross-border segment of the pipeline project or the transmission line, and so the federal approval only applies to that portion as well. Therefore, NEPA would only apply to that portion. There would be state-by-state reviews if it was passing through a state. In terms of federal review, it just applies to the cross-border segment.    Ms. Cassady. That is my understanding of the legislation.