    Mr. BEVERAGE. Chairman Huelskamp, Ranking Member Chu, thank you so much for the opportunity to be here today to present about how the growing volume of bank regulation, particularly for smaller hometown banks in rural areas, is negatively impacting consumers.    Let me be clear. Banks are a resilient group. They have found ways to meet customers' needs despite the ups and downs of the economy, but it is a job that has become much more difficult because of new rules, guidances, and the seemingly ever-changing expectations of federal banking regulators. It is this cumulative impact of regulatory overload that often pushes small banks out of existence, either to merge or to sell. In fact, there are nearly 1,500 fewer community banks today than there were just 5 years ago.    When I came to Oklahoma in 1988, there were well over 400 banks in our state. Today in Oklahoma, there are 211 that are chartered by the State of Oklahoma or a national bank doing business in Oklahoma. But more frightening to me right now is the seeming lack of interest in granting new charters. This trend apparently will continue unless changes are made that provide relief to community banks, but particularly those that serve rural areas.    Let me also be clear about the kinds of banks I am talking about. These banks are very small. In Oklahoma, for example, out of the 211, 97 of them are under $100 million, 46 are under $50 million. Those are very, very small banks that had nothing to do with the financial crisis that led up to the issues of 2008 and Dodd-Frank. In Kansas, you have 156 banks that are under $100 million in total assets. These banks have a handful of full-time employees and they all perform a lot of different functions. There is no one functionality that you have in a small bank like that. These are the kinds of banks that serve rural America.    Regulations shape the way banks do business and can help or hinder the smooth functioning of the credit cycle, but every regulatory change that applies to America's hometown banks directly affects the cost of banking products and services for consumers. Even small changes can reduce credit availability. They can raise costs. What the ranking member talked about is driving consolidation. We have seen that considerably in our state. What that does is ultimately those three things limit consumer choice.    I believe Congress must take steps to ensure and enhance the banking industry's ability to serve their consumers and rural areas. When a bank reduces its product and service offerings or disappears, everyone in that community is impacted.    Importantly, in rural communities, local banks are in many instances the exclusive source of capital for farmers, ranchers, small business owners, and residents. Once that capital access system becomes dysfunctional in rural areas as it is today, then the community itself begins to encounter more difficult challenges in order to survive.    We ask for bipartisan support for legislation introduced by Congressman Tipton that would require regulators to tailor bank supervision and that would take into account the charter, the business model, and the scope of each bank's operations. Regulators should be empowered and directed to make sure that rules, regulations, and compliance requirements only apply to those segments of the industry where warranted. Representative Barr's American Jobs and Community Revitalization Act also contains provisions that will reduce regulatory requirements for smaller community banks in ways that make it easier for those banks to meet their customers' needs.    Additionally, Congress should help reduce needless impediments to mortgage lending that have constrained the ability of community banks to help homebuyers and dampen the growth of prosperity across our Nation's rural communities. In Oklahoma, approximately 25 percent of the state's banks are no longer in the home mortgage business. They have concluded that the litigation and regulatory risk are simply too great given the limited number of those kinds of loans that they make in a given year. That means that the consumer is denied credit or asked to find some other source for it.    We encourage Congress to support legislative efforts like H.R. 1210 that would treat loans held in portfolio, which is one of the most traditional and lowest-risk lending in which a bank can engage as qualified mortgages. This would provide a much needed direction to the current restricted standards.    There is additional legislation introduced by Representatives Luetkemeyer, Neugebauer, and Barr that contain measures to help America's hometown banks get back to serving their communities by ensuring that costs and benefits are considered before changing or issuing new regulations and that streamline currency transaction reporting and require a review and reconciliation of existing regulations.    ABA stands ready to help Congress address these important issues that will in turn help community banks, particularly those in rural areas, better serve their customers and their communities.    Thank you very much, and I will be happy to try and answer some of the questions you may have.    Mr. BEVERAGE. If I might add to that just a moment, Mr. Chairman, as I said earlier, banks are fairly resilient and try to figure out a way to meet their customers' needs. One of the things that has happened in Oklahoma is that our Bankers Bank has created an opportunity for referrals to Oklahoma City for consideration of those rural mortgages, because they do a lot of them, and they are able to withstand the litigation and regulatory risk that a much smaller bank cannot. In addition, one bank family has created a mortgage business that they offer, but since you are giving it up to your competitor, you might not get quite as many referrals to that instance.    My point is that with that referral also goes access to the community bank, and it is that relationship that is at risk here. It is that relationship, that reliability, the trust, the bond of trust that a banker like Shan has with his customers. A community bank is just simply so much more than a bank.    Mr. BEVERAGE. Some of the language does, but in the real world, no. The answer is based on the reality that the mentality is one size fits all.    A friend of mine had a $15 million bank. Very, very small. 3-1/2 employees. He had to do the same thing that JPMorgan Chase does. He made cattle loans and he made wheat loans. That is it, he did not do anything else. He did not have any derivatives. I mean, I am not sure he could spell derivative. Nevertheless, he was just a simple community bank in a simple little town of about 250 people. He just sold because he could not deal with it anymore. He is not the only one that is going to do that, and that is part of the issue.    My question to you, Mr. Chairman, is if rural community banks go away, who is going to finance the business of food production?    Mr. BEVERAGE. Just to add something to what Mr. Stanley said about the CFPB and their willingness to accommodate some of these issues, he is correct. But, it has taken a while to get there. One of the things that we have done is that we have invited CFPB employees to come to Oklahoma. Two of them have taken us up on that, and I have taken them to small rural banks to show them how they work. I think that has had an impact as it enables the CFPB experts to understand the differences between a $40 million bank in Allen, Oklahoma, and Bank of America. I think that is important. But Mr. Stanley is right; it is getting better.    Mr. BEVERAGE. I wanted to add to what Shan said. The primary impact on consumers is that it increases their costs. In a rural area, you simply do not have a pool of compliance officers who are knowledgeable about everything that is going on and everything that is required of a bank today. You do not have any choices regardless of what you would pay them, so you have to outsource. You have to use the association, or a program that we would sponsor, or your own private expert to help you get through what the OCC has told us is the principal issue for examination s. Compliance is one. Cyber security is two. Credit is three. That is important to understand.    Mr. BEVERAGE. Yes, sir. It does not tell the whole story, but it is certainly relevant.    One of the things that I wanted to add to what Shan said, and in response to what Mr. Stanley testified about, is the exemption that banks under $10 billion are supposed to have from the CFPB. They do have exemption from direct examination authority, although there is ride-along authority, and that is a different issue, but they are not exempt from the rules and regulations that the CFPB has revised and imposed. They still have to follow those. The primary federal banking regulator is then the one that examines for compliance. In smaller banks, that is a cost, that does not bring a dime to the bottom line, which means less capital, and more importantly, less ability to lend to consumers.    Mr. BEVERAGE. Maybe three.    Mr. BEVERAGE. In this environment, neither do I. I would advise against it until we get some changes that will help community banks serve consumers in ways that do not jeopardize them. I just cannot help but say this. Community bankers do not get up in the morning thinking about how they can screw their customers. They get up in the morning thinking about how they can take care of them because those customers are vital to the survival of that community. When a bank makes a loan, basically, there are two questions. You know this. One, can you and will you repay it? If all of that works, then the bank wins, the customer wins, and the community wins because you get jobs, you get economic involvement, you get economic activity. These people grow up together, for heaven's sake. They know everybody. They have a list of things that they can no longer do because they are afraid of fair lending allegations. They are afraid if I screw up on an appraisal or on a valuation, or if I do not dot an I, or cross a T properly, I am going to get sued. Now, rightly or wrongly, that is a fear.