    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Thank you, I would refrain from suggesting that all things are solved when more money is spent. I would hope that we could focus on technology and innovation, but that is not my question here today.    In September 2015, you had an evaluation of SSA's listing of impairments. You had indicated that the SSA is making progress on updating its listings, but hasn't updated some of the listings in decades. When were the mental impairments listings last updated?    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Right. Now the SSA recently released a proposed regulation that would deny second amendment rights incidentally to certain individuals with disabilities who receive Social Security benefits. Which listings will they be using to make this determination?    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Okay. So the Social Security Administration repeatedly failed to meet even the self imposed and recommended deadlines to update the listings. And some listings have not been updated since the 1980s as you indicated. Certainly this is unacceptable. And now the Social Security Administration will be using these outdated listings to make judgments about some people's second amendment rights. Is that accurate?    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. So the Social Security Administration has recently proposed using the need for representative payee as a determining factor for whether an individual should be denied his or her second amendment rights. Mr. O'Carroll, your office has identified concerns with the Social Security Administration's capability determination process used to assess whether an individual needs a representative payee. Can you describe the way the capability determination process works, and discuss some of the issues that you have found?    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Okay. I appreciate that and I know that a lot of effort is being made to do the right thing. I would hope, and I want to support those types of efforts. But I also am very careful, especially as it relates to constitutional rights.    Rewinding just a bit from your comments about the fraud that was determined. What followed the determination of that fraud that occurred?    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. I think the teacher's aide that you mentioned.    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. So then prosecution took place with a conviction?    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. With a conviction, what might happen?    Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Thank you.