    Mr. Kupiec. Congress' original bill designated everybody over $50 billion, which is a very broad-brush approach. I would not consider regional banks systemically important. Banks that are primarily engaged in deposit taking and lending in a certain region of the economy, even of significant size, I would not consider, if one of those institutions were in peril, that it would cause a systemic crisis.    Mr. Kupiec. Honestly, I don't think ``systemic risk'' has ever been defined very finely, very accurately. If a bank fails--there is fairly robust literature that says bank failures cause some economic problems. The question is, how big does that problem have to be before you think you have to take extra measures to prevent it? And, in my opinion, even a sizable regional bank is certainly digestible in the financial system that we have.    Mr. Kupiec. From talking to staffers at the time, apparently there was a proposal on the table before Dodd-Frank to do away with holding company supervision by the Federal Reserve for all banks under $50 billion and that the primary Federal banking regulator would become the holding company supervisor. And there was language drafted about that. And somehow that $50 billion cutout ended up in the final bill on the SIFI designation for the Fed.    So I wasn't in the hearings, but, from people who were in the discussion, that is the way I am told, that $50 billion sort of came out of the air as a historical artifact.    Mr. Kupiec. Thank you.    The idea of a SIFI is basically that an institution is too-big-to-fail in bankruptcy without causing a financial crisis. That is the whole idea behind a SIFI.    And what has happened is over time, we have tried to develop a resolution process for how regulators would deal with a failed SIFI. And if you look at all the papers and processes on that by the FDIC, the Financial Stability Board, and the Bank of England, what they will tell you is, if a systemically important financial institution gets into trouble, we are going to take over the parent and we are going to seize its assets, and the way we are going to keep markets from ending up in a crisis is we are going to recapitalize and liquify the operating subsidiaries. The operating subsidiaries of bank holding companies are bank depository institutions--basic banks.    And so, there is a huge disconnect between the idea of what causes a SIFI and what regulators are going to say they are going to do to fix the too-big-to-fail problem if a SIFI gets in trouble. It is not about the consolidated holding company or its size. It is about identifying the individual operations that need to continue if the SIFI gets in trouble. There is a total disconnect.    So this goes back to the whole question of what should they be looking at? They should be taking the bank holding companies and looking at the operations that they are going to maintain and keep running in a systemic resolution.    And that doesn't relate to the size of the SIFI; that relates to the specific subsidiary operations. So you could have JPMorgan Chase, which is a huge operation, but it may have only three or four subsidiaries that people would agree have to keep open and operating.    So you should look down to--not at the SIFI level. The designation should be aimed at the operations that make financial markets work, the ones that regulators say they have to protect if that institution gets in trouble. So there is a huge disconnect between this whole idea--    Mr. Kupiec. Oh, this is a huge--it is very much a Congressman Luetkemeyer approach, with a 406, the--but aimed at the subsidiaries and not the consolidated group. It is the individual activities.    Mr. Kupiec. I would agree, too.    Mr. Kupiec. Congressman, I would say no. I would say the law is silent on the conditions that prevail.    I think if you want guidance on this, you need to go to the non-bank SIFI designation part, where it talks about designating non-bank SIFIs. And it does not ever say the context of the failure. So the law is silent about whether--because if a SIFI fails in a good time, there are plenty of institutions that would step up to the plate and buy it, and there would be no harm, no foul. Some people would lose money, but it wouldn't be a systemic event.    Mr. Kupiec. It would not affect financial stability.    Mr. Kupiec. It is creative. It is creative justification.    And I would take issue with Mr. Simmons' characterization. The $50 billion threshold really is a systemic risk threshold for banks, and it is treated that way. You are either above the $50 billion club and the Federal Reserve does a bunch of things to you that it doesn't do to other banks, or you are not. Now, they may be even tougher on the biggest banks. There is really no way to know since they don't tell us exactly what they do at different levels of bank size.    So I do think the $50 billion is a systemic threshold. And I do agree with you completely, that it is revisionist thinking to justify--    Mr. Kupiec. It certainly concerns me. It is not a good environment to want to be a banker in these days, and it is not getting any better.    I think it is always true--and there is lots of research to support it--that banks have a special place in the economy, and when a bank fails, of any size, bigger or small, it likely has negative impacts on the businesses that were being served by the bank. They have to spend money to go out and acquire a new bank relationship. It is not a good thing, but it is a matter of degree.    So the failure of 700 community banks in aggregate is a drag on the economy, but we don't treat that as a systemic event.