    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thought I'd mention to members at least part of the reason and part of the genesis for this hearing today. A couple of years ago, I was meeting in my office with the author of a Pulitzer Prize-winning book on energy. His name is Daniel Yergin, and I suspect many of you have heard of him. He also happens to have been a college classmate. And I asked him what was the single most important thing we could do to help consumers with energy, and he replied, develop a better battery, or develop a battery that had better storage capability. And even though that conversation took place a couple of years ago, that really led to today's hearing. And so that's how important I think it is, and how important at least one other expert thinks the development of better battery storage is as well.    Mr. Chairman, today the Subcommittee on Energy will examine breakthrough technology in battery storage for renewable energy. Battery storage is the next frontier in energy research and development. Advanced batteries will help bring affordable renewable energy to the market without costly subsidies or renewable energy mandates. Forty-five percent of new U.S. power production last year came from wind turbines, while solar power made up 34 percent of new global power capacity. But without the capacity to efficiently store the energy produced when the sun isn't shining and the wind isn't blowing, renewable energy makes a minimal contribution to America's electricity needs. Advanced battery technology will enable utilities to store and deliver power produced by renewable energy. This will allow us to take advantage of energy from the diverse natural resources available across the country.    My home State of Texas offers a ready example of the impact battery storage could have on harnessing renewable power. Texas is the top wind producing state in the country. The Lone Star State currently operates more than 12,000 megawatts of utility-scale wind capacity; about 1/5 of the total wind capacity in the United States. In ideal circumstances, wind generates up to 18 percent of Texas' power. But even with this significant capacity, Texas wind energy cannot produce power on demand. And when energy needs are the highest, wind makes up just three percent of Texas power generation. Advanced battery technology could help the United States meet its energy needs and effectively manage its power production when conventional and renewable energy resources, which will save money for energy consumers. Federal research and development can build the foundation for the next breakthrough in battery technology.    Mr. Chairman, I know votes have been cast, so if--I'd like to ask unanimous consent that the rest of my opening statement be made a part of the record so that we can at least get our witnesses introduced before we need to leave for votes, and then I know Members will return after that.    I will yield back.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Dr. Whitacre, let me apologize for not hearing your testimony; I had to go give a quick speech, but I'm glad to be back. And I am also sorry I didn't get to hear all the questions that were posed by my colleagues, so I may be plowing some of the same ground.    But let me direct my first question to Dr. Gyuk, if I could, and it is this. First quick question is, you may have seen Tesla announce yesterday that they were announcing a new sort of home storage battery and a new industrial strength battery that presumably had better storage capability than others. I don't know how much information you might have read about Tesla's new batteries, but do you have any comment on them?    Chairman Smith. And I'm guessing it's incremental progress, not something that's explosive perhaps, or not something that's a major breakthrough, but they are on the forefront of car batteries in general, so that's why we tend to look to them maybe for some of the most--greatest advances in battery storage.    Dr. Virden, you mentioned in your testimony that I heard that there are number of gaps in our knowledge about developing the next generation battery, and looking for the next breakthrough. Given those gaps, do you want to give us any kind of a timeline, any kind of a prediction as to when we might make those kind of breakthroughs that will dramatically change the way we use alternative forms of energy?    Chairman Smith. Um-hum.    Chairman Smith. Um-hum.    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Right.    Chairman Smith. Yeah.    Chairman Smith. Right.    Chairman Smith. Right, yeah.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Virden. You said five to ten years, so I gather that's what you're thinking.    Let me ask the other witnesses real quickly my last question. What's--sorry. And that is, and you're welcome to mention your own companies as well, in the case of our last two witnesses today, but what do you think is going to be the next great breakthrough? And, Dr. Whitacre, we'll go to you, and then Mr. Giudice and then Mr. Gyuk.    Chairman Smith. Yeah.    Chairman Smith. Yeah.    Chairman Smith. Thank you. Mr. Giudice, my time is up, so if you'll give me a brief answer.    Chairman Smith. And what's the quick technology you're talking about?    Chairman Smith. Okay, great. Dr. Gyuk?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you all.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.