    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you very much.    Gentlemen, thank you very much for being here today.    I just want to go over a couple of things that Mr. Botticelli said in his opening testimony, Mr. Maurer touched on briefly, and it's in the reports that we have in front of us.    I heard Mr. Botticelli said that they've made substantial or significant progress in the area since 2010, but I heard Mr. Maurer say something a little bit different. So let's drill down into these seven goals.    Mr. Maurer, I couldn't find the seven goals. Could you briefly tell us what they were that the GAO took a look at? You mentioned one of them, which was eighth grade marijuana use, I think, or something like that. But tell us what the seven goals were.    Mr. Mulvaney. All right. And if I read the GAO's summary correctly, here's what I see. Mr. Botticelli, stop me if I'm wrong, and I'll come back and ask you to answer some questions on this. That in March of 2013, the GAO said that, on those seven goals that had been laid out in 2010, that you folks, Mr. Botticelli, had made progress on one, no progress on four, and there appeared to be a lack of data on the other two.    Fast forward to a couple weeks ago when your own analysis came out, and you folks said that you had made progress on one, no progress on three, and what someone described as, ``mixed,'' progress on three others.    So I guess here's my question, guys. It's now 5 years. None of them have been achieved. You've made progress on one, Mr. Botticelli. Tell me, why are we still spending money on this? Why are you all still--why are we still doing this if you've had 5 years and we're, according to Mr. Maurer, we're actually getting worse, not better? So tell me how substantial progress has been made.    Mr. Mulvaney. Sure.    Mr. Mulvaney. Twelve to 17 is the young adult group that he----    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. Let me stop you there and go to Mr. Maurer on this.    Do you agree with that, by the way? If we take marijuana out, have they made substantial progress on the other?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. Thanks.    Go ahead, Mr. Botticelli.    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Maurer, if you had the access to that root data and had the ability to separate out marijuana use--and maybe marijuana use is different now than it was in 2010, we've got States legalizing it, decriminalizing it--would it give Congress better data, a better look into what Mr. Botticelli's organization is accomplishing if we could separate out that particular illicit drug?    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Botticelli, are you able to do that?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.