    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And to the gentlemen, sorry I was not here to hear your presentations, but I had another commitment also.    My community, the area that I represent, is greatly impacted by freight movement. And while it creates jobs, there is an impact on the communities that sometimes becomes adverse. I want to ask if you feel we should include a freight movement program in the next transportation bill? And should we prioritize projects that mitigate the negative impacts that freight has in our communities?    Mrs. Napolitano. My concern has been that while my area, the Alameda Corridor, brings in over 45 to 55 percent of the goods to the eastern seaboard, it has an impact because the whole corridor goes through my district. And it has environmental impacts, safety impacts. There are other things.    And so those cities that have that kind of impact, do you not believe that we should address it in the next transportation bill to allow the communities to have some assistance in doing whether it is quad gates, whether it is grade separations, whether it is amelioration of the negative impact?    Mrs. Napolitano. Either/or. Whatever works to help our communities be able to deal with this negative impact.    Mrs. Napolitano. Have you had any cities address this impact, this negative impact?    Mrs. Napolitano. Have you proposed anything in that area? Simply because I know it is not just California. It has got to be other States that have the same feeling of not being able to move forward, like you say, on your streetcar. How do we address it so that we are all aware that it is not a one size fits all, but rather that we all have different areas where we could get help?    Mrs. Napolitano. Great. Well, that is a big issue. And of course, I have always tasked the railroad to pony up more money for the grade separations because they only deal with about 3 percent of it even though there might be a little bit more in some areas.    The other question I have is for Mayor Becker. We just passed a temporary Department of Transportation advantage of hiring locally. How do you see that helping your cities and your communities?    Mrs. Napolitano. Will it help, then, some of the communities that have a very high unemployment rate?    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.