    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will come to order. And good afternoon to everyone.    We have come a long way since the September 14, 1999 hearing in this room that I chaired on human trafficking, one of a series that continues to this day. At that particular hearing, then Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor Harold Koh called human trafficking a ``global plague'' and said that while the Clinton administration supported the objective of my bill to combat human trafficking, he testified that the ``existing legislative framework was sufficient and that new legislation should not focus on developing new institutions or establishing onerous new requirements.''    No TIP office, no TIP Report, no TIP sanctions, he said. Beefed up reporting in the annual country reports of human rights practices would suffice. Assistant Secretary Koh testified that the administration strongly objected to singling out and sanctioning nations with poor records and government complicity in trafficking, but did agree on the need for alien asylum protection and enhanced criminal penalties for traffickers that was also contained in my legislation.    That said, I pushed ahead in a bipartisan fashion and crafted a comprehensive piece of legislation, landmark legislation, known as the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 which just celebrated its 15th anniversary of when it was signed into law on October 28th.    The power of the Trafficking in Persons Report, a mainstay of the legislation, rests on its credibility. And the credibility of the report rests on its accuracy. We must get the report right--no fudging, no favors to nations based on other agendas--or we risk losing the most effective tool we have to help the more than 20 million victims of trafficking enslaved around the world.    Some countries, as you know, as the distinguished people at our witness table know, openly credit the TIP Report for their increased and effective anti-trafficking response. Over the last 14 years, now into the 15th, more than 100 countries have enacted anti-trafficking laws, and many countries have taken other steps required to significantly raise their tier rankings. Tier 1 is for those who fully meet minimum standards; Tier 2 is for those who are making significant efforts to meet minimum standards and; Tier 3 is for those who are not making significant efforts to meet minimum standards and, indeed, may be subject to sanctions.    And for those between Tier 2 and 3, Congress in 2003 created a Tier 2 Watch List for those who have undertaken significant anti-trafficking steps, often late in the evaluation year. And just for the record, I wrote that law too. Unfortunately, this ranking has been misused to allow countries to escape accountability, a loophole we thought we had closed with the Wilberforce Act. And that bill was sponsored by Howard Berman.    We are holding this hearing today to focus due to well-founded concern that some of the rankings in the most recent report are inaccurate and undermine the credibility of the report. Grade inflation for certain favored countries undermines accuracy and accountability and, I would respectfully submit, demoralizes countries that actually made significant progress last year.    The State Department heard from many House Members, 161 to be exact, when it was leaked that Malaysia was upgraded this year from Tier 3 to the Tier 2 Watch List. The report justified the upgrade because Malaysia introduced, but did not pass, an amendment to their trafficking law and allowed a limited number of their trafficking victims to work outside of detention while keeping the rest of the victims in detention.    These incomplete actions pale in comparison to the size of Malaysia's trafficking problem. Malaysia was the subject of an incisive Reuters investigative report in 2014. And without objection, I'd like to make that report a part of the record.    It found that human traffickers were keeping hundreds of Rohingya refugees from Burma captive in houses in northern Malaysia, beating them, depriving them of food, and demanding a ransom from their families.    At least 2 million vulnerable migrants work in the informal economy in Malaysia. NGOs on the ground tell us that the traffickers operate openly and with impunity, and that those who get in their way are killed. Only three traffickers were convicted in Malaysia last year, three in a country of more than 30 million people.    I note for the record and parenthetically, as we went through the minimum standards over the last decade-and-a-half, we were always trying to calibrate those minimum standards because some countries like to game the system. In the very first piece of legislation we talked about the prosecutions and arrests and then found lots of prosecutions, but very few convictions. Then we started looking at how long and whether or not that individual or individuals served any time in jail, incarcerated.    Again, in Malaysia only three traffickers were convicted last year.    If that ratio were not bad enough, it also marks the third year of decline for convictions in Malaysia. Three convictions is one-third the number of convictions in Malaysia that they had in 2013 when Malaysia was Tier 3, and one-seventh of the convictions they had in 2012.    Trafficking in Malaysia is getting worse and the government's enforcement of the law was nearly non-existent, and yet Malaysia was upgraded. So what happened? Was Malaysia's upgrade in any way related to that nation's eligibility to join the Trans-Pacific Partnership?    This spring, Congress approved the Trade Priorities Act of 2015, excluding Tier 3 countries from expedited consideration by the Congress, for the simple reason that Congress does not want to increase trade with countries that engage in persistent trafficking, including labor trafficking. Malaysia was disqualified until their upgrade.    More than bad optics, more than fighting the will of Congress, such circumventing of accountability is disastrous for labor trafficking victims and victims of all kinds in Malaysia. Instead of demanding change before Malaysia became a major trading partner, the administration weakened our standards to give Malaysia a pass. In other words, we looked the other way to empower a slave economy.    The administration also upgraded Cuba this year to the Tier 2 Watch List on very flimsy justifications, namely that Cuba began sharing information with the U.S. on trafficking and that it convicted 13 traffickers 2 years ago, which is outside of the reporting period. But what has changed in Cuba for trafficking victims in the last year? Cuba legally permits the pimping of 16-year-old girls, it is the top destination in the Western Hemisphere for child sex tourism, and does not criminalize labor trafficking at all.    And I want to say again parenthetically, I read the TIP Report for all these countries. The Cuba report is excellent but it doesn't comport with the ranking. You got it right on the report, not right on the ranking.    On the labor trafficking side, Cuba does not criminalize labor trafficking. Indeed, Cuban healthcare personnel, who are sent abroad by the Castro regime to generate income for the government, report being forced to work in medical missions, having their passports withheld, and their families threatened.    Again, as the author of the TVPA, I have to say unequivocally that the spirit and the letter of the law make clear that trafficking rankings should not be used in the hopes of bringing about better bilateral relations with countries such as Cuba. Rather, better relations with Cuba should be preconditioned on real protection for Cuba's exploited and abused children and women, and recognition of labor trafficking which, again, they don't recognize it.    The bar also seems to be lowered in the case of Uzbekistan which was upgraded to the Tier 2 Watch List despite the fact that Uzbekistan's Government openly and unapologetically forces its population into forced labor every year during the cotton harvest, something that Ambassador Lagon previously testified to at a hearing here, having similar parallels to slavery in this country harvesting cotton before emancipation took place in the United States.    In recent years the government has shifted away from pulling young children out of school and allowed the ILO to monitor conditions. But instead of children, they conscripted adults, continuing this systematic exploitation of its population.    China's premature upgrade to Tier 2 Watch List in 2014, and its continued presence there in the 2015 report, also raises very serious questions. How can a country that systematically trafficks its own people be anything but Tier 3?    After 1 year on the Tier 3 list in 2013, China passed a law to allegedly closed its 320 re-education through labor detention centers which forced prisoners and other detainees to perform manual labor and padded the pockets of the government. The State Department upgraded China because of that reform in 2014. But now we know from the report--and I again would add parenthetically, I chair the Congressional-Executive Commission on China and we just put out our comprehensive report on China. They just simply have changed how they do business, not the fact that the laogai system continues and is a terrible blight on the Government of China.    The report itself says the government only closed several of the 320 forced labor sites and converted other reform through labor facilities into state-sponsored drug detention or custody and education centers. Again, tjere was a great deal of hype about this; there is very little when it came to actually changing the system. In other words, China continues to force detained citizens to perform manual labor and yet it got the tier upgrade it was given for allegedly ending this practice.    I would note and remind my colleague that I have chaired 55 hearings on human rights in China, sitting right where you sit. Years ago it was six members, including a Tibetan Palden Gyatso, who talked about the so-called reform through labor camps. He held up a cattle prod and said, ``They put it here in our groin area, and that's how they get us when we are reluctant to perform the mission.'' Twelve to fourteen hours a day, or more, they are forced to be a part of work, so-called reform through labor.    That hasn't changed. It has morphed into a different but a very similar situation. And, again, that was the pretext for the upgrade.    Additionally, China's coercive of population control policy, in combination with the cultural preference for boys, has resulted in tens of millions of women and girls missing from the population, making China a regional magnet for sex and bride trafficking as men who reach marrying age, simply cannot find a wife. Just ask the Burmese, Cambodian, Vietnamese, Laotian, and North Korean women imported to meet Chinese demand.    And let me say and note here as well, I wrote an op-ed, it was in the Washington Times yesterday, Nicholas Eberstadt did an excellent one that was contained in The Wall Street Journal, and others have spoken out on the so-called relaxation of the one-child policy to a two-child policy has not changed one iota the coercive aspects of that population control program in China with forced abortion and forced sterilization as the mainstays and these terrible fees that they impose, draconian fines, as a means of implementation.    So the continuance of missing girls will continue in China, and that will lead to more sex trafficking.    We have had, at this subcommittee, a number of women who have been compelled to perform sex work, in other words sex trafficking, from other nations. An estimated 90 percent of North Korean women seeking asylum in China have been trafficked. We have had them sit here and tell their stories with very few lucky ones. And of course China breaks its word to the Refugee Convention, and rather than providing them some kind of durable remedy or protection, sends them right back to North Korea at the end of their exploitation, where then they are either executed or sent to that gulag system.    Consider this: China convicted 35 traffickers last year in a country of 1.3 billion people. Three five. Not 3,500, not 35,000, 35.    Thailand by contrast, a Tier 3 country of 67 million people, had 151 convictions in 2014. Nothing, and I say again, nothing in China's deplorable record in 2014 warrants anything but a Tier 3 ranking. Thailand by contrast is Tier 3. China, with such a small number, a piddling number of convictions and government complicity up and down the system, is no longer a Tier 3 country.    I wrote the TVPA to allow flexibility and discernment in rewarding a country for making progress over their record from the year before, and for significant, not modest or superficial changes, efforts that go to prosecution, prevention, and protection.    Having a 3-day conference or making something around the edges isn't what constitutes significant. Tier rankings are a tool to aid real change, not a rubber stamp for simply holding a meeting or being a major trading partner. The rankings in this 2015 report seem to be a real opportunity lost for several countries, not just for the countries we gave a pass to, but other countries where good faith efforts were made but were not sufficiently acknowledged.    No country will take U.S. trafficking rankings seriously when there seems to be a wink and a nod agreement to look the other way when it suits U.S. business or other interests. Tellingly, Reuters reports that there was a lot of infighting at the State Department between the trafficking experts at the TIP office, who I have the highest regard for, and the bureaus. This year the two sides split, according to Reuters, on 17 countries, and J/TIP lost almost all of those conflicts.    I look forward to our distinguished witnesses. But I would like to yield to my friend and colleague Ms. Bass for any opening comments.    Mr. Smith. I yield to Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Smith. Very well. Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Donovan.    Mr. Smith. Okay.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. Without objection, we are joined by Ann Wagner. And I would like to recognize my good friend.    Mr. Smith. Curt, do you want any opening comments?    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Let me now introduce our very distinguished panel beginning with Dr. Kari Johnstone who is the Principal Deputy Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons. She began serving in this role in November 2014.    Previously she served in the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor in the Office of International Religious Freedom. She also served as the Director for Russia and Central Asia at the National Security Staff of the White House, as an election officer at the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan, and the Human Rights Officer at the U.S. Embassy in Uzbekistan.    Then I would like to introduce Mr. James Carouso who is the Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs. He joined the Department of State in 1995 following a 14-year career in international banking and finance.    Most recently Mr. Carouso served as the Counselor for Economic Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Indonesia. Prior to that he served with the State Department in a variety of economic and commercial roles in the Dominican Republic, South Africa, Australia, Thailand, and Cyprus.    And finally we'll hear from in this panel Mr. Alex Lee, who serves as Deputy Assistant Secretary for South America and Cuba in the Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs. He is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service and he was named to his current position in February 2014.    Mr. Lee has led the biannual U.S. delegation to the migration talks with Cuba in 2013 and 2014, and was Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Interests Section in Cuba. Prior to joining the State Department Mr. Lee was a staffer in the U.S. House of Representatives.    Dr. Johnstone, the floor is yours.    Mr. Smith. Would either of you like to add? I know it is a joint statement but please.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much.    Mr. Lee.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. Thank you very much for your testimony. And again thanks to all of you for being here today.    Let me just ask you, in light of the Reuters report, in light of concerns that many of us have about Malaysia, China, some of us at least have strong concerns about Cuba and Uzbekistan, and even Vietnam--I mean Vietnam has complicity in trafficking, particularly labor trafficking--did any other concern, such as a trade, factor in any way or come into play in the administration's decision to upgrade Malaysia or Cuba or China?    Again, I read the report on Cuba three times. It is excellent. It frames it. It gets it. It captures the information based on everything else I know and other sources. And yet it, it doesn't warrant an upgrade.    And I am wondering in light of the rapprochement that has occurred between Washington and Havana, was that in any way a part of this, any way? Because I would think that the TIP Report made recommendations--and perhaps, Doctor, you might want to speak to that--there should be more transparency in this process. I know very often the default is to say we can't say what we recommended. But we need to know that. This is all about a gross human rights abuse that disproportionately now affects women and children. And, you know, like as I said in my opening, China had 35 convictions; Watch List. Thailand had 151 convictions; Tier 3. Malaysia had three convictions and Cuba is down in the single digits as well.    You know, Thailand must feel aggrieved with the juxtaposition of these other countries, the upgrades. And there appears to be other issues that come into play.    I will note parenthetically, I was never more proud, and I am a very stauch supporter of Israel and South Korea, but during the previous administration both Israel and South Korea were designated as Tier 3 countries because that is where the evidence took the administration. And, frankly, both countries did robust things, did tremendous things. South Korea passed new laws. And certainly, I met with the Ambassador from Israel several times, they are reporting, their closing up of brothels just was extraordinary. And they got off Tier 3 the old fashioned way, they earned it.    But then to look at, was there any other factor in this continuum of decision made by TIP, goes on to the Assistant Secretary, the Deputy, the DASes, right up to Secretary Kerry and to President Obama. And if you could--and I hope you will--if you could provide us with who made these decisions at the end of the day?    Mr. Smith. But again, Doctor----    Mr. Smith . You do make a recommendation as to what the designations should be when there is a split? I mean no one knows more about it than you and the daily calls that went out to the various Embassies. They are on the ground. They know.    And I think 15 years later we are really getting it right because every Embassy I go to, and there are many, I always ask who is doing TIP there. And I am always impressed just how seriously they take this.    But, again, my big question is like with Malaysia, did TPP play a role in that upgrade?    Mr. Smith. How about with regards to Cuba? Again the Report is excellent in its detail. And I mean when a country doesn't even acknowledge its forced labor, when it pimps out girls who are 16. And we know that the government runs the infrastructure for hotels and the like. And it is a very, very cruel exploitation of young girls and young boys. And I am just wondering who, you know, what was the recommendation of the TIP Office and then to the bureau? Was it to keep it at Tier 3, Cuba?    Mr. Smith. But again on this increased prosecution, without objection the testimony of Most Reverend Eusebio Elizondo an Auxiliary Bishop of Seattle who led a delegation of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops to Malaysia. They make the point that despite the presence of an anti-trafficking law, the delegation learned that the government offers little or no protection or rescue to victims. And on the very issue you just mentioned, while Malaysia's arrests increased, arrests for human traffickers, the conviction rate remains low due to the ability of the traffickers to bribe or threaten officials.    That is exactly what we thought we corrected in previous iterations of the TVPA. It is not just how many arrests you make and then put that out as a neon light. Yes, look at all these arrests. What good is it if there are no convictions and nobody does real time or have their assets seized that they gleaned through such a nefarious enterprise.    So, again, if there is a way you could tell us who made this decision? I mean TPP had no impact on this? Mr. Carouso, you might want to speak to that?    I mean the Senate was very robust, including my senior Senator, in raising this issue, Bob Menendez.    Mr. Smith. I have more questions but two of our members do have to leave.    Mr. Smith. I would like to yield to Ms. Bass and then to Mr. Meadows both.    Mr. Smith. I would like yield to Mr. Meadows for questions he has.    Mr. Smith. Let me just follow up and continue my questioning and then I will yield to Mr. Cicilline. We do have a break. We have five votes on the floor. Take about 20 minutes if we all make the last one, or the first one I should say.    Just with regards to Vietnam, I have chaired hearings on Vietnam Human Rights Act that I have gotten passed four times in the House. I have been there. We know that labor trafficking is a huge problem. The first case that was prosecuted successfully was against Vietnamese leaders from Daiwa. And that was the first conviction that was gleaned from that law.    Mark Lagon from Freedom House, also a former TIP Ambassador, makes an excellent point that the upgrade of Vietnam to Tier 2 is bewildering and claims that there is an utter absence of prosecutions for labor trafficking, as well as official complicity, which we know is a huge problem. And we have had hearings on just that: Vietnam's complicity with human trafficking.    And I am wondering why they even got an upgrade to Tier 2?    Also if you could answer again on the Chinese issue. As I said in my opening comments, the reform through labor. I am probably the only member, along with Frank Wolf, who has ever been in a laogai, Beijing Number 1. Soon after the Tiananmen Square massacre we saw 40 Tiananmen Square, protesters we weren't allowed to talk to, who had shaved heads and looked like concentration camp victims. The laogai has not been dismantled. It has morphed into something else. It is still utterly repressive. And, again, that was the pretext for upgrading China.    China ought to be Tier 3. Whether or not you sanction them is all up to you. There is huge discretion there. But in terms of looking at the facts on the ground, whether it be sex trafficking or labor trafficking, China is a basket case. And it is in a race to the bottom with North Korea on these issues. And yet, superpower considerations maybe were mitigating factors there.    And that is what Mr. Meadows and I and so many others are trying to get at. Were other issues involved, intervening issues, like opening an Embassy in both Havana and Washington, China being a superpower? This TIP Report is sacred. We have got to get it right and pull no punches, and say it exactly the way it is, assign tier rankings exactly the way they ought to be. And then what you do on sanctions is all up to you; the second shoe that needs to drop, which we seem to be late in hearing anyway when it comes to the sanctions part, which we thought would be in September.    So if you could, on Vietnam, on China, and again answer on the record whether any intervening issues, not whether or not it was discussed, that could be plausible deniability, we never discussed it so we can say in front of a committee that there was never discussion on other issues--but if the elephant in the room was the TPP, well we have many members on both sides of the aisle, disproportionately Democrat, who feel that the system was gamed. I believe it was gamed on Malaysia.    Again, if I were Thailand looking at those conviction numbers, China 35 convictions, Thailand 151, Malaysia 3. I mean that is a cruel joke. And so please if you could address that and as well as our distinguished DASes.    Mr. Smith. In the order you would like to answer.    Mr. Smith. Please.    Mr. Smith. And before we leave Asia, if I could very quickly.    Mr. Smith. There is a Reuters report this morning that India has been preventing trafficking victims and their families who have been granted T visas by the U.S. from leaving India and starting their lives in the United States. India is a Tier 2 country. We don't have numbers on convictions or victims identified as assisted. I am not sure why or how they could be a Tier 2 country.    I have, we have had hearings on India as well in this subcommittee raising these issues. And so that is a bit baffling as well. We don't give out T visas mindlessly. We do our due diligence. I applaud the administration for that. But now they are on their end showing a great reluctance, claiming that it is fraudulent. So and then Cuba too, if you could.    Mr. Smith. Sure.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. And again, it was not part of the decision. Whether or not it was discussed, it just was completely separate and distinct?    Mr. Smith. Mr. Lee, if you could just suspend and we will come right back to you as soon as we can. We are on zero, we are out of time for voting. So we are going to run over and vote. We will be back in about 20 minutes. And I apologize for the interruption and for the inconvenience to all of you.    Stand in recess.    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will resume its sitting. And again I apologize for that lengthy delay.    You were, Mr. Lee, still in the process of answering. If you would continue.    Mr. Smith. If you could, Mr. Carouso, speak to the India issue, if you would like. And really touch on the T visa report today, the Indian Government being very hostile toward that. But also, what do we have? I mean some of the earlier hearings that we had in this subcommittee were on very, very young Indian girls who were trafficked. I remember I was actually in Nigeria in between stops on a trip and I watched an unbelievably incisive CNN report that talked about in \1/2\ hour what I had heard from a number of the witnesses from India for years about how the police were tipped off right before a brothel raid where underage girls, some as young as 10, were quickly scooted out the building so that they could not be rescued because there was an informant within the police department.    One of the things that our TIP minimum standards emphasizes is that police are part of the government. If there is complicity by the police, prosecutors, judges, or anyone else in law enforcement, that too constitutes a violation of minimum standards.    So if you could speak to India, if you would, and then I will yield to Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Cicilline. I will without objection go in a moment to Brad Sherman.    Just so I am absolutely clear, no ambiguity whatsoever, because like Mr. Cicilline, I have read everything I could possibly get my hands on regarding Malaysia and I just want to have it established beyond any reasonable doubt that no other factor like trade, when it comes to Malaysia, opening an Embassy and new relationship with Cuba, or superpower relations or geopolitical considerations when it comes to China was involved, it was all exclusively on human trafficking, nothing but trafficking that decisions for each of the designations was made? Is that true? Is that your testimony?    Mr. Smith. And did you disagree with the Secretary on any of these designations?    Mr. Smith. Again, as I said earlier, I thought your reporting on Cuba was excellent, as well as some of the other countries that where there is a dispute but the designation didn't match, in my opinion, the findings. And again, just to put an exclamation point behind it, Malaysia had three convictions. China had 35 and yet they are not a Tier 3 country as they ought to be. And Thailand had 151 convictions. Again, it is not the only minimum standard but it is a very, very important one. 151 convictions in Thailand and they remain Tier 3.    If I was in the Thai Embassy I would say, What gives here? That is very, very discouraging. I think they ought to be Tier 3, but the others ought to be Tier 3 as well.    Mark Lagon makes a number of important observations. One of them is about Uzbekistan. He notes that the report notes that child labor mobilization continues in some districts. And he points out that the government-compelled forced labor of adults remained endemic in the 2014 cotton harvest. And asks the $64,000 question: how can state-run trafficking earn anything but a Tier 3 ranking?    What alleged U.S. strategic interests could motivate even a purely cynical upgrade?    Mr. Smith. And without objection, and I mentioned this earlier I believe, but if not I am doing it now, very incisive articles by Reuters reporters Jason Szep and Matt Spetalnick will be made a part of the record.    And also a series of reports of commercial fishing, slavery in Papua New Guinea and Malaysia by Robin McDowell and Martha Mendoza from the Associated Press. Without objection I would like to make those a part of the record as well.    Without objection too, I yield to my good friend and colleague for any comments he might have or questions.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Sherman. And any time you want to testify, you are more than welcome.    Thank you again.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    I do want to thank our distinguished witnesses for your testimony. As you can see, there is a great deal of bipartisan concern here, particularly these countries in question. And I would like, without objection, to put a letter that was sent to Secretary Kerry from the Cotton Campaign which lays out their very specific concerns about the ranking of Uzbekistan in this year's TIP Report.    Thank you again for your testimony. And we will look forward to working with you going forward.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Dr. Johnstone.    I would like to now welcome our second panel which is Ambassador Mark Lagon, who is our third Ambassador-at-Large for Human Trafficking and the Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons at the U.S. Department of State.    Ambassador Lagon's record of involvement in human rights is long and diverse, spanning from Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of International Organization Affairs, responsible for human rights, humanitarian issues and U.N. reform, to academia where he was the chair for Global Politics and Security at Georgetown University's Master of Science in Foreign Service program, and Adjunct Senior Fellow for Human Rights at the Council on Foreign Relations. He was also Executive Director and CEO of the anti-human trafficking non-profit Polaris. He currently serves as the President of Freedom House.    Ambassador Lagon, the floor is yours.    Ambassador Lagon. Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased that you and the members of the subcommittee have invited me to testify on the TIP Report, as I have had occasion to do in the past. I would like to look at some of the key issues in the report.    Of course, we are here to focus on specific countries, but it is worth remembering that while getting less attention, the report each year highlights themes as well, with the text that precedes the country narratives. And this year's report highlights some very interesting and important things: Global supply chains and, in particular, offering cues to the private sector to fight the problem of human trafficking.    The report highlights harmful cultural norms and, hence, doesn't succumb to cultural relativism. Although I will note that the report would have done well to note a cultural tolerance for wide-scale sex buying in Latin America, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan, as a driver of sex trafficking.    And I commend the report for highlighting alternatives to testimony drawn from traumatized trafficking survivors as the means of evidence to hold tormentors to account because all too often relying on testimony of the victims solely propels law enforcement in countries around the world to leverage the properly unconditional protection services to elicit cooperation.    Most important, I want to highlight in the global findings in the report, some percentages. I have pulled out my calculator, as I do every year, and to look at a chart on page 48 of the report. We see a 23.1 percent drop in convictions worldwide. And that was from an already modest 5,700 convictions the previous year.    Prosecutions for labor, as opposed to sex trafficking, dropped from an already low 12.7 percent to 4.2 percent.    And the convictions went from a low 8.1 percent the previous year to only 4.9 percent of convictions for human trafficking being for labor. So there is, in essence, global impunity for labor trafficking.    With respect to country situations, many of which you have already raised, and I am happy that you even cited some things already in my testimony, China in the view of Freedom House is the largest governance problem in the world, both in terms of its internal treatment of human rights and as a pernicious model. Freedom House, of course, ranks China as not free in its own reports.    Both the intrusive actions and its sins of omission are important in the human trafficking area. Intrusive actions of the state fuel trafficking, including a decades-long population policies that created a shortage of females, both as spouses and sexual partners. And I really want to highlight the report this year which says, ``The government converted some reform through labor facilities into different types of detention centers that continued to employ forced labor.''    What the Chinese State neglects to do also matters in terms of human trafficking. And very importantly, the report calls for China to provide legal alternatives to foreign victims' removal to countries where they would face hardship or retribution. Read: North Korea. Heinous punishment to people who would be returned to North Korea, which causes a human trafficking problem in China.    There is a terrible arbitrary rule by law pattern, as opposed to rule of law pattern in China. And that is manifest in the failure to adopt legislation on all forms of human trafficking.    Malaysia; much of the focus of your discussion today, and a major controversy. Well, Freedom House ranks Malaysia as partly free. And I will say for my own part, I have endorsed the Trans-Pacific Partnership because generally speaking I think open rules and norms put the right pressure on illiberal regimes. But the upgrade seems quite clearly to coincide with the desires of the Department of State to make Malaysia eligible for the TPP, and not the merits.    For instance, corruption is rampant. It is under-emphasized in the report. What the report does highlight seems inconsistent with an upgrade, especially merely four convictions for labor trafficking or passport retention. And screening mechanisms to identify and assist trafficking victims are truly thin.    By comparison, the State Department sustained a Tier 3 ranking for Thailand because of things like victim protection remaining insufficient in its massive sex industry, in fishing and seafood, and in Thai citizens migrating to work elsewhere.    I will repeat, as you noted, I believe that the upgrade of Vietnam to Tier 2 is bewildering, especially with the utter absence of prosecutions for labor trafficking and significant official complicity.    Uzbekistan, being upgraded to the Tier 2 Watch List is striking. The report notes that child labor mobilization continues in some districts of the country and ``Government-compelled forced labor of adults remained endemic in the 2014 cotton harvest.'' This is one of the most heinous human rights abusers in the world, even among those countries that Freedom House rates as not free.    As far as Cuba's upgrade to the Tier 2 Watch List, well, Freedom House ranks Cuba as clearly not free. The grounds for an upgrade are really questionable. The report itself says the penal code does not criminalize all forms of human trafficking, much less are those problems a matter of enforcement. And the Cuban regime did not even claim efforts to prevent forced labor or any trafficking-specific shelters.    So with cases like Cuba and Malaysia sparking observers to suggest the report is politicized, what are we to make of this? To say that no considerations besides the pure merits of human trafficking come into play in the Department is a bit like the claim of being shocked, shocked to find gambling going on at Rick's joint in Casablanca. It shouldn't surprise us.    But what should be done to protect, to maximize the integrity of the TIP Report rankings? Some steps we could take would make the malady that you have been looking at in this hearing worse. A few years ago a Senator on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, no longer there, concerned that Singapore and Malaysia were getting rather low rankings considering U.S. economic and strategic interests, proposed legislation to markedly increase the role of the regional bureaus. That was a lousy idea, in short.    In the early life of the TIP office, former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage, who no one could call a human rights idealist, came to the decision that the pen for the draft of the report and the proposed rankings should lie with the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons. That needs to be protected.    The most productive solution is for Congress to insist in its oversight role, and the Senate in focusing on appointments, that the Ambassador's position is filled and it is filled with someone with strong experience, vision and bureaucratic chops, because there is bureaucratic infighting, as your hearing has focused on. Delays nominating and confirming an envoy lead to more disputed rankings, ending up rejecting the substantive expertise and recommendation of the TIP office.    And I am really troubled how long it took to replace Ambassador Luis CdeBaca. A fellow human rights advocate in the area of women's rights, who I won't name out of respect for her, with deep experience in both civil society partnerships and multi-lateral institutions, was rejected as a finalist as I understand it because she was apparently too concerned about the commoditization of females for sex trafficking. I have said here before you when you have been kind enough to invite me to testify, we need a strong advocate for fighting both labor and sex trafficking. It is crucial.    How can we best protect the strength and integrity of the report? Congress should insist that the leader of the office be someone who themselves reflects strength and integrity. There is going to be a deliberative process in the Department; we know it. But it will be much more likely to produce credible rankings that maximize the United States' diplomatic leverage to get countries to pass better laws and, more importantly, to implement them, if there is a strong leader of the office. Then there will be fewer calls like Malaysia compared to Thailand.    So thank you for inviting me, as ever, to testify. This is an issue in which dignity or enslavement lie in the balance.    Mr. Smith. Ambassador Lagon, thank you so much for your testimony, for your life-long commitment to human rights.    And when you served as Ambassador you were absolutely candid both on the record as well as off. And I think that made an enormous difference. I remember it was you who finally, despite the China hands who didn't want, I'm sure, you to do it, pointed out the nexus between the coercive population control program of the PRC and the consequence, particularly of sex trafficking, because of the missing daughters in the People's Republic of China as a result of sex-selection abortion. And you made that very clear.    Your comments on Uzbekistan, and I did ask that question based on your testimony, and I thank you for it. I would agree with you that when we originally did this law the absolute intent was trafficking and only trafficking goes into the book. We want an honest assessment of friend and foe alike, allies around the world. No games, no brinkmanship.    And again, as I have cited many times, the fact that Israel and South Korea during the previous administration's watch were singled out, there was shock and dismay frankly among many quarters, but it actually led to an amelioration of the issue, victims were protected, and prevention strategies put into place. And now South Korea has very, very strong laws as does the State of Israel.    We should never pull our punches. And you have made that clear. And I want to thank you because during your tenure you were always available to this subcommittee and to other Members of Congress, House and Senate, and you were always candid. And that is beyond refreshing.    I will also say, any suggestions you have about strengthening the TIP office would be appreciated from you personally and from Freedom House.    The one of the things that you point out in your written testimony is that the last trafficking reauthorization may have inadvertently increased the role of the regional bureaus. I believe that as well, reading the language. It was not my bill. It was an amendment attached to the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, which I strongly support. But I ended up voting against the reauthorization of my own law that was proffered by Senator Leahy simply because it weakened the TIP office vis-a-vis the regional bureaus. If they have input, it ought to be to say, thank you for doing your due diligence, and we accept it because you are the experts.    And then the second part of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, the sanctions portion, was always left to the TIP Office, with all kinds of collaboration, but the belief was that reasonable men and women would look at how we can best advance the ball and protect victims and mitigate trafficking in the first place. You make decisions. It is not based on empirical data: How many convictions, what is country X, Y or Z doing? The book, the TIP Report was always meant to be where we would just say it in an unvarnished way.    And so the disappointment that I and so many others feel about the artificial upgrades to Malaysia, to Vietnam, to China, Uzbekistan where, as you have been dogged in pointing out, and you did in one previous appearance here, the comparisons to the cotton that was picked by slaves. You know, you put it in that context and lights went off. Yes, that is what many of the slaves did in the United States and they are doing it in Uzbekistan.    So any particular thoughts you might have, in addition to what you have already said, would be helpful.    Your testimony notes that Vietnam does not prosecute labor trafficking at all and that there is a high level of official complicity in labor trafficking. Again that raises questions about a favored country where there are things on the table other than trafficking. And they ought to be, in my opinion, a Tier 3 country as well.    So perhaps you can spend some time on those questions?    Ambassador Lagon. Much to address, and I thank you.    Let me note three things. First of all, you played a role in focusing on the question of official complicity. When a diplomat is involved in subjecting a domestic servant to human trafficking conditions, that should be seriously held to account in the report.    You have raised the issue of peacekeepers of nations who have in fact added to human suffering in places that they have served, from the Balkans to places in Africa, as opposed to relieving it. Complicit as agents of their government.    Think especially about a case where a government policy is in fact a source of human trafficking, this is the case in Uzbekistan. Sure, it has finally agreed to let the ILO come in and start looking at the problem of child labor. Okay, that is good. But if in fact it is a policy of the government to continue forced labor for adults, and it is not eliminating entirely the phenomenon of child labor, that is a special category. I can't see how you could give an upgrade from Tier 3 for that.    And I think that is something that is worth really driving home. If the government itself is doing it or its officials are complicit, that should be reported. In fact, it is my view that if officials of a government are involved, such as their diplomats, that that should be mentioned in the report; maybe not the names of the officials.    It has been long, secondly, my view that both the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, with due respect to you as its author, and the Palermo Protocol are heavily focused on the prosecution and law enforcement precepts. There are more things in the minimum standards there. I think it is very important that you can see progress across the so-called three P's. And in particular, I have been consistent in saying that the moral imperative lies with the protection of victims, or what I would call the re-empowerment of the survivors.    I think if there is anything one does to look at revision of the legislation it should be to make sure that you are not giving an upgrade and failing to take account of an anemic record on victim protection. I think in some of the cases in question here in East Asia with Malaysia and Vietnam that is the case.    The last thing I would say is that any fix in the process and wanting to protect the degree to which the pen is held by the TIP office, you shouldn't seek a zero role for the regional bureaus or a zero role for the Embassies. They do raise considerations that should be looked at. I remember people from the South and Central Asia Bureau who had very different views from me as the TIP Ambassador on many countries saying, so, can we say that Sri Lanka has the capacity to take steps on fighting human trafficking when it has been facing an internal conflict?    Those sorts of questions should be raised. What is inappropriate is if there is a tier upgrade based on issues that have nothing to do with human trafficking.    Mr. Smith. As I mentioned, is there anything that you heard in testimony by our three previous witnesses that you would like to respond to?    Ambassador Lagon. Well, I think it is an interesting argument with regard to Cuba that by our having more dialog with Cuba we found out more. I mean this was always an issue with North Korea, Iran, and Cuba. We don't have diplomatic relations with those countries so they are not about to hand over the statistics that we ask of host governments through our Embassies.    I think it is a more credible argument that Cuba may have taken some steps following ratification of the Palermo Protocol then to suggest, well, now we know because we are in dialog with them. I still kind it kind of farfetched that what remains one of the Marxist-Leninist governments of the world does not have a problem with its state enterprises or its political prisons of forced labor.    With regard to Malaysia, I heard nothing in the testimony that would lead me to believe that the TIP office did not, as Reuters reported it, recommend the Tier 3 ranking. One cannot take the evidence raised for the upgrade and see it as a tangible reason for this.    I will say I am sympathetic to the position that Dr. Johnstone is in. And I would caution that we can explore what happened, what went awry here, but ultimately if you want to keep pressure on other governments, maybe it isn't best for the specific different recommendations of the TIP office and regional bureaus, whoever wins out, to be known globally. In general, the vast majority of cases do come out where they ought to be and where the TIP office recommends.    Some are howlers, as I described to the press in this report, as mistakes. But I think we should take care about revealing that there were different opinions too much, because after all, the bill that you helped make a law and the office that you helped create puts its pressure on by credible focused leverage on other nations.    Mr. Smith. I agree with that. But we still have to get it right for that credibility to be warranted.    Ambassador Lagon. Sure.    Mr. Smith. And let me just ask you about India. It is a country that we have focused on in this subcommittee on a number of fronts when it comes to human rights, religious freedom, or the lack of it, and the issue of abducted children. The new Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act makes it very clear that India has a serious problem with parental child abduction.    And the Tier 2 ranking for India doesn't appear to be deserved at all. And I would really appreciate your thoughts on that. India has a huge child sex trafficking problem, other kinds of trafficking as well, but it is huge. And I am not sure we get the kind of data back from the government,----    Ambassador Lagon. Right.    Mr. Smith . Their government that would warrant such a designation.    Ambassador Lagon. I agree with you entirely. I think that the Tier 2 ranking is suspect.    You may have noticed in part of my written testimony that I did not deliver orally that we should take care. There are some very serious human rights issues or serious global issues that aren't precisely human trafficking. They should raise doubts about a country's overall human rights record. And that is true of India as well.    You have been at the heart of every reauthorization of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. The only place in the legislation where the scale of the problem is mentioned is in the Tier 2 Watch List. That is, that is the one place where there could be a justification for a nation not being on Tier 2 but being on the Tier 2 Watch List because the scale is so large.    And it is true in India, it remains the demographic epicenter of human trafficking in the world. And while there have been improvements that might merit India no longer being a country that anyone, that the TIP office would propose be Tier 3 because of some, finally some actions, in the states in the federal system in India, the scale is so large and the implementation so spotty that it is really hard to suggest that Tier 2 is merited.    Mr. Smith. Let me ask you one final question and then any concluding comments you might want to make.    Last week I chaired a hearing of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe on the Syrian refugees. One of our witnesses was the regional representative for the UNHCR, his name is Pitterman. He said that the trigger for this massive move into Europe was a 30 percent cut in World Food Programme funding. People are so desperate now for such basics as food that they finally gave flight and now they are moving in large numbers.    We are talking about 7.5 million IDPs, 4 million refugees who are scattered everywhere. Are you convinced--and I should have asked this of the previous panel as well--that the concerns of trafficking in persons are being incorporated, integrated into our efforts to assist refugees, particularly in that part of the world?    Ambassador Lagon. I am very glad you asked that for multiple reasons. One, I noticed that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former Ambassador-at-Large CdeBaca emphasized that we need to look at humanitarian situations and refugee situations and worry about the impact on human trafficking. At least on a thought leader level they were, they were focused on that earlier in this administration.    I don't think we are doing enough with respect to the refugees. It is clearly a vulnerability for human trafficking with the enormous desperation. Those who are seeking a better life when they are in hardship are ones who are going to be vulnerable.    I will say two things, however. We should not, as I say in my written testimony, forget the heart of human trafficking being exploitation rather than the movement of people. I noticed earlier that people suddenly discovered a human trafficking problem with Haiti when there was natural disaster. There has been a human trafficking problem with Haiti with restaveks for a long time. And so, too, we should not discover a human trafficking problem when there have been some endemic problems.    But I must say with my Freedom House hat on, the situation here is a governance problem. This is a human rights calamity that has been left to fester in Syria. It is amazing how the United States and the West has not taken action to deal with the cause of the problem which is the mass atrocities from Assad. And these predated the atrocities of ISIS, which only make the situation worse and, hence, create a human trafficking vulnerability.    Mr. Smith. Ambassador Lagon, thank you so very much for your testimony. And without objection your full written statement will be made part of the record.    Ambassador Lagon. Thank you very much.    Mr. Smith. And please continue to provide counsel and insight to the committee, as you have done so effectively for many, many years.    Ambassador Lagon. Well, as a former Capitol Hill staffer who was around at the time of the conference on the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, I consider myself an honorary Hill staffer. So I always will think about how the oversight and the further refinement of the legislation are things I could play my small part in helping on.    Thank you for your leadership.    Mr. Smith. Make that large part.    And thank you so very much, Mr. Ambassador. The hearing is adjourned.