    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I welcome today's hearing on Senate Bill 2040, the ``Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act.'' The specific text was passed by the Senate, unanimous consent, May 17, 2016, but it did not receive a hearing or other formal vetting, so it is good that in the House we have a hearing, which is somewhat unusual for us.    S. 2040 would amend the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 to allow suits against foreign states for physical entry resulting from the act of international terrorism in the United States, and a tortious act on the part of the foreign state or its official employee or agent acting within the scope of his or her employment, wherever that act occurs.    The legislation also amends the Antiterrorism Act to explicitly provide for aiding and abetting liability. Finally, the bill contains a state provision allowing court to stay a case against a foreign state defender for up to 180 days; the possibility of an extension to go to a full year to allow the State Department to negotiate in good faith with the foreign state defendant to resolve the claims issued.    We have two panels of distinguished witnesses before us today, two folks from, I believe, both the diplomatic corps and the Mr. Mukasey, an outstanding former United States attorney, and then a buddy of Bob Brady's, which is almost equally in dignity to being a great former U.S. attorney.    And I hope that we can use this opportunity to learn about the bill to understand the detail of the arguments in its favor and the other potential conflicts. This is a difficult bill. You want to get justice for the victims of 9/11, but you also want to protect our national security.    The legislation arises from the litigation against various defendants concerning 9/11. Legislation is drafted in general terms. We consider it in that light as both the supporters and opponents seem to agree.    I am for access to justice and always have been, and it is my inclination to support such measures, and it is also my inclination to support, in any way I can, the victims of the dastardly deeds of 9/11. And it is particularly strong in that case, because that is something that we all experienced and should not get out of our psyches and our minds.    The bill supporters argue that it is needed to update laws to address cases where foreign states facilitate terrorist strikes in the United States through financing and other kinds of material support for foreign terrorist organizations like Al-Qaeda. They also assert the bill would deter such conduct in the future, thereby enhancing counterterrorism efforts.    They further contend that the Senate-passed language is narrow in scope, and the concerns about any reciprocal effects from enacting this legislation are exaggerated. The Obama administration, however, continues to raise concerns, even in the admitted form that we consider today, and I take that seriously as well.    In addition to the reciprocity concern, the Administration contends enactment of Senate Bill 2040 could undermine counterterrorism efforts, raise serious foreign policy concerns, and lead to a reduction of foreign investment in the United States. Some opponents further argue that enacting this bill could subject U.S. allies to liability in the U.S. courts, including countries like Britain and Israel.    Both sides have come forth with seemingly strong arguments, and while I appreciate the fact the Senate passed this language by voice vote, I think it is worth our while to have a discussion about the merits of S. 2040, and I thank the Chairman for having that hearing. I thank our witnesses for being here. I am looking forward to the testimony.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you. Mr. Egan, Saudi Arabia is not on the list, right?    Mr. Cohen. And if change this law, and they are subject to liability, might we find out that they should have been on the list? I mean, it is just asking a question, you know. And my colleagues on the Republican side, they had some law this year that said that if you have gone to certain countries and you come here, you cannot do it unless you go through all this kind of security checks because it is such a danger, and they did not put Saudi Arabia on that list either.    Mr. Cohen. Sure, anybody can answer it.    Mr. Cohen. But if they are not, are they not going to win the lawsuit?    Mr. Cohen. Ms. Patterson, go ahead.    Mr. Cohen. I am going to interrupt you for a second because they are as threatened, if not more threatened, by ISIL as we are. They are right there with them. They have been knocking off Saudis, and they have got no love for them either. Are you submitting that if we pass this that the Saudis are going to stop fighting ISIL and stop working with us? I think they have got an interest in fighting ISIL, too, do they not?    Mr. Cohen. So if they absolutely had this right, but they are going to--it is going to harm our abilities to fight ISIL, then it is just not such a good partner we got.    Mr. Cohen. What leads you to believe that they would not be? It's in their self-interest to be. They do everything for their self-interest, including selling us oil, which we have been slaves to, and that is why they are not on the list.    Mr. Cohen. Okay, I agree with you on that. Cuba is on the list, did they not?    Mr. Cohen. They just came off, right? And they were a real threat to us. Great list. And I understand the difference, but at the same time we did pass this bill on the folks that wanted to come here to visit, and the Saudis were not on it, and the only folks that we know that we came here from a foreign country that did us some damage, who we should have kept out, were from there. And you may totally be right, and I do not know.    I am not going to comment on the 28 pages, and that might influence people pro, con, I do not know what. Who knows? But the lawsuit is only going to bring that information, and it is real limited, is it not?    Mr. Cohen. Let me ask you one other question. You talked about litigation abroad that we could be subject to. Basically, is that State Department talk for drones?    Mr. Cohen. What else do we do that we could be sued?    Mr. Cohen. My time has expired, and I yield back the balance of it.    Mr. Cohen. Mr. Klingler, let me ask you, how many clients do you have in this case?    Mr. Cohen. Did they not get compensated? Did they have to not except compensation to participate here?    Mr. Cohen. I accept that, and the people that have not been compensated at all, is that because they are not direct victims or----    Mr. Cohen. All right, so it is property, not personal.    Mr. Cohen. Okay. Mr. Stephan, and I might have missed it in your address, but what is the harm, if you say that these people--foreign governments--will not appear; they just will not come to court jurisdiction just will not permit, and they will not pay off the judgement and it just kind of--so what is the harm in letting folks bring an action in court?    Mr. Cohen. All right.    Mr. Cohen. Mr. Mukasey you talked about--I believe it was your statement--about other countries wanting to sue us--maybe it was Mr. Stephan--but that other folks want to sue us or bring action against us.    Mr. Cohen. But could they not do that now?    Mr. Cohen. I do not know that they need a pretext, but whatever. They have got all these problems abroad where we could be sued, and the drones we have killed at least a 100 people. Our litigation, we think, where there is a wrong, there is a remedy--in this case you are saying there is not a remedy, or are you saying this is the type of situation where mysteriously people appear and give somebody a bunch of money and do not say where it comes from, and then they leave?    Mr. Cohen. Well, I understand that maybe it is nothing classified--it is something I read in the paper--that some of these victims of drone attacks, the heirs of the victims of drone attacks, somebody mysteriously shows up, gives them a whole bunch of money, and did they disappear. Is that the way we are supposed to remedy our errors?    Mr. Cohen. But we do that.    Mr. Cohen. Dirty laundry.    Mr. Cohen. Let me get in my last question. You said something about Belgium, and there was a possible prosecution of Rumsfeld?    Mr. Cohen. What was that for?    Mr. Cohen. That makes me be more in favor of this. Thank you.