    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing will come to order. The title of today's task force hearing is, ``A Dangerous Nexus: Terrorism, Crime, and Corruption.''    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the task force at any time.    Also, without objection, members of the full Financial Services Committee who are not members of the task force may participate in today's hearing for the purposes of making an opening statement and questioning the witnesses.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 3 minutes for an opening statement.    I would again like to thank Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters for working to establish this important task force and reaffirming this committee's commitment to using its role to address the threat of terrorism, as well as my colleagues here today who will work to ensure its success.    At our last hearing we demonstrated the breadth and scope of terrorism throughout the world, as well as how these groups have evolved in the face of a strong American response. While the United States has seen some success in shutting these groups out of the international financial system, like squeezing a balloon, this has lent itself to the creation of more sophisticated and diverse funding avenues for these terror organizations.    Terrorist groups have become entwined with transnational criminal syndicates, or in some cases have evolved into the role themselves, engaging in criminal activities which yield greater profits than simply relying on state sponsorship or big pocket donors. These activities range from, but are not limited to corruption, drug trafficking, human smuggling, and extortion.    Place these funding methods on top of other non-traditional means discussed in our last hearing and it is easy to see that today's terror organizations are often better financed than their predecessors even a decade ago. Today's terrorist groups and transnational criminal syndicates thrive in highly insecure regions of the world. Terror organizations contribute to the continued regional instability and internal conflict, while organized crime exploits these environments for financial gain and corruptive influence.    To witness the impact of this dangerous union, the United States has to simply look to the Tri-Border Area. This is a relatively lawless region along the frontiers of Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. It has become the base for Hezbollah's illicit activities to fund its terror operations in the Middle East and around the world.    Hezbollah has engaged in several of the criminal activities mentioned, and through them has succeeded in raising a substantial amount of money to bankroll their actions. In fact, according to a 2009 Rand Corporation report, Hezbollah has netted around $20 million a year in this area alone.    It is this type of connection--the intersection between terrorism, crime, and corruption--that today's hearing will focus on, including current techniques being used by these groups, effectiveness of the current U.S. policy in combating them, and where these tactics can be improved. Groups like Hezbollah, the Islamic State, and Boko Haram can no longer simply be considered terrorist groups. They have evolved into sophisticated global criminal conglomerates.    In order to effectively combat such volatile threats, U.S. policy must evolve as well. That is the purpose for the formation of this bipartisan task force. It is my hope that today's dialogue between our diverse group of members and the expert panel of witnesses joining us leads us to a better understanding of the challenges facing us and shapes our discussion of long-term solutions moving forward.    At this time, I would like to recognize the task force's ranking member, and my colleague, Mr. Lynch from Massachusetts.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Next, I would like to recognize the vice chairman of the task force, Mr. Pittenger, for 1 minute.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair recognizes the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters, for 1 minute.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I applaud the bipartisan efforts surrounding this task force and believe it will serve us well as we work to guard against key threats to our national security.    Today the task force will explore a dangerous new trend, the growing convergence of terrorism and crime. While terrorist organizations motivated by ideology and criminal enterprises driven generally by greed have generally been thought to operate independent from one another, the testimony from our witnesses today makes it clear that this is no longer the norm. Furthermore, in an age of globalization, the growing convergence of terrorists and criminal groups means that illicit networks once seen as a local or regional concern now have global security implications.    While a whole-of-government approach is certainly necessary to tackle these issues effectively, I am hopeful that this task force can serve as a catalyst for action on these issues that fall squarely in our jurisdiction. In my view, a careful review of the deterrent value of our current anti-money-laundering and counterterrorism financing enforcement regime would be a good place to start.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill, for 1 minute.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona, Ms. Sinema, for 1 minute.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. We now welcome our witnesses.    First, Ms. Celina Realuyo is a professor of practice at the William J. Perry Center for Hemispheric Defense Studies at the National Defense University. Professor Realuyo has been a U.S. Diplomat; an international banker with Goldman Sachs; a U.S. Foreign Policy Adviser under the Clinton and Bush Administrations; and a professor of international security affairs at the National Defense, Georgetown, George Washington, and Joint Special Operations Universities.    As the State Department Director of Counterterrorism Finance Programs, Professor Realuyo managed a multi-million-dollar foreign assistance program aimed at safeguarding financial systems against terrorist financing. Professor Realuyo is a graduate of the Harvard Business School, the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies, and the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service.    Second, Dr. David Asher is an adjunct senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security, and serves on the Board of Advisors of the Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies. Over the last decade, Dr. Asher has advised the leadership of SOCOM, CENTCOM, DEA, and the Departments of Defense, Treasury, State, and Justice on top counterthreat finance priorities.    Dr. Asher conceived of and spearheaded several of the highest profile anti-money-laundering actions in history. From 2002 until 2005, Dr. Asher organized and ran the North Korea Illicit Activities Initiative for the National Security Council and the Department of State. Dr. Asher graduated from Cornell University and received his doctorate in international relations from the University of Oxford.    Third, Mr. Richard Barrett is a senior vice president at The Soufan Group, and a fellow at the New American Foundation in Washington, the Royal United Services Institute in London, and the Center for Research and Security Studies in Islamabad.    From March 2004 to December 2012, Mr. Barrett served as the coordinator of the al Qaeda and Taliban Monitoring Team at the United Nations in New York. In 2005, he helped establish what became the United Nations Counterterrorism Implementation Task Force following the adoption by the General Assembly of the global strategy to counter terrorism in 2006. Before joining the United Nations, he worked for the British government both at home and overseas.    And finally, Mr. Douglas Farah is currently the president of IBI Consultants LLC. He is also a senior non-resident associate at the Americas Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, and a senior fellow at the International Assessment and Strategy Center. Mr. Farah works as a consultant and subject matter expert on security challenges, terrorism, and transnational organized crime in Latin America.    For the 2 decades before consulting, Mr. Farah worked as a foreign correspondent and investigative reporter for The Washington Post, covering the civil wars in Central America, the drug wars in the Andean region, conflicts and the illicit diamond trade in West Africa led by Charles Taylor, radical Islam, and terrorism financing.    The witnesses will now be recognized for 5 minutes to give an oral presentation of their testimony. And without objection, the witnesses' written statements will be made a part of the record. Once the witnesses have finished presenting their testimony, each member of the task force will have 5 minutes within which to ask their questions.    On your table, for the witnesses, there are three lights: green means go; yellow means you are running out of time; and red means stop. The microphone, we are told, is very sensitive, so please make sure that you are speaking directly into it.    With that, Professor Realuyo, you are now recognized for 5 minutes, and we thank you for your attention here.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Dr. Asher, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Dr. Asher.    Mr. Barrett, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Thank you, Mr. Barrett.    Mr. Farah, you are recognized now for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. We thank all the witnesses for their testimony today, and the Chair will now recognize himself for 5 minutes for questions.    At our first hearing of this task force, which was held last month, we had some testimony on the question of the Iraq-Afghanistan Threat Finance Cell. And because it was mentioned again here today in Professor Realuyo's testimony, I will ask a question the professor perhaps can respond to, and then I would like to hear the thoughts of each of the panel witnesses.    And the question is whether or not a concept similar to the Iraq and Afghanistan Threat Finance Cell, if replicated in Latin America, could be an effective means to combat these terror criminal hybrid franchises that operate there in Latin America?    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Dr. Asher?    Chairman Fitzpatrick. Dr. Asher, on the issue of trade-based money laundering, which you talked about in your testimony, what is your assessment of current U.S. policy?    Chairman Fitzpatrick. At this point, I am going to recognize Ranking Member Lynch for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the vice chairman of the task force, Mr. Pittenger, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full Financial Services Committee, Ms. Waters, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Waters. Thank you.    And I suppose you are aware of the extensive article that was done about the Time Warner Center. And it is absolutely startling to take a look at the purchase of those properties and who is buying them and how it all operates.    So I think that this information is very instructive, and it certainly should cause us to want to take a closer look at what we do about these kinds of real estate transactions. Thank you very much.    I yield back.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maine, Mr. Poliquin, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes my colleague from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. I now recognize the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. I thank the gentleman.    Without objection, we will proceed to a second round of questions, if any Member wishes to be recognized.    I recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman yields back.    And the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill, is recognized.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Fitzpatrick. The gentleman's time has expired.    Again, I would like to thank the witnesses for their testimony and their time here today and for the significant expertise that you have shared with the task force. We all appreciate that.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    Without objection, this hearing is adjourned.