    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I didn't realize I was next, but I am very happy.    Thank you to our panel for being here and for this particular subcommittee hearing. It is so important. I would like to associate myself with the gentleman from Oregon and his comments about the importance of us moving forward with good legislation so that we can take care of these patients in the way they need to be taken care of and stop having to jump through the hoops and put these patients and their families through this.    I do want to ask a couple of questions. As far as, you know, the beneficiaries of Medicare--I mean, I know you have probably answered this a million times, but isn't that the effect--and it is really a ``yes'' or ``no'' answer for all three of you. The impact will be tremendous if we can change the legislation and move forward with much more--giving our physicians, our physical therapists much more control over this situation and payment and reimbursement. I mean, this will move mountains, do you agree?    OK. You are all indicating ``yes.'' I agree with that as well. It is definitely something we have needed.    And physical therapists in our rural communities, especially, are just vital, absolutely vital. Whether we are talking about physicians or whether we are talking about physical therapists in a home health setting, it is incredibly important to be able to allow the individuals to stay in their homes. We know that that has an impact on their health care.    As far as locum tenens, how would this affect reimbursement or payment for locum tenens when--I know you were discussing how you would have had to have closed if you didn't have someone that could take that space and keep your operation going. What would you like to say about that, Ms. Norby?    Mrs. Ellmers. And it would all, basically, go under your Medicare number----    Mrs. Ellmers . But that person would be fully qualified, able to do it, all checked out ahead of time----    Mrs. Ellmers . And would just fit into that space.    So that is a very convenient and sensible way of dealing with that issue and is definitely something that I think is so important. Because, seriously, what are you doing? I mean, you really have no alternative right now the way the system is set up.    Mrs. Ellmers. Yes.    Mrs. Ellmers. Good.    Mrs. Ellmers. To accommodate so you could be here.    Mrs. Ellmers. Oh, that is awesome.    See, this is what our health care providers do. I mean, the commitment that our health care providers have for their patients, for their families, and the role--that is why, I mean, I am so passionate about health care, being a nurse and being in that space and knowing what goes on behind the scenes that people are completely unaware of; and so, I am there with you.    I do want to ask a little bit about the cumbersome nature of the paperwork, the documentation that our health care professionals-- right now, especially, is the most difficult time; and I am probably making more of a comment than I am asking a question, but I think you are going to agree with me, so I am going to assume that, and I will ask if you agree.    Right now, our health care professionals are dealing with electronic health records, meaning meaningful use. They are moving forward with stage three, which I think is a big mistake. We have a very important letter with, gosh, well over 120 cosponsors--bipartisan--asking them to step back from moving forward; and now we have ICD-10 that is added into the mix on top of the difficulties that are being experienced, especially in the home health setting. One ``i'' that isn't dotted, one ``t'' that isn't crossed can mean the difference between reimbursement for a health care professional or not.    Do you agree that right now is just an incredibly difficult time for any health care provider when it comes to the documentation? And, mind you, we are all supposed to be going paperless. I will just throw that in there. Do you agree?    Mrs. Ellmers. Yes, and the regulatory burdens.    And that is what this legislation is about. We are trying to make things better. We are really trying to work behind the scenes, and I am just excited to be a part of it because I have been out in the real world. I know what it is like, and I know the commitment that our health care providers have. I know the dedication that the families of those patients have and the meanings. They will never forget the things that you have done for them ever, and any way we can make that better is exactly what we need to do.    So, again, I thank you for your time. Thank you for really taking away from your back-home patients and care and families of your own to be here for this important, important subcommittee hearing. Thank you so much.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.