    Ms. Woteki. Well, thank you, Chairman Aderholt. Good morning, Mr. Farr, and members of the Committee. My colleagues and I are pleased to be appearing before you again, and we request that our written testimony be entered into the record. I am going to very briefly summarize that testimony.    When the Secretary appeared before the Committee several weeks ago, he underscored this Administration's unwavering commitment to strengthening the middle class and helping America's families get ahead.    This mission area of Research, Education, and Economics (REE) helps accomplish this by supporting the critical research our country needs to keep our food supply safe, secure, and abundant, to improve nutrition for life-long health, to address climate and energy needs, and to ensure the sustainable use of our natural resources.    For example, the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) works to enhance and protect agriculture and to transfer research results to the marketplace, where they serve the needs of a wide range of users.    By funding research at land-grant universities as well as at other universities and research institutions, the National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) integrates research, education, and extension to ensure the groundbreaking discoveries go beyond the laboratory and make their way to the farms, ranches, classrooms, and communities across the country, where Americans put that knowledge into practice to improve their lives and their livelihoods.    The economic research and analysis work of the Economic Research Service (ERS) guides policy throughout the Department as well as across the government and provides vital information to consumers, to researchers, and to the marketplace.    And each year the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) conducts surveys and produces accurate, timely, and useful statistical data on commodities comprising 97 percent of U.S. agricultural cash receipts.    Farmers and ranchers, governments, commodity markets, businesses, as well as the research community, are among those who depend on these statistics to make informed decisions.    With the enactment of the 2014 Farm Bill, the REE agencies, particularly NIFA, have focused a significant part of this past year to implementing reauthorized programs as well as initiating new programs and policies.    Several of the new Farm Bill provisions enable USDA to partner with its stakeholders and to foster increased collaboration between research scientists and academia in government and the private sector. There are specific examples that in the question-and-answer period we would be happy to discuss with you of this additional partnering.    Codifying the public-private partnerships, as the 2014 Farm Bill has done, ensures that more public funds are being leveraged with private sector dollars to make the most of the taxpayers' investment.    Mr. Chairman, the President's fiscal year 2016 budget requests a total of $3.2 billion in discretionary funds for USDA's scientific research and statistical agencies, $1.5 billion for the National Institute of Food and Agriculture, $1.4 billion for the intramural programs of the Agricultural Research Service.    And these two agencies together really represent the lion's share of that request. The President's budget also requests $86 million for our premiere agricultural economics research agency, the ERS, and $180 million for NASS, whose mission focuses on comprehensive data collection in the food and agricultural sectors.    Mr. Chairman, our written testimony provides examples of accomplishments over this past year and highlights the many activities within the mission-area agencies that we are proposing to conduct in fiscal year 2016.    And, in closing, I would like to highlight one very special event this year, in 2015, and that is that we are marking the 125th anniversary of the second Morrill Act that established historically Black land-grant colleges and universities as part of the family of land-grant universities.    Our enduring partnerships with these 1890 institutions has served as a catalyst for economic development in underrepresented communities across the country, particularly in rural communities, and it has provided access to higher education as well as the dissemination of the latest strategies and technologies based on agricultural research through cooperative extension.    Mr. Chairman, the REE agencies are looking forward to working with you and the other members of this Subcommittee on these many challenges that are facing agriculture as well as the opportunities that lie before us in the coming months.    We are happy to answer any questions that you and members of the Committee might have for us today.    Ms. Woteki. Mr. Aderholt, I can tell you that I share your concern about humane treatment of animals and also expect that everybody who is conducting research with animals in the animal research service, our intramural agency, or that we support in universities adheres to humane treatment of those animals that are in their care.    We do not agree with the way that the New York Times characterized the animal research that is conducted at the Meat Animal Research Center in Clay Center. And the recently released report of the panel of experts in veterinary medicine and humane treatment of animals--their report, after having done a site visit at MARC, clearly states that animals are being treated well, that they found no evidence of abuse and----    Ms. Woteki. There are two processes that we have set in place to do that investigation.    The first is of this expert panel that I have just mentioned that is investigating and has issued its initial report about the policies that ARS has as well as the current status of animals at the Meat Animal Research Center.    The second process is one that is going to be addressing those specific allegations, and that is an investigation, an audit, by the Inspector General of USDA, a very independent arm, as you know. So that investigation is specifically going to address those allegations.    Ms. Woteki. Well, as we have shared with the Committee, we have shared with you the specific information that was provided to the New York Times in response to their questions. The policies that are in place for treatment of animals in research adhere to the principles that are in the Animal Welfare Act.    The Administrator, Dr. Jacobs-Young, who is appearing with me today, over the course of this past year while those questions were coming in from the reporter, did look into specific questions to determine what the agency's responses were.    So she has been maintaining----    Ms. Woteki. That occurred through the course of the year as those questions were being addressed.    Ms. Woteki. Yes.    Ms. Woteki. Well, that was a new step that the Administrator undertook. I think it is a very positive one. And it does provide employees yet another route if they feel that there have been instances of abuse in which they can report them and they can do it confidentially.    Ms. Woteki. If you are asking what internal mechanisms are brought into play, certainly our Office of Communications within the agency--each agency has an Office of Communications--begins addressing the questions, trying to find the appropriate people within the agency. And there are communications as well with the Office of Communications at the departmental level.    Ms. Woteki. I think that we are in the fact that we have established an expert panel to review the situation at MARC and to continue its work in evaluating at least--well, at five other--three to five other facilities within the Agricultural Research Service to determine how well they are complying with the agency's policies.    Ms. Woteki. Yes. And we are undertaking some of those steps. The expert panel that I referred to already in its report made some specific recommendations about steps to be undertaken, and we are moving quickly to implement them.    Ms. Woteki. Well, the expert panel made four recommendations related to the Animal Care and Use Committee. So far, I have issued instructions to the agency that they reconstitute the committee--they have done so already--that the committee be appropriately trained--that training has begun--and that, as first order of business, that they take up research protocols that will rescue lambs as well as in the calving operation that run into difficulties.    Ms. Woteki. Well, the Inspector General has already begun the investigation. They have had their entrance interview with Dr. Jacobs-Young and staff and ARS. And I have also asked the Inspector General to put a high priority on this audit.    I understand that it takes about 300 days for an Inspector General audit. We would like for that audit to be completed on a much shorter time scale, but that is a decision of the Inspector General to make.    Ms. Woteki. Most definitely, sir.    Ms. Woteki. Well, at this point in time, we do have in place everything that the Animal Welfare Act requires with the exception of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) oversight and visits.    Ms. Woteki. We actually think it would be a good idea. And Dr. Jacobs-Young has been in discussions with APHIS about that role.    Ms. Woteki. We could. At this point, though, we feel that we are voluntarily complying with the Animal Welfare Act. And with this addition----    Ms. Woteki . We will be able as well.    Ms. Woteki. Well, I feel, first of all, to your first line of questions, that the Agricultural Research Service has voluntarily adopted the Animal Welfare Act requirements. It has in place a constituted Animal Care and Use Committee, as the expert panel has confirmed.    Ms. Woteki. And we are in discussions with APHIS about implementing their site visits as well.    Ms. Woteki. And, Mr. Farr, when we read the story, we responded the same way.    Ms. Woteki. We felt that it was not, though, an accurate representation of the research that is being conducted. The whole purpose on the Easycare sheep research is to improve the lot of pasture lambs and sheep.    Ms. Woteki. Well, one of the things that I have already described to you is that we are implementing a way to rescue lambs that become in distress.    So one of the first protocols when the newly instituted Animal Care and Use Committee begins to consider new research is specifically to do that.    Ms. Woteki. Yes, they do. And the research that ARS conducts is on a 5-year cycle of planning and evaluation. The sheep research will be evaluated at the point in time that that 5-year plan comes up for review.    It is also done in consultation with the sheep growers of this country who identify what the priorities are that they would like ARS to be addressing, what are the problems that they are having.    Ms. Woteki. Well, I think that is something that has been approved by an Animal Care and Use Committee, appropriately constituted, as the expert panel says, and that----    Ms. Woteki. Well, Mr. Yoder, I think you make a very appropriate point in your opening to the question in referring to these as allegations.    At this point, the Inspector General is going to be doing an audit and will confirm whether or not there is any truth to them.    Ms. Woteki. Yes.    Ms. Woteki. Under the authorities granted to the Department by Congress, animal research, particularly in support of American agriculture----    Ms. Woteki . Is a priority.    Ms. Woteki. No.    Ms. Woteki. And the research is planned in consultation with the appropriate segment of animal agriculture that will highlight for ARS what the problems are that they are having.    ARS designs the research programs, again, on a 5-year basis of planning and review. They do a consultation as well with the scientific community in developing those plans.    And then the national plan is assigned out to a variety of different sites across the country, and at each of those sites the scientists then put together the specific plans, the questions that they are going to address at that site.    Ms. Woteki. Well, we have the agency administrators for the two agencies that are really the ones that are going to be conducting that research.    We have been working over these last several years to much more closely coordinate the intramural research that ARS does with the extramural research that NIFA sponsors.    And you can see in our budget request that there are several crosscutting initiatives, including in the plant sciences, specifically to your request about grain production.    And I might ask Dr. Jacobs-Young and Dr. Ramaswamy to talk specifically within this budget request the new things related to grain research.    Ms. Woteki. Well, with the continuing challenge that Avian Influenza is posing, the importance of having an up-to-the-date research facility for our poultry infectious disease research is really high priority for us.    I am going to be visiting the Southeast Poultry Research Lab (SEPRL) in a few weeks. It has been several years since I have been there. I am told that nothing has changed. So it is in very great need of a replacement.    Ms. Woteki. Well, certainly, PEDV has been a high priority for us. It has also, as you have indicated, been a very high priority for hog farmers, which reflects how we set our priorities as well.    I don't know that we are able to specifically address your question today about the vaccine effectiveness. We would be happy to provide additional information on that question for the record.    But, Dr. Jacobs-Young, would you like to talk specifically about the directions that the ARS research on PEDV is going?    Ms. Woteki. We have also been supporting some researchers in university settings who are also investigating this, and Dr. Ramaswamy can speak to that.    Ms. Woteki. Well, let me take a first crack at responding to you, Mr. Young.    It is prudent for us to be continuing to conduct research to understand the underlying mechanisms and, at the same time, while the Food and Drug Administration is moving forward in its labeling proposals that will reduce medically important antibiotics use in farm animals, that our research also be supporting the development of effective alternatives for producers.    So we think that that is just a prudent way to proceed, continue some basic research, but, very importantly, provide research that is going to develop useful alternative methods for farmers who are producing very important livestock for meat, milk, and other purposes.    Ms. Woteki. Well, you are absolutely right that integrated pest management is an enormously important tool, and the programmatic activities are largely within the National Institute of Food and Agriculture. We are very privileged to have a card-carrying entomologist as the director, Dr. Ramaswamy.    So do you want to address the IPM issues in the budget?    Ms. Woteki. Well, organic research is also an area in which actually all four of the agencies that are here have been playing a role. The Organic Research and Extension Initiative that is administered, a competitive program within NIFA, is a good example. We are really pleased that Congress reauthorized that in the Farm Bill.    ARS has been increasingly devoting its program to organic farming methods as well and the research to undergird those. ERS has done some very important groundbreaking research from the economic perspective on organic farmers. And NASS has been conducting surveys and collecting data and information that helps to inform the programs and policies.    So we are happy to consolidate all of that and provide it to you.    Ms. Woteki. Mr. Rooney, I would like to have Dr. Ramaswamy respond to you in detail about the process that NIFA has used in implementing the research program on citrus greening within the Specialty Crop Research Initiative.    I think the important point to make is that the farm bill did designate that the priorities for the program be developed by that special committee that is representative of the three States where this is such a large problem: Florida, Texas, and California. So the citrus industry representatives on that committee are setting the priorities for the program.    And Dr. Ramaswamy can speak specifically to the procedures that they used.    Ms. Woteki. And we did have one really significant accomplishment last year with respect to citrus greening. ARS released an orange rootstock that is tolerant to citrus greening. So that is a major step forward.    Ms. Woteki. Well, in planning our research programs, particularly with respect to food-borne pathogens, we work closely with the regulatory agencies, Food and Drug Administration, and Food Safety and Inspection Service in setting the priorities.    Listeria has been a priority pathogen for our programs for several years. We then make a decision whether it is most appropriate for that research to be conducted in the intramural program. Do we have the right people? Do we have the right facilities or is it more appropriate to be handled through university-based research?'', in which case those priorities are built into the grants programs that NIFA manages.    So, again, listeria has been a priority pathogen for many years. I can't speak--I don't know whether Dr. Ramaswamy would be prepared today also to speak specifically about listeria in apples, because this was a relatively new occurrence of that pairing.    But are you up to it today?    Ms. Woteki. Well, the questions about harmonization really go to the regulatory agencies as opposed to the research agencies. We certainly are in consultation with them, provide evidence from our research to help to inform their program and policy decisions.    Those questions about harmonizing approaches between regulatory agencies and different countries for produce should be addressed to the Food and Drug Administration.    Ms. Woteki. Well, the scientists who are planning our research program certainly are up to date on the research that is being conducted in other countries.    You know, with different legal approaches towards food safety in different countries, that might be part of the reason why they are coming to different regulatory decisions based on the same scientific evidence.    Ms. Woteki. You have asked a number of questions.    The Secretary, when he requested the expert panel to do the review at MARC, also requested that ARS develop an action plan to respond to their recommendations, which is what Dr. Jacobs-Young just referred to.    Ms. Woteki. Your second question--set of questions about the Institutional Care and Use Committees (IACUC)----    Ms. Woteki . At the remaining facilities, all of them are required to have Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees in place to review the research that is being proposed at all of those locations. So there----    Ms. Woteki. Yes. And we are taking two steps to respond to that. One is, as Dr. Jacobs-Young has said, in this plan that she's putting together to----    Ms. Woteki. There is a plan that is going to the Secretary by the end of this week, responding specifically to the recommendations of the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.    Ms. Woteki. We certainly first have to submit it to the Secretary.would be at the end of the week--that is Friday, 3 days from now--at the same time, can we get a copy of that report?    Ms. Woteki. And we will certainly discuss that with the Secretary about his sharing it with you.    Ms. Woteki. I think that we would be happy to come and talk with you about what is in it. After I have consulted with the Secretary, I am sure that he will be wanting to also share information with you.    Ms. Woteki. Well, the organization we call for short ``AAALAC.'' It is easier.    Ms. Woteki. The facility that you mentioned, ARS facility, is one in which the experimental animals are small laboratory animals. And so that is the one that I am familiar with and the one that you mention that does have AAALAC accreditation.    It is certainly among the things that we are considering. But at this point in time MARC and the other large animal facilities are not under AAALAC accreditation.    Ms. Woteki. Well, primarily, the AAALAC accreditation has been focused on laboratory--not exclusively, but it has primarily been focused on small laboratory animals. They do have accreditation programs as well for larger animals. And we are----    Ms. Woteki. Yes.    Ms. Woteki. We have provided to you the responses that we provided to the New York Times. The questions that were raised relate to programs that ended many years ago, allegations that are at this point under audit by the Inspector General.    And we, on advice of counsel and consultation within the Department, sent you a letter with a great amount of information about the situation currently, which indicates from the expert panel as well as our own review that there is no abuse of animals occurring at the Meat Animal Research Center currently. And to those allegations of things that happened years ago, the Inspector General will be looking into that.    Ms. Woteki. We had an internal consultation involving General Counsel, our Office of Communications, our Office of Congressional Relations, the usual consultations process that we go through internally in preparing and clearing documents that we send to the Congress.    Ms. Woteki. Well, Mr. Farr, we certainly agree with the point that you are making, and in this budget you can actually see many examples of us taking that approach. Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD).    There are within the four agencies' budgets specific requests that relate to what the intramural and the extramural programs can do in addressing Colony Collapse Disorder.    The plant genetics, plant genomics, that are important to agriculture are also reflected in coordinated budget requests. The combating antibiotic-resistant bacteria, another one.    So you can see within the way that we have built this budget we are thinking exactly along the lines that you have described.    Ms. Woteki. Right.    Ms. Woteki. Well, we do know that, under FDA guidance, that we are phasing out as a country the use of medically important antibiotics in agricultural use.    Ms. Woteki. Well, thank you very much for expressing that concern. We also think it is very important that students be exposed to information about where their food comes and that this be part of the curriculum in schools, elementary as well as high schools.    So in the transfer, if it does occur, if it is approved, we would certainly be engaging, as we have already, with the Department of Education to emphasize how important integrating agricultural education is in the school curriculum and would want to see a continued emphasis on ag in the classroom.