    Ms. Castor. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all very much for being here today. It's great to hear from folks on the front lines who are taking care of our families and neighbors back home.    You all sound like many of the doctors and physicians that I interact with back home in the Tampa Bay area. They really are enthused about the opportunities of practicing medicine and focusing on value over volume but are a little bit concerned about the transition ahead. So we're really going to need your help and advice as we go along.    First of all, for all of you just a quick answer. Is CMS being proactive with you? Are they open to your comments? I know it's still fairly early in this. Are they--and do you believe they have the expertise to work with you to develop these alternative payment methods?    Ms. Castor. Do you all agree with that?    Ms. Castor. OK. Great.    Ms. Castor. And Dr. McAneny, you--in your testimony you raise some points. The population all across the country is not the same and you talked about how these alternative payment methods and MIPS are going to have to be tailored for populations.    How do you think that's going to work in areas of great health disparities? How do we ensure that doctors are available to take on those complex cases that are going to be especially difficult? You wouldn't want medical professionals to be--to have a disincentive for taking care of those populations.    Ms. Castor. I agree, and I think we're going to have to be especially mindful.    Dr. McLean, we have a very serious issue with graduate medical education and this arbitrary cap, I think, after the SGR the Congress, with all of your help, we have got to tackle this doctor shortage and focus on GME as well. But setting that aside, are we training the doctors of tomorrow to be ready for this kind of practice?    Maybe we have been all along and then the SGR and volume over value took its toll but what do you see as the future of medical----    Ms. Castor. Thank you very much.