    Ms. Esty. Thank you very much. I want to thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for today's hearing and to the three of you for the tremendous work you are doing every day and for being so informative for us and ensuring that our country maintains its position as the leader in research and development really for the world.    Dr. Cordova, you had spoken about NSF's risk and resilience initiative so I want to hit two--your topics 3 and 4, risk and resilience and STEM education. So starting with the first one, living in Connecticut as I do and we are seeing the effects--still seeing some of the effects from Superstorm Sandy and Hurricane Irene. We are acutely aware of the impact that it is having on our economy as we see more and more extreme weather events and we are seeing it again with subzero temperatures almost into March now. Could you speak a little bit further about what NSF's goals are in focusing on risk and resilience; and as a follow-up, as someone who serves on the Transportation Infrastructure Committee where we are also looking at these issues, can you let us know whether you will be working with other agencies, including particularly FEMA and Department of Transportation as part of these initiatives?    Ms. Esty. Terrific. That is very helpful, and I am pleased to hear about that systems-wide approach, sort of an ecosystem of utilities, as well as transportation, critical infrastructure, which is also our schools and, you know, our core institutions.    I was struck by your testimony and highly supportive to hear you quotes the ``there is a scientist in every child.'' So I wanted to give you an opportunity to expand a little bit on the INCLUDES initiative. I have been doing an enormous amount of work in my district on ensuring that every child, particularly that young women and children of color have an opportunity to get excellent STEM skills in each and every one of our schools and can see themselves as future engineers, scientists, researchers. So can you tell me a little bit about what you are doing, how you are collaborating with stakeholder communities? Thank you.    Ms. Esty. Terrific. Thank you very much. And I see my time is way expired but we appreciate your commitment on all these issues. Thank you so much.