    Mr. Bernstein. Thanks very much, Chairman Price, and thank you, Mr. Ryan, for the invitation to speak to you today.    My testimony makes three simple points. First, as recent labor market, income, poverty, and health coverage data reveal, the American economy actually has significant strengths. The U.S. economy is in the seventh year of a recovery that began in the second half of 2009, meaning that we are in the midst of a relatively long expansion. Businesses began adding jobs on net in late 2010, and since then, private sector employment is up 15 million jobs, the longest streak of total job growth on record.    The tightening job market has meant faster wage growth, and not just for high-wage workers, but for middle- and low-wage workers as well. As my first figure shows, the real wage of blue collar workers in manufacturing and for non-managers and services is up 5 percent since its trough in late 2012.    My second figure uses data from the New York Federal Reserve to show another favorable shift in the recent job market: Middle-skill job growth is now outpacing that of job growth in low- and high-wage occupations.    Now, these labor market trends helped to generate remarkably positive real income gains last year as reported just yesterday by the Census Bureau. My figure 3 shows these real gains were largest at the low end of the income scale, a characteristic pattern of tightening labor markets as they disproportionately lift the incomes of the least advantaged.    I should note that contrary to some of the very negative comments that have been made so far today, the 5.2 percent increase you see in this figure is the fastest 1-year growth in real median household income on record in the Census Bureau series, which dates from the mid-1970s.    Poverty also fell significantly last year, though the poverty rate, at 13.5 percent, is still above its 2007 level.    Figure 4 shows the dramatic decline in the share of Americans without health coverage that began with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. These very positive developments for middle- and low-income households derive from the one-two punch of tighter labor markets and progressive healthcare policy.    My second point, however, is that trend productivity growth is too slow, and that suggests the need for an investment agenda. Though the U.S. economy is growing faster than most other advanced economies, real GDP growth has been slower in this recovery than in prior ones. An important reason for this outcome is that productivity growth has also slowed. And one reason that productivity growth has slowed is due to less capital deepening, as in not enough investment in capital per hour worked.    Now, recent Congresses, including the current one, have been extremely reluctant to plan and execute public investment in needed areas, including basic research, water quality, human capital, including preschool, and transportation infrastructure.    This is a bipartisan complaint, one I hear regularly from the business community that depends on productivity-enhancing infrastructure.    My final point is that while we face serious fiscal constraints, lower interest rates and slower-growing healthcare costs, even as many more people have health coverage, are providing desperately needed fiscal oxygen. Together, these two factors explain five-sixth of the improvement in the long-term forecast of the debt ratio.    My last figure underscores the health savings point. It shows a 4 percentage point decline in projections for public health spending as a share of GDP between the 2010 projections and the most recent ones, savings that are partly attributable to healthcare delivery efficiencies promoted by the Affordable Care Act.    Given the investment agenda I recommend, I want to express my concern regarding sequestration cuts to nondefense discretionary programs, including education, job training, infrastructure, scientific and medical research, veterans health care, and more. Such funding is projected to fall to historical lows as a share of the economy in coming years.    Similarly, the budget of the House majority features particularly severe cuts in programs to help poor families and others of limited means. Sixty-two percent of its spending cuts come from programs that serve low- and moderate-income families, including Medicaid, nutritional support, and Pell Grants.    Such budgeting would not only lead tens of millions of people to lose health coverage and basic food support, but it would also undermine the positive public investment agenda we very much need.    Thank you.    Mr. Bernstein. Yeah. Thank you for the question.    There are well-established needs and uses for what economists call public goods in an economy like ours, and these are investments that the private sector, left onto itself, won't make optimally deep enough investments.    Now, when it comes to investing in private production, no question that is by definition a private sector function. But when it comes to education, for example, or basic research, basic R&D, which I should note is at historically low levels in terms of Federal expenditures, or when it comes to safety net programs or the kind of countercyclical programs that you articulated in your opening statement, there is no private firm that will provide them. And extensive work has shown that these are complementary investments to private sector productivity growth.    And to make it very simple, the private sector is going to do lots of applied research. They won't do basic research. The private sector is going to invest in private plants. They are not going to build roads and bridges. The private sector will invest in some worker training, but a suboptimal amount, and they certainly won't invest in public education to the extent that we need it.    So if Congress does not appropriate the dollars for adequate investments in public goods, that will show up as slower productivity growth.    Now, we have two things going on: suboptimal investments in public goods and slower productivity growth. I am not saying by any means that is the only reason. Economists actually are hard pressed to explain these changes in productivity growth. But I am convinced it is an important one.    Mr. Bernstein. That it is a good question. The reason the private sector suboptimally invests in all of the things I mentioned--I will get to your basic research point--is because there is no way for them to either make the scale of the investment needed or to claim the kind of returns on those investments with any certainty that they can be assured of.    So the Internet. The Internet was a project that began in government, in the Defense Department, specifically. There is no private sector firm that could have on their own funded that kind of seed research. Now, once it takes off, the private sector joins in. But I think it is a pretty classical example of an investment that has ultimately been very important to our economy and our growth.    Mr. Bernstein. So a number of responses. I mean, first of all, I agree with a lot of what Doug said, particularly about expectations and investing cautiously. Certainly, no one would challenge the statement that government investments can be--or no one should challenge that government investments can be productivity enhancing or they can be wasteful. We want to do more of the former and less of the latter.    However, there is some really low-hanging fruit. For example, the transportation example is a good one, because while quality of life isn't the same as GDP, if you apply that to moving goods through the supply chain, that really does have a productivity effect. It really does matter if trucks sit on the expressway, not getting their goods to market. It really does matter if our ports are not as functional as they could be.    But, secondly, here is the thing I want to talk about. Preschool, quality preschool education, has been shown to have a particularly large bang for the buck in terms of much later, by the way--obviously, you are not going to help a 4-year-old today and see productivity results tomorrow. But we are, I think all of us, talking about the importance of long-term investments.    There is no question in my mind, I believe this is a bipartisan consensus, at least among researchers, that that kind of investment will be undermade, particularly by low-income families who can't afford the quality kinds of preschool education that they need.    That is a great example of not only low-hanging fruit, but in contrast to Doug's taking from the private sector. The private sector will underinvest in quality preschool, particularly with low-income families who don't have the kinds of deep pockets needed for that.    Mr. Bernstein. So I would like to challenge the premise a bit. In my testimony, which you may not have heard initially, we learned that yesterday, from the Census Bureau, that median household income grew 5 percent last year--real terms. That is the largest growth in household income in the full history of this series that starts in 1967. We have the longest period of job growth on record, 15 million jobs. It started growing in 2010. We have real wages growing, the unemployment rate down by half.    So I don't think that the actual empirical data would bear out some sort of story that says there are disincentives that are discouraging work when we have a job market that is not only generating historical job gains, but historical income gains as well.    Mr. Bernstein. If I can respond, I would like to, but if not, I can----    Mr. Bernstein. Yeah, I do talk to those people, and one of the things they tell me is the earned income tax credit, which is a very important low-wage subsidy, is very pro-work, and they find that that very much pulls people into the job market and increases their incentives to work. So it kind of pushes the opposite way of some of the ideas you are suggesting.    Mr. Bernstein. I think it is a great question. I think some areas where we agree, investment in basic research. Maybe, I am not sure how much we agree, but I think investment in productive transportation would be a useful place to go. And I think there was some consensus on the idea that investment in particularly education, maybe at the preschool level, where families don't often have the resources, that has a long-term payback. And I know that folks around here didn't necessarily want to look at the President's budget, but he does have, I think, a very smart preschool program in there.    Mr. Bernstein. So I actually--I am the opposition witness here--but I agree with my colleagues that it is an unsustainable trend when you start looking at numbers that are really in the stratosphere in the outyears.    Mr. Bernstein. I think I am probably closer to John on this, that it is really hard to predict that there will be some sort of an interest rate spike, that is the traditional assumption, but I find that very hard to tease out of the data.    I think you are just two things. You are more vulnerable to the kind of debt crisis that John talks about. But, secondly, when you do hit a rough patch--and there is a recession out there somewhere, we don't know where, it is out there somewhere--it makes it much harder for Congress to implement the kinds of discretionary spending that is very much needed to offset that when you start from such a high debt level.    But let me say one thing about this, sir, if I can just take half a second, I have this in my testimony. While we are all bemoaning the increase in the debt, we all agree on that, if you actually look at the improvement in the trend, say, since 2010, it is quite significant. The debt was, like, unbelievably unsustainable before; now it is unsustainable.    So I am not saying that that is a great outcome, but improvements have been made, and they have been made largely through the channel of low interest rates, but also from the slower growth of healthcare spending, which I attribute in part to the Affordable Care Act. Now, we may disagree on that, but that is a really important point, in my view.    Mr. Bernstein. Can I start, because I will be very brief? Actually, I do, and that would be World War II. That was when we had our maximum debt-to-GDP ratio, 106 percent, and a relatively few years later, it was down in the 30 percent range, and that had to do with very much the kinds of growth in productivity enhancements, full employment economy that many of us are all arguing for.    Mr. Bernstein. I think you make a great point, but my only point is that one of the themes of my testimony today is public investment can be helpful here. I actually think public investment--now, it happened to be around a military buildup--but public investment was demonstrably important back then. I am not saying the two examples are analogous, but I do think you can pull out that point.    Mr. Bernstein. Well, we were much more of a creditor than a debtor nation, sure.    Mr. Bernstein. No, that is new.    Mr. Bernstein. Sure. Productivity growth, which relates to the kind of innovations you just heard about. Labor supply, so the idea of deporting 11 million immigrants is probably a bad idea. And, three, robust consumer spending fueled by a full employment job market, so middle class and lower-income people are also getting a slice of the pie. That is a problem when you have the kind of inequality we have seen in recent years.    Mr. Bernstein. So I think that the sand in the gears idea that we are hearing a lot about, I think we have to be much more specific there. And I think somebody asked, give us some granular examples of what we are talking about. I wouldn't want to leave this hearing with the suggestion that every regulation is a bad regulation and every regulation should be torn from--but you actually have to go one by one. And I haven't seen nearly enough evidence to substantiate some of John's claims that this is our biggest economic growth problem.    In fact, one of the things you can observe is that we have had actually a boatload of these regulations over time, and growth has been fast and then slow. And so I think you have to kind of get much more granular and less broad.    Mr. Bernstein. That is just not evidence. I take your point, and there may be a relation there, but correlation is not causation.    Mr. Bernstein. That is true.    Mr. Bernstein. Chairman Price, may I make one comment about the regulation point?    Mr. Bernstein. So here is a horror sorry about regulation. The implosion of the housing bubble, which was very much a function of underregulated financial markets, that is the other side of the coin. And I just want to be clear that--and you said it yourself--I just want to be clear, we have to think about both sides. Underregulation can also be devastating to our economy.    Mr. Bernstein. Obviously, I disagree.