    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here. And again, I applaud the chairman for holding this hearing, I think looking back at the 114th Congress, getting the ESSA done and signed into law I think is probably going to be viewed as one of the more unexpected pleasant surprises in a good way in terms of the accomplishment here. And as I am sure my colleagues have said, the action now has kind of migrated to the State level. And in Connecticut, there are working groups under the commissioner hard at work in terms of trying to, again, align State education policy with, again, the flexibility with some guidance from the Federal Government. So I just want to report to you that is full speed ahead in terms of what is going on there.    One issue which I think is very important in the State of Connecticut is that as a result of desegregation lawsuits, Sheff v. O'Neal, Connecticut was, I think, very aggressive in terms of moving towards magnet schools as a solution to racial isolation, particularly in the city of Hartford, which I live about 17 minutes away from on the highway. And as the New York Times reported, there actually has been really encouraging progress made in terms of the magnet school model in terms of integrating--my daughter actually went to one of those schools that followed in the Sheff v. O'Neal, and I just can tell you that it was a life-changing experience. It is not something her parents pushed her into. She kind of found it on her own and so I personally would have liked to have seen us been a little more aggressive about helping promote magnet schools, particularly because the city of New London is now going all magnet and there is a provision that allowed transportation costs and some other expenses that make this still a bit of a challenge for local communities and States.    And I am just sort of wondering, I never talked to you about your perspective on that and just sort of asked you how you see that approach, and at least the signals that the legislation sent out to be supportive.    Mr. Courtney. I appreciate your last comment there which is that the batting average for these new models has not really just been about sort of the racial composition of the student body. It is also about academic achievement and a number of magnet schools score higher than any other either private or public high schools and K-8 schools in the State of Connecticut. So again, I just want to again tell you a lot of us are rooting for the Department to continue that work in terms of promoting what I really think is a solution to the future success of this country using the magnet school model. And with that, I would yield back.