    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today we will hear a range of views on why there should or should not be mandatory labeling of foods from genetically engineered or GE plants, and on why States should and should not be allowed to impose such labeling requirements.    I have been long been a proponent of strong food labeling requirements. I was an original co-sponsor of the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990. I was a strong advocate for the ACA provision requiring nutrition labeling on menus and sponsored legislation last year, which I will be reintroducing to update and strengthen current FDA nutrition labeling requirements. And I have strongly opposed any attempts to weaken existing labeling requirements, such as the Commonsense Nutrition Labeling bill, which I believe would impede consumer access to nutritional information on menus and restaurants, pizza parlors, grocery stores, and convenience stores.    So I am inclined to be skeptical of legislation aimed at limiting, rather than enhancing, information on a food label. At the same time, I recognize that the differences between nutrition labeling and GE labeling may warrant different regulatory approaches. Nutrition labeling provides information and enables consumers to make health-related choices on how they eat. There is no question in my mind the Federal government should food companies to put that information on food labels.    GE labeling is about the breeding techniques used to make agricultural crops. Food from such crops do not share any particular nutritional or health-related properties. A GE label provides no information on the consumption of the food or whether--on the composition of the food on whether it is good for bad for you, on whether it tastes good or bad, or on whether it is safe or unsafe. There is no scientific evidence that GE foods pose safety issues any different from non-GE foods.    I have to admit, when I hear critics argue that GE foods are dangerous, I feel the same way I do when I hear people deny climate change, argue against vaccinating children, or say they aren't scientists when asked if they believe in evolution. So from a science or health perspective, there doesn't seem to be a compelling government interest in forcing a food company to label a food that is made with or without genetic engineering.    That being said, if the State of Vermont wants to require food companies to put such information on their food labels, is there a compelling Federal Government interest in prohibiting them from doing so? Perhaps not. But I do think there is a compelling Federal interest in preventing any labeling that is false or misleading consistent with current law.    If mandatory GE labeling were inherently misleading, for example, because it implied that GE food was somehow inferior to normal food, that would seem to be a compelling reason to prohibit it. I am so far not convinced that the requirement imposed by Vermont would be inherently misleading. I would be interested in hearing from our panelists today on that question.    Now, there may be a compelling Federal interest from preventing companies from having to face 50 different food labeling regimes. In fact, it was a fear of such unworkable set of State food labeling requirements that led food companies and restaurants ultimately to support Federal requirements for nutrition labeling. To avoid a 50-state problem, there are two obvious solutions: We can band right-to-know labeling requirements outright, or we can replace them with a uniform Federal mandatory GE labeling requirement, but I personally think a voluntary labeling approach is more appropriate for GE labeling. I also don't believe in preempting State law without good reason.    So I think this is an important hearing, Mr. Chairman. There are a number of competing issues to weigh before moving forward on legislation, and I hope we will take our time in considering them. I yield back.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As I said in my opening statement, I don't think genetically engineered foods pose special safety or environmental risks or are otherwise different from non-GEO foods. Therefore, it doesn't seem to make sense to require them to be labeled.    At the same time, unless there is some harm created by allowing Vermont to impose mandatory GE labeling, I don't think we in Congress should be telling Vermonters what to do. And I am hoping the panelists can help me figure this out.    Let me ask a question. One issue I have heard is that requiring GE foods to have a special label would be inherently misleading because it would indicate that there was something different about those foods.    So let me ask Mr. Jaffe: I know CSPI is a staunch supporter of strong food labeling. What are CSPI's views on that question?    Mr. Pallone. All right.    So let me ask Mr. Daloz why you don't think GE labeling is inherently misleading.    I think one of my colleagues on the Republican side said, you know, if you see the label, you are just going to say, well, obviously, this is different or maybe this is bad, even though it doesn't say that.    So why don't you think that the GE labeling is inherently misleading?    Mr. Pallone. I know that I am interrupting, because I want to ask another thing.    Mr. Pallone. I just want to know why it is not misleading. You have to tell me that.    Mr. Pallone. I haven't decided what to do here, OK?    Mr. Pallone. All right.    Let me see if I can get--I only have a minute. My other main question about the labeling is whether it imposes undue burdens on industry.    So, Mr. Blasgen or Mr. Reifsteck--we don't have much time--I understand that neither of you support mandatory labeling. However, why would putting a statement such as ``produced with GE ingredients,'' just that, ``produced with GE ingredients,'' on a label require a need to create new supply chain lines or new distribution lines?    What problems do you foresee with the inclusion of just a small statement like that that doesn't say it is good or bad or anything, just ``produced with GE ingredients''?    Mr. Pallone. It sounds like you are saying you wouldn't have a problem with that label.    Mr. Pallone. So what if it was one national standard, ``produced with GE ingredients''?    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.