    Mr. O'CARROLL. Good morning, Chairman Boustany, Ranking Member Doggett, and Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the invitation to testify.    Last September, police in Richmond, Virginia, issued an arrest warrant for a man who had committed serious crimes. The suspect was wanted for, amongst other crimes, carjacking, using a firearm to commit a felony, and malicious wounding. Within weeks, a U.S. Marshal's fugitive task force, along with OIG special agents, located and arrested the man in Virginia.    Because this fugitive received SSI payments, the task force found him with an assist of our Fugitive Enforcement Program. Through information sharing and collaboration with law enforcement agencies across the country, this program has helped bring thousands of fugitives to justice.    In the past, SSA would have suspended this fugitive's SSI payments based on the felony arrest warrant from Richmond. But since he was wanted for carjacking rather than for fleeing justice, SSA could not take action to stop his payments until he was behind bars.    For many years, we have worked with local law enforcement to locate fugitive felons and help SSA cut off their payments. However, since 2009, two court decisions have dramatically limited SSA's ability to stop these payments. I discuss these decisions further in my written testimony, but they essentially stopped SSA from suspending payments unless someone is wanted specifically for flight or escape.    As I said, the effect has been dramatic. In 2009, SSA suspended benefits for more than 58,000 individuals. In 2014, after the court decisions, SSA suspended benefits for 830 individuals. The court decisions did not affect our ability to share locator information with law enforcement. And we continue to help those agencies in their efforts to apprehend fugitives.    Your subcommittee, with support from the Subcommittee on Social Security, recently introduced the Control Unlawful Fugitive Felons Act. This law would again discontinue payments to individuals who are the subject of an outstanding felony arrest warrant.    The Social Security Act also prohibits payments to prisoners, and we have a long history of overseeing and improving the agency's efforts in this area. Some of our earliest audit work recommended that SSA improve collection of prisoner information and pursue agreements to obtain this information.    Because of our work, SSA now has agreements to obtain prisoner data from 50 States, the Federal Bureau of Prisons, and thousands of local corrections facilities. SSA matches this inmate data against its payment records every month to make sure that prisoners don't receive a check. SSA estimates that it suspends benefits to about 60,000 prisoners each year, saving about $500 million per year. This success story is a good example of the potential that data matches for ensuring that SSA payment accuracy.    For many years, my office has recommended these matches to SSA. For example, we work with Homeland Security to match Customs travel data to SSA records, an estimated $150 million in overpayments to SSI recipients based on their absence from the United States for more than 30 days.    And as your subcommittee knows, we recently reviewed SSA's process for removing self-employment earnings from SSI recipient records and notifying the IRS of this discrepancy. We recommended that SSA work with the IRS to identify earned income tax credit fraud.    Unfortunately, we in SSA are limited in our ability to secure data matches under the Computer Matching and Privacy Protection Act. We have proposed an exemption from the CMPPA only for data matches intended to identify fraud and waste. One current House proposal, the Inspector General Empowerment Act, includes this exemption.    In conclusion, SSI payment accuracy is a high priority for my office. The program is a critical safety net for the most vulnerable citizens in our society. We must also not forget that we are accountable to the taxpayers who fund this program to ensure that only those who are eligible can receive these payments.    I appreciate your interest in improving the integrity of the SSI program. We look forward to collaborating with your subcommittee on the best ways to do this effectively. Thank you again for the invitation to testify, and I will be happy to answer any questions.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you very much, Mr. O'Carroll.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes, Chairman. One of the things that I mentioned in my testimony is the legislation on allowing IGs to be exempt from the Computer Matching Act.    And the reasoning behind it is pretty much as we were talking before with identity theft, that, in government databases, we know and have a lot of identifying information about individuals that the agencies can share with each other, which would identify who the person is and make sure that the right person is getting the right benefits.    So, in that regard, that would be--one of the bills is the IG Empowerment Act. But of the bills that are being proposed by this committee here, all of them--the Fraud Act, the CUFF Act--each of those are going after the facilitators, the organized groups that are going out there trying to defraud us.    I think that is a major step in the right direction and then making sure that the people that are fleeing from us aren't going out there doing more crimes while we are still giving them checks.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you.    Mr. Bertoni.    Mr. BERTONI. I think, in general, we need to move into a 21st-century verification system. So many times we hear about recipients self-reporting without third-party verification across numerous programs across government. I have been reporting on it for 20 years.    So we need to move into the realm of data cross-matching. We need to create interfaces, whether it be State to Federal, Federal to Federal, Federal to State, you know, whatever needs to happen. We need to triangulate data so we have corroboration of what people are attesting to.    As an example on the UI side, we talk about face-to-face interaction. I can go on the Internet and go to a Web site in Hong Kong and get the highest grade driver's license that will pass TSA screening and TSA--you know, whatever their verification devices, have that in my pocket, walk into an Unemployment Insurance agency, present that. They look at the picture. It matches the license. And we are good to go.    What you need to do is verify that license with a third party. So with an interface with a DMV, a driver's license entity, if you ran that and that picture comes back in an online mode and, if the technologies are there, you could see that there was a disconnect between that person's face on the license and the one that the DMV has. So a classic example of data crossmatching that could work.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Seemingly simple solutions, yet we are still fighting with this identity theft issue. I certainly appreciate the input and the insights you provided.    I am now pleased yield to my ranking member, Mr. Doggett, for questions.    Mr. DOGGETT. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks to each of our witnesses for their testimony.    You know, I am as outraged as anyone by the notion that someone who's incarcerated is getting public benefits when public benefits are under such siege here and in many State capitals and there is so much need out there.    But I think it is apparent from the testimony that we don't get law enforcement in this area any less expensively than we get it for any other kind of crime. Whether it is identity theft, whether it is getting, as you were saying, Mr. Bertoni, triangulation data, the States cannot be expected to do this for free and neither can the Federal Government.    And so, while I am in favor of and probably will have an opportunity to vote for a number of the measures discussed this morning, really, they don't begin to scratch the surface of this issue the way providing the resources to the law enforcement agencies involved here, as, particularly, Ms. DeLauro and Mr. Becerra pointed out in their testimony here, unless we do that. So if there really is a desire to prevent fraud, to prevent overpayment, we would provide the funding necessary for these agencies do their job.    As much as is the case with the Internal Revenue Service, it is always difficult to defend additional appropriations for an agency that generally is so disliked across the American public, but we are losing billions of dollars a year because we are not providing the money for the IRS to deal with tax fraud. And the same thing applies here.    I appreciate the testimony of all of our witnesses. I am going to address my questions to Ms. Vallas.    First, just draw attention, if you would, to the difference here between identity theft, overpayment, and fraud. And how on the overpayment side does this occur? And what can we do to prevent the miscalculation that may occur there quite innocently, but that has an impact?    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    I would reiterate, as you have and as others have this morning, the importance of keeping in mind the difference between an overpayment, which can be an accident or a miscalculation, and fraud, which really does require the intent to defraud a system or a program. And the vast majority of overpayments in the programs we are discussing this morning are not due to fraud. They are due to administrative error, miscalculations and so forth.    And I will give you one example which ties in very much with administrative resources or the lack thereof, which you mentioned in your question.    One significant consequence of years of appropriators depriving the Social Security Administration of the resources it needs in order to keep up with its workload is that there is now a significant and massive delay in processing beneficiary's earnings reports.    The most recent statistic that I have heard from the agency is that the delay in processing a beneficiary's work report, how much they earned, is now 270 days, or 9 months. That is how long it sits on someone's desk waiting to be processed.    So a DI or SSI beneficiary can do absolutely everything right, faithfully report his or her earnings, and, yet, still get hit with a massive overpayment that is not his or her fault and that really is just a mistake months later.    Another leading cause of needless overpayment is the outdated asset limits and income limits that you mentioned, Congressman, in the SSI program. They have barely budged from where they were set in the 1970s.    And so beneficiaries are effectively prohibited from having even modest, just precautionary, savings just in case there's a leaky roof or their water heater breaks. They cannot even have more than $2,000 in the bank. So, as a result, what we are seeing is overpayments that would never have occurred under the original intent of the SSI program. And the same is true with the income rules as well.    Mr. DOGGETT. And who are these SSI beneficiaries? We don't have any here today. But what kind of people are we talking about?    Ms. VALLAS. Well, it is really worth mentioning and reiterating how strict the disability standard is. So, in addition to the 2 million very-low-income seniors who receive SSI benefits, we are also talking about individuals with the most significant disabilities, the most severe illnesses, many of them actually terminally ill, people with significant cerebral palsy, Alzheimer's, severe mental illness and so forth.    And these are individuals so have largely nothing else to turn to, nothing else to rely on. And so SSI benefits really are for them. It is the difference between having a roof over their head, being out on the street. It can enable people to afford needed copays on life-sustaining medications. I can't reiterate the importance of the SSI program to its beneficiaries.    Mr. DOGGETT. Thank you very much.    Mr. YOUNG. I will yield myself 5 minutes. The chairman had to step out. I thank all of the panelists for your testimony today. Very informative, each of you.    I think all of us agree our safety net programs have to reflect our values. And those values, I think collectively as a country, are about regarding every single American as an asset to be realized and not a liability to be written off.    That is really the function of these safety net programs. And to the extent to which we can further improve the integrity of these programs, the better we realize that overall objective.    In a previous life, I worked as a management consultant. And, specifically, I did most of my work in the state and local government space. So I have some appreciation for the value that the private sector can add with respect to project management, program integrity, innovation, technology, implementation, and business process redesign.    So I was very much struck by Ms. Rohlman's testimony and the good work, Equifax, your company, is doing to improve program integrity especially through the automated income and employment verification services that you offer through your proprietary database, The Work Number.    Your solutions facilitate a delivery of a streamlined, secure, and timely transfer of information between employers, on the one hand, and verifiers to help ensure that we have an accelerated decision-making process of an individual's government benefit eligibility.    This means cutting through bureaucratic red tape, reducing program abuse. There is less back-and-forth under your process, less waste of paperwork and human resources, and we can spend more time helping people who really need a hand up instead of trying to verify employment and income.    I would like Ms. Rohlman kindly to elaborate on specifically how your automated verification services can improve the process to assist individuals who are at need at the State and Federal level.    Ms. ROHLMAN. Certainly, and thanks for your question.    We actually work with the State of Indiana today on all of your other benefit programs. We are integrated with your systems today.    And to give an example of how that works, someone comes into an office, a case worker pulls up their data, and if we have employment and income information on them, it goes straight into your system at that point in time.    You can see if, in fact, we have employment and income available. You can see if there have been changes if they were in a month before and X wages were reported and now Y wages are reported. It helps to make decisions that are necessary to allow those benefits to be applied.    For UI purposes, we are not working with the State today, but one of the actions that was underway in the past was both--I mentioned Do Not Pay and that process. We have also met with the Department of Labor--we do that on an ongoing basis--and spoke with them about modernizing systems, their efforts towards data analytics in the future, and definitely working with Web-based verification systems.    They are very familiar with our database and believe that it can provide tremendous value in this space, once again, to just make sure that we are not only relying on self-reporting and trust, but that the data is there and use of databases and commercial databases both from private, public, State, Federal back and forth can work.    Mr. YOUNG. Thank you.    We are here to improve program integrity. And so I would be remiss if I didn't ask you in my remaining minutes which I yielded to myself what sort of barriers Equifax encounters in various States.    I can recall, as a management consultant, there would be different risk factors in every implementation, every project, some of them legislative, others regulatory, some human resource.    How can we help improve program integrity, working with companies and other entities like yours?    Ms. ROHLMAN. Great question, because we see this a lot.    Modernization of systems is something that is underway in many States. It does take a while. Definitely the legislative statutory requirements around data sharing are necessary.    I know that we work with SSA today and, again, they are not allowed to use batch. Our system for batch verifications is on a per-applicant basis, and it is all because of a statutory requirement that they are not allowed to do that.    Again, DOL expects that same issue. Do Not Pay ran into that. We did work with Treasury in the past. And, again, it is a statutory requirement that we believe can be changed pretty simply.    Mr. YOUNG. Thank you. Very helpful.    I now yield to Mrs. Noem.    Mrs. NOEM. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Inspector General, could you tell me why we are not allowed to use batch. I guess I wanted to follow up on that question a little bit to see if you could give us a little bit of insight as to why that is not able to be utilized or maybe some historical perspective.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes, Congresswoman. That kind of falls under the Computer Matching Act. The purpose of that act when it was initially passed was that it was for the privacy of the citizen. And they were feeling that, if government was using all this information that they had, that it would be used unfairly towards the citizenry.    But what we are saying is that we would like the exemptions for that to be done on antifraud initiatives, not for blanket information on citizens, but just to be able to compare that information. And most of it is against the batches.    So, as an example, we can do one-on-one queries of other agency databases, but when we get into doing it in batch form, all we can use it for is audits. We can't use it for antifraud initiatives. We can't use it for that.    Mrs. NOEM. Okay.    Mr. O'CARROLL. So that is why we are asking for the exemption for not only the IG, but also for the agency to be able to use it for antifraud and abuse.    Mrs. NOEM. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that insight.    I take it very seriously that our job here today is to try to discuss the programs that we have out there, the dollars that are being spent, and make sure that we do restore integrity where there is opportunity to do that.    The Congressional Budget Office reports that fugitive felons will receive up to $5 billion in Social Security and SSI benefits in the next decade unless we enact reforms such as the CUFF Act, which the Inspector General has referenced earlier, and which I am cosponsoring with Congressman Johnson.    Inspector General, could you tell us a little bit about the history of this provision and then--I know you talked about that in your opening statement--also, the court cases and the impact that they have had on actions that have been taken.    But I wanted to give you another opportunity to go a little bit deeper into that to see how we can put this kind of--why this legislation would be necessary to make sure that we could take the action to not continue payments whether they are not justified to felons.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Congresswoman, that bill--well, in 1996, the bill was passed that fleeing felons wouldn't be able to receive benefits. That was for the SSI program. And then, in 2005, it was applied to all of SSA's programs. So it would be, also, the other programs of SSA. And then, in 2009, what happened was there were several court decisions.    The court decisions were basically saying that the terminology of the bill was ``fleeing felons,'' and the belief was that, if a person was not fleeing, that they would not be liable to having their benefits cut off. And so that one, which is called the Martinez settlement, went into effect.    And then, at that point there, just to give you a little bit of idea of the sizing it, we were talking about 50,000 people were ineligible up until Martinez. And then, at that point, we are at about 800--well, we had identified about 50,000 people that were ineligible. And now, with all the different constraints that are put on it in relation to fleeing, we are down to about 800.    Mrs. NOEM. Do you have any idea of the dollar amount change that that encompassed?    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yeah. We were talking--let me think. I have that somewhere right here in front of me.    Congresswoman, let me get back to you on that. I should have it right here.    Mrs. NOEM. Sure. That is okay. You can certainly get that to me in the future.    Mr. O'CARROLL. I do have it in front of me right now.    We were talking improper payments of about--$321 million was our original audit, and it has gone down to about $14 million.    Mrs. NOEM. Okay. Thank you very much.    Mr. O'Carroll, do you support the CUFF Act, which would amend the Social Security Act to prohibit Titles II and XVI from being paid to felons?    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes. We not only support it, but we have helped on some of the technical work on developing it.    Mrs. NOEM. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that.    And I appreciate the committee bringing this to the hearing today and other bills that will help prevent abuse and improper payments going forward.    I yield back.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentlelady.    Next we will go to Mr. Lewis.    Mr. LEWIS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing this morning.    I want to thank all of the witnesses for being here.    Ms. Rohlman, thank you for coming all the way from Atlanta to be here and to testify.    Ms. Vallas, as we work to prevent overpayment, you have cautioned us about avoiding unintended consequences, that they end up hurting qualified disability or UI claimants.    Can you review for us proposals that might end up being benefit cuts for very needy Americans as opposed to reduction in fraud and abuse.    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    I did mention that in my written testimony and in my opening statement because I think it is important that we take great care as we work together in a bipartisan fashion to root out fraud and abuse that we not unwittingly move forward legislation that would carry with it unintended consequences that could weaken these vital programs and really serve as benefit cuts for the neediest Americans.    I mentioned the SAIL Act, which I have great concerns could result in interruption of SSI for children with significant disabilities who face very legitimate and understandable interruptions in their schooling. So, for example, many SSI beneficiaries are too sick for full-time school. Many are actually terminally ill. Back in 2013, 7 percent of the SSI child caseload was terminated due to the death of the child.    Other reasons for interruptions in school can include homelessness and poverty, which can lead to movement, geographic mobility, a high risk of needing to enroll in different schools. Students with disabilities are also substantially more likely to be bullied than their peers, which can lead to gaps in school enrollment.    And, finally, students with disabilities are disproportionately likely to be suspended or expelled from school, which then the SAIL Act could result in a destabilization of the family's income at the very time when they are also dealing with school discipline.    You mentioned the Double Dip Elimination Act, which pertains to Unemployment Insurance and Disability Insurance, and I have significant concerns about that piece of legislation as well.    First, Social Security's disability programs contain strong work supports and incentives for those who may be able to return to work. And so people who receive Social Security disability benefits are permitted and, in fact, encouraged to work. As a result, they can experience job loss. It can end up resulting in Unemployment Insurance eligibility.    And what we really don't want to do here is to take a step backwards and to create work disincentives for disabled worker beneficiaries who, I think, on a bipartisan basis, we all want to work together to encourage and support in returning to work if they are able.    There are other reasons I have detailed in my written testimony of why I am concerned about that bill as well.    And, finally, I would mention the CUFF Act, which came up previously. And while the Social Security Act appropriately prohibits individuals who are fleeing to avoid law enforcement from receiving Social Security or SSI benefits, it is important to keep in mind that the previous SSA policy of terminating benefits anytime they had a match with a database that revealed an outstanding warrant had significant problems in its approach.    First, SSA frequently suspended or denied benefits in cases where warrants were so old that the law enforcement entity had no intention of pursuing them anymore, decades-old warrants.    Second of all, there were frequent cases of mistaken identity because of unreliability of criminal records databases.    So, for example, Rosa Martinez, a 52-year-old disabled woman, in 2008 was notified that she would lose her disability benefits because of a 1980 arrest warrant for a drug offense in Miami, Florida. Now, it came to light that Ms. Martinez had never been arrested in her life, had never used illegal drugs, and had never even been to Miami.    These are the kinds of people whose lives would be negatively impacted by returning to the overbroad policy that SSA rightfully reversed subsequent to the court decisions that the IG mentioned.    Mr. LEWIS. Thank you very much for your response.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Meehan, you are recognized.    Mr. MEEHAN. I thank the chairman.    And I thank all of the panelists for their attention to this issue.    I mean, obviously, the safety nets are there for a purpose. And so our objective is not to just indiscriminately go across the ground, so to speak, and try to disrupt where it is appropriate.    But you have each given very telling testimony about just, really, frankly, remarkable inefficiencies in the way we share data and otherwise allow people to utilize the system in a way. I hesitate to use the word ``manipulate'' because we do know there are some people that may be caught in unemployment, employment.    But there is also a lot of people that take advantage of the system, the earned income tax credit being filed at one point in time and then later filing for unemployment benefits. So we have examples in which there are two separate documents filed to the same agencies that are by their very nature competing with each other.    Ms. Rohlman, you are in the private sector, and a lot of what I am hearing here is the inefficiency or inability for databases to talk to each other. What should we be doing better?    Because in the private sector I am amazed at how quickly information changes. All I have to do is do a search on something and now I have companies coming to me trying to sell me products because I have looked at something. And people are making evaluations while I am using a credit card. They are looking at databases.    What's missing in our system that we are so incapable?    Ms. ROHLMAN. So I would say again that the ability to use commercial databases and to share data between those--there is no question the value of data matching and data sharing. Again, the privacy laws in some cases that have been referred to are already prohibiting that sharing between the databases.    Mr. MEEHAN. What about the privacy laws? What is there that needs to be fixed in that that could allow us to catch appropriate protection for people's privacy, but identify those who are acting fraudulently?    Ms. ROHLMAN. I can share what I am aware of. We did hear this, again, from the Department of Labor, we heard this from Treasury, Department of Labor as it relates specifically to UI, Treasury as it related to the Do Not Pay, and SSA as it refers to our agreement with SSA that we are in every day.    There is a statutory provision that does not allow them to share with the commercial database specifically for the batch matching with SSA. I know that there is something in their 2016 budget which will help to revise that. So certainly looking at that would be the first thing I would do.    The DOL and Do Not Pay--I mention Do Not Pay only because, again, their first efforts were around UI integrity. We did engage with Do Not Pay, Treasury, the Federal Reserve Bank, St. Louis and Kansas City. We had initial matching going back and forth.    We were in production with two States, Utah and Arizona. It had to be stopped because they were not allowed to share between the State and the Federal Government. The law governing Do Not Pay, for example, only allowed them to share with Federal agencies. So it did not allow them to work with the state agencies and share the data that we----    Mr. MEEHAN. Notwithstanding that many of these programs are Federal programs that are operated through the States. So the State's acting as an agent for the Federal Government in many of these or at least working as a supplementary source. So they are complementing each other. But many are working simultaneously already.    Ms. ROHLMAN. Correct. So the UI program, again, as it was written in the Do Not Pay--and we did hear the same thing from Department of Labor--there is a provision that--again, I am outside my area of expertise because of the law in this case, but they continued to say repeatedly it was a statutory provision not allowing them to share data between the States and the Federal agency and it was related to the Privacy Act.    Mr. MEEHAN. Well, this issue alone--Mr. O'Carroll, Mr. Bertoni, others, do you have any comments that would supplement that or any observations in this area?    Mr. BERTONI. I would say there is no blanket answer. I would think you would have to look at each individual desire to match databases with the circumstances and the laws associated with it.    A good example is the Death Master File. Right now Social Security Administration, per law, in the Social Security Act, there is a little line in there that says, if it is data that is reported from the States, it comes from state vital statistics agencies, SSA is prohibited from sharing that information with everyone but seven or eight Federal benefit-paying agencies.    So if you are not a Federal benefit-paying agency, you can't get that state information. DEA for drug enforcement purposes, Department of Homeland Security for other purposes, can't get the full death data. They have to get an abbreviated file.    So, again, on an individual fact basis, you are going to run into these quirks in the law that prevent full interface.    Mr. O'CARROLL. Congressman, one of the things you were talking about was the earned income tax credits as an example.    Just to give you an example of where computer matching would help, you have the Department of Treasury that sends out the check for the earned income tax credit, which is the same one that is sending out the benefit checks for Social Security on it, and they don't match the two. And when----    Mr. MEEHAN. So within their own database they should be running that check as a first kind of screen against----    Mr. O'CARROLL. But, again, since it is two benefit programs, they are not allowed to match on that one. It gets very complicated.    Another one is that Department of Labor can be giving government unemployment benefits to a person and then SSA at the same time will be giving them disability payments on it where the two agencies aren't matching again.    Mr. MEEHAN. Well, it appears there are certainly a lot of windows.    I appreciate your testimony in this area and your observations built out of your experience. It is very important for us to be able to find the ways to alleviate this.    Thank you    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Davis, you are recognized.    Mr. DAVIS. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, let me thank you and the ranking member for calling this hearing.    You know, I grew up during an era when people put a great deal of emphasis on the notion that an ounce of prevention was worth much more than a pound of cure and that, if you could prevent things from happening, then, of course, you would experience the benefit of that.    Mr. O'Carroll and Mr. Bertoni, both of you have been engaged in this effort to ferret out what we call waste, fraud, and abuse for quite some time.    In your experiences, what have you found the most? Has it been waste? Has it been fraud? Has it been abuse that you could just categorize?    Mr. O'CARROLL. Congressman Davis, I will take a first crack at that.    Yes. We have improper payments, and a big portion of improper payments can be accidental, can be because of laws, rules, whatever, that makes that money go out before it is validated. And then, you know, it is very difficult to bring back.    Our biggest concern and one of the things that we have been trying to do is to assess what part is fraud and what part is just straight improper payment, accidental, intentional, or whatever. It is very difficult.    And Chairman Johnson on the Subcommittee for Social Security has asked us to try to size the amount of fraud in SSA, and we have taken attempts for it. It is very difficult. We are in the process of doing it now. We would be one of the first government agencies to do it because it is so difficult to show.    I guess the one thing I try to remind everybody is, although fraud is a very small percentage of the improper payments, when you are dealing with billions of dollars in terms of payments, it is still a very high number and it outrages the public.    Mr. BERTONI. In terms of fraud, historically, in trying to define it, I think even SSA defines it very narrowly. It is only after it has been pursued and conviction has been obtained. That is fraud.    But the funnel starts very large. There is the allegation. There is some sifting through the information. Cases go out. Others stay. The funnel keeps narrowing down to what is suspected fraud. It is picked up by a justice. It is prosecuted. That is fraud.    But that larger funnel is sort of the waste and the abuse where things start. I believe there is a lot more of the waste and a lot more abuse. If the agency is supposed to be doing something and if they don't and it results in an overpayment situation or wasted Federal dollars, that is waste.    If a recipient who is supposed to be reporting their work activities, their wages, a change in their wages, their resources, they know the program rules, they don't and they do that consistently or egregiously multiple times, now we are getting down to abuse.    So, in my view, I think this funnel includes all of it, fraud, waste, and abuse. And I do believe the waste and abuse factor is larger than a lot of folks want to admit.    Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Eysink, I am going to ask you. What has been the most effective in the State of Louisiana in your experiences?    Mr. EYSINK. I think having people show up is what has been most effective for us. But I think that there are a couple of other things, too. And I agree entirely with the description of what is fraud, waste and abuse.    There are two sources of improper payments. One is clearly as a result of errors and, therefore, is wasteful. And that is when employers who pay all of the UI taxes don't report timely or comprehensively to requests for information so that we can accurately adjudicate those claims. We have to do a better job of training our adjudicators, but employers hold the biggest key to solving that issue, and that is wasteful.    Abuse. It is the law that, when somebody who is receiving benefits goes back to work, once they start earning, they are not eligible anymore. But, in their mind, they translate that often into the fact that they hadn't received their first paycheck yet. So they still try to claim for the first week or two that they worked before they got their first check.    No question about whether that is fraud or abuse. Did they really know, had they been through that before, you know, and so forth. And then there is obviously fraud where people just out and out set out to get money that they are not due and they know that.    In the abuse case, employers hold the key to that, too, and that is reporting to state and national directors of new hires as soon as they hire somebody and give us the start date through those databases so we can crossmatch. But those are bigger leakages of money out of the system than fraud.    Mr. DAVIS. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired. So I yield back.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    I go next to Mr. Smith. You are recognized.    Mr. SMITH. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here today for your testimony.    I want to focus my remarks on the Unemployment Insurance because this program provides cash benefits for people in the State of Missouri through the payroll taxes.    In the fiscal year 2014, the improper payment rate was 11.6 percent. It included $5.6 billion. To me, that is completely unacceptable and very awful.    I think about it from the perspective that, if I went to McDonald's and ordered an extra value meal, I would have over a 10 percent chance of having an incorrect order. Or if I went to my local bank and wanted to deposit my funds or to withdraw some funds, what if the bank was wrong more than 10 percent of the time in the amount that they gave me or the amount that they took out of my account? That would be completely unacceptable.    What do you think Members of Congress would think whenever they received their check every month that it was 10 percent less than what they were expecting? Or what about any, any, individual working from day to day on their paycheck got 10 percent less?    The American people don't accept this and it is just not absolutely right. It is unacceptable. When you look at more than $200 billion of Federal money being inappropriately or fraudulently spent, that is a problem.    The Department of Labor has set a goal of reducing their annual and proper payment rate from 11.6 percent to 11.3 for 2015.    Ms. Rohlman, do you think that is good enough?    Ms. ROHLMAN. I would say that Department of Labor is working diligently to combat fraud. I think there are a couple of small things that could be done I mention in my testimony that could have a dramatic impact.    First of all, again, I mention about the reporting system, again, the weekly breakdown of data. If, in fact, States were encouraged by the Department of Labor to provide weekly reporting, it would help. Today there are only 14 States who provide weekly breakdown of data. It may be on a quarterly basis, but it at least comes back weekly. So it does help the employers.    Another thing that could be done from a small process perspective is relaxation of the rules about the format for wage audits and those verification forms. Today it is a requirement in most States to have a Sunday to Saturday reporting back to the UI agency. And, in fact, that is very outdated logic, actually.    Our data shows that there are between 20 and 30 percent of employers who report weekly, but it may not necessarily be Sunday, Saturday. It may be Monday, Sunday or it may be et cetera. And the traditional formats for employers are semimonthly and they are biweekly. We find that about two-thirds of employers are reporting that way.    So if there was just a tweak, which was allowed to use the data that is available and then only process those or send to investigation those where there is a dramatic difference in the data matching that is seen in UI reporting, it would make much more efficient use of the process and of investigator resources. And we strongly believe it would reduce improper payments.    Mr. SMITH. So you think just relaxing the rules, what you said, basically, modifying it, which is in the power of the Department of Labor, would probably reduce improper payments by how much?    Ms. ROHLMAN. I don't have an exact number, sir. But if Department of Labor allowed that direction to the States and let them slow that down and say, ``You can relax these rules,'' we definitely believe that compliance would go up.    It would allow more time to provide the benefits to those who deserve them, but then also to focus on those where there may, in fact, be a discrepancy.    Mr. SMITH. Mr. Eysink, would you respond to that.    Mr. EYSINK. Yes, Congressman. First, I want to point out that all improper payments are not fraud and that improper payments can occur when everybody is acting in good faith, and often they do.    For instance, there could be a decision made in adjudication to award Unemployment Insurance claims and later on during the process, after the claimant has started to receive benefits, those awards are overturned for--as I say, in cases where there is just a difference of opinion on how the facts should be applied to that case.    Also, many of these improper payments are recovered. We and, I think, nearly all States, if not all States now, recover or seize overpayments from tax refunds, both State and Federal, and we recover millions of dollars that way every year.    Mr. SMITH. Let me ask you a quick question, then. The $5.6 billion that is used as improper payments in 2014, would that mean that there was actually, in fact, more improper payments above $5.6 billion and they factored in the money that they did recover or is the recovered amount included in the $5.6 billion?    Mr. EYSINK. The recovered amounts are not included in the numbers reported for States and what their improper payments are. So I doubt that they are included in that $5.6 million, but I can't tell you for sure.    Mr. SMITH. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Next we go to Mr. Crowley. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the panelists for your testimony today. And I also want to thank the previous panel made up of Members of the House. I appreciate the interest and engagement on these issues.    The hearing announcement is described as--and I quote--``Protecting the Safety Net from Waste, Fraud, and Abuse.'' And I appreciate very much, Mr. Chairman, the titling of the hearing today.    I think these are all noble goals. I don't think any of us, whether Democrat or Republican, wants to see waste, fraud, and abuse taking place in crucial social programs like Supplemental Security Income or Unemployment Insurance.    Frankly, I would like to see more hearings begin with protecting the safety net. Maybe we can start by protecting it from budget cuts and sequestration to start.    But back to waste, fraud, and abuse, as I said, this is something that we all, if we don't agree on, we all certainly should agree on. But how we approach this problem makes an important difference. For example, look at Social Security. The Social Security inspector general's office of investigations supports the front line investigators fighting Social Security fraud. But in 3 of the past 5 years, the majority has cut the inspector general's budget. That means we lost experienced investigators and now have fewer people helping to fight fraud than we did 5 years ago.    In other cases, programs haven't been updated as needed, which would reduce the rate of overpayments. So in some ways, we are limiting our ability to fight fraud and abuse. Beyond that, I want to make sure we all understand what we are talking about when we say fraud and abuse. Not every overpayment is fraud. And not every unusual circumstance is abuse. These are important programs that can make the difference between supporting a family and falling further behind in poverty. These benefits are needed and not enjoyed. They are appreciated, not savored. Somehow, over the years, there has become this legend of people who would rather receive unemployment benefits than work, that somehow they are content to live happily off these government funds without facing any hardship. These kinds of myths do a disservice to the hard-working Americans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own and rely on these funds to make ends meet. Ms. Vallas, let me ask you to clarify, what is the average unemployment benefit per month?    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you for the question, Congressman. The average weekly unemployment benefit at the end of 2014 was $317, which comes to $1,268 per month.    Mr. CROWLEY. And what is the Federal poverty level for a family of three?    Ms. VALLAS. For a family of three, the Federal poverty level in 2014, so we can compare apples to apples, was $1,649 per month.    Mr. CROWLEY. So, in other words, the unemployment benefits don't even keep a family above the poverty level, is that correct?    Ms. VALLAS. That is exactly right. That is the case for many families unfortunately.    Mr. CROWLEY. So all these mythical people who are abusing the program, who are gaming the system and committing fraud, which is an actual crime with actual penalties, they are still not even meeting the basic poverty level, is that correct?    Ms. VALLAS. That is correct, Congressman.    Mr. CROWLEY. What about disability insurance? How much of a windfall is that? How much per month?    Ms. VALLAS. The average, well, I should say, first, for the typical worker, a DI benefit replaces less than half of their previous earnings. So for most folks, it really is a significant drop in their standard of living. The average DI benefit in this year, 2015, is $1,165 per month, which is just over the Federal poverty level for an individual.    Mr. CROWLEY. Can you tell us more about the people who receive disability benefits? How many live in poverty even with the benefits provided by the Federal Government?    Ms. VALLAS. Even with the benefits, because they are so modest, fully 1.6 million DI beneficiaries live in poverty, that is 1 in 5 DI beneficiaries.    Mr. CROWLEY. And these are people with severe, life-changing disabilities or illnesses, is that correct?    Ms. VALLAS. That is correct.    Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you. I know some have tried to dismiss these conditions as just anxiety and backaches. And that simply isn't the case. Yes, fraud and abuse happens. Our Founding Fathers recognized the propensity in human nature. And we should make sure we are giving our agencies the tools they need and have asked for to fight real incidents of fraud and abuse and I would also add waste. I just want to make sure that we all understand this. Because as we focus on reducing real fraud and abuse, let's make sure we are not putting additional hurdles in the way of benefiting the people who need these benefits to help them survive.    Going back to my initial statement about protecting the safety net, that is also critical, protecting the safety net, while at the same time addressing and going after those who would abuse it, going after those who would commit fraud. They need to be fully prosecuted to the full extent of the law. But not losing sight of the millions of individuals and their families who rely upon this to eke by, not to get rich off the Government, but to simply make ends meet if they can possibly do that. They certainly can't do that in Woodside, Queens on this level of payment. So with that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentlemen. Mr. Dold, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I certainly want to thank all of our witnesses for coming and for your testimony today. And really the topic that we are talking about, I am going to agree with Mr. Crowley, in talking about protecting the safety net, that is a goal that we all share. And, frankly, when we look at the abuse, when we look at the fraud that happens out there, the people that it hurts the most are the folks that need the safety net the most. And ultimately, I think what we want is we want confidence, we want confidence in the system, that it is going to work, that the Government is actually out there working. And when we have the, what we are looking at is billions of dollars in terms of just payments, improper payments paid out, Mr. Smith was talking about, it is about 10 percent, 9.2 percent for SSI and 11.6 percent for UI. He is talking about a McDonalds on this thing. I would talk about it as if you are driving a car and you know, 1 in 10 doesn't work or is recalled, we are going to have a big problem. And so I recognize that some of these overpayments or mispayments can be rectified. My hope is, is that we do, that we root out this waste, fraud, and abuse. What I am really looking for from each and every one of you, from your subject matter expertise, is what can we do? We want to come up with solutions to these problems so that this number gets as close to zero as possible, so that we can end waste, fraud, and abuse.    And, certainly, Ms. Rohlman, your idea about trying to make sure that the government is accepting the private sector data in a way that it is easy for them to do it makes all the sense in the world. Many of you who were here to listen to the first panel that had a number of pieces of legislation. Ms. Vallas, you talked a little bit about some concerns that you had. But I would be interested from all of you, in terms of the five different pieces of legislation, from permanently ending receipt by prisoners or the PERP Act, The Furloughed Federal Employee Double Dip Elimination Act, the School Attendance Improves Lives Act, the Flexibility to Promote Reemployment Act, and the Control Unlawful Fugitive Felons. Of these, you know, which of these pieces of legislation has merit in your eyes that we should be really trying to focus and move forward? Because, today, if we come and you talk and we don't have an action item going forward about how to really solve these problems in a bipartisan way, then it was really more of a waste of time. And that is not what we are looking to do. We need to solve some problems.    Mr. O'Carroll, we can start with you? Are there some merit in some of the pieces of legislation that you look at? Can you pick your top two or three that you think may be worthy of moving forward?    Mr. O'CARROLL. Yes, Congressman. As was mentioned before, is that we are in favor of, you know the CUFF Act, we assisted on that. One of the things that I wanted to correct, too, was when I was asked by Congresswoman Noem on the dollars of it, was that at the time of 2009, when they kicked in with Martinez, there was about $500 million in savings on it. And since that act, it has been reduced by about two-thirds of that. I just wanted to correct what I had said before and my numbers on that. Anyway, in terms of the other acts, the Fraud Act is one that we are particularly interested in because it is going after the facilitators, it is going after those people that make a business out of stealing money from the Government and facilitating other people to do it, and making sure that, you know, one, when they are caught, they are going to be sentenced correctly, and, two, that the money is going to be brought back to the Government. So of all the acts, that and the CUFF Act would be the two I am most familiar with.    Mr. DOLD. Okay. Mr. Bertoni.    Mr. BERTONI. I would defer. I don't think we have done enough analysis to endorse or really weigh in on much. I would say that what the Congress can do is do what you are doing. I think your oversight role, to hold agencies accountable for doing what they said they were going to do. Certainly the appropriations process, you can direct funds to areas of greatest vulnerability. We have looked at the CDR process. We have given the agency some direction as to how they can mine that data and to work certain subpopulations of the data that would give them a significant return on the investment.    You have already done that with age-18 redeterminations and low-weight babies. The return on investment, the cessation rate there is 52 percent and 60 percent, respectively. We have put some other subpopulations on the table. A speech and language delay for children, 38 percent return on investment for CDRs. Mood disorders, 39 percent investment.    So there are ways that you can through the appropriations process target funds to specific areas where the agency can be more effective in their reviews. And by removing some of these cases, the program can become less costly. You can also remove a lot of these children from the roles that could benefit from being in a different track, not labeled as being Special Ed, just mainstream them and getting them the supports they need to be successful. So I think there is opportunities in your role to direct the agency to areas where they can be most effective.    Mr. DOLD. Thank you. Mr. Eysink.    Mr. EYSINK. Thank you. As with any good idea, I wish I had had it before the person really had it. I think both the name, to call it the PERP Act, I think that is great. In Louisiana, we prevent people from getting hunting and fishing licenses if they have defrauded our UI system. So anything that gets to people to what they want to do, that is going to, you know, what their passion is, if we put a barrier and the barrier is paying what they owe before they can go do what they want to do, I think that would be helpful. I think continuing to push forward with the development of the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence, which is being stood up now, I think that is very important, particularly as we get to the new frontier of fraud schemes that are much more sophisticated, and requiring collaboration amongst the States, all of the States, the Federal Government, and all of its agencies that are relevant to these particular programs.    And then another big thing I think, you know, we have spoken and there was some very good questions about the difficulty in interfacing with different databases. There are databases that all of the States should be able to easily interface with. It doesn't make sense to me that all 50 States need to go develop their own contract, if it is a commercial database, or their own particular little interface, if it is a Federal database that we all should be connecting with. So I would advocate for the Department of Labor to get information from States on what those databases should be and to develop a single interface with that entity so that we are all connecting the same way. And maybe that could be made available through existing means that now, maybe through the National Association of State Workforce Agencies which operate some of those tools on behalf of all States and the Federal Government. There might be easier ways to actually connect these databases together.    Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chairman, I know I am out of time but I just don't want to let----    Chairman BOUSTANY. Yes, briefly.    Ms. ROHLMAN. Briefly, I would start with the Reemployment Act. I think that that begins to build the integrity from one end to the other of the process. And then continuing with the UI New York Center of Excellence and, again, helping that to define the processes and those databases that would help all the States, again, from one central location makes complete sense.    Mr. DOLD. Ms. Vallas.    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you, Congressman. I would begin with Mr. Becerra and Mr. Doggett's Social Security Fraud and Error Prevention Act. CAP fully supports this bill which appropriately heightens the penalties for fraud, puts special fraud-fighting units in all 50 States, and targets bad apples without ensnaring law abiding applicants and beneficiaries. Importantly, it also provides SSA with the critical administrative funding that it needs to do important program integrity work such as CDRs and processing work reports which, I mentioned, are now currently suffering significant delays, which I think really is crucial to the bipartisan goal of rooting out fraud and abuse to the extent possible.    Mr. DOLD. I appreciate it. I thank you all for your testimony and appreciate it and look forward to working with you all. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Well we thank you. This concludes all questioning. I want to thank the members and our witnesses for being here today. This was outstanding testimony, very helpful to us as we try to grapple with these difficult problems. So thank you for being here. Members may have additional questions that they will submit to you. And, if so, I would ask that you try to get answers back within 2 weeks so we can complete the record. With that, the subcommittee stands adjourned.