    Mr. Long. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Secretary Moniz. It is always a pleasure to see you here and hear from you. You kind of brighten my day when you come in and talk to us, so thank you.    One of the----    Mr. Long . New projects announced at the Paris climate conference is the Mission Innovation program. Now, I am taking my family down to Disney World later this month, and if I saw a ride there, Mission Innovation, it would not surprise me because that sounds like something you would ride at Disney World. But this involves the U.S. and 19 other countries. A key component of the program is the Breakthrough Energy Coalition, which is a group of international private capital investors.    Could you expand on how this investment coalition is comprised and what the level of involvement is or cooperation between the Department of Energy and this breakthrough group?    Mr. Long. That was part of my next question, is do you have any concerns that these private investors are gaining an advantage or an upper hand through special treatment from the Department of Energy's clean energy program.    Mr. Long. So at what point is this available to the public, I mean, these findings or whatever you want to call it?    Mr. Long. So they are going to be private investors working with the Department of Energy to come up----    Mr. Long. So you wouldn't feel that it would give them an advantage?    Mr. Long. So that is a no, I take it. You don't think that it would give them an advantage.    I am just thinking that if they are involved from day one and the way things develop----    Mr. Long. OK.    Mr. Long. You mention in your testimony that the budget request takes steps to implement recommendations from the first installment of the 2015 Quadrennial Energy Review.    Which recommendations are you referring to in your report there? And what is the timeframe for implementing the recommendations from the QER?    Mr. Long. OK. Could you maybe summarize that or get me, like, bullet----    Mr. Long . Points or something to give that to my staff? Because I do have----    Mr. Long. OK.    Mr. Long. We have 8 seconds till liftoff, so we had better--if you can get it to me later, I would appreciate it.    And, like I said, it is a pleasure to have you in here. Thank you for being here.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.