    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Madam Chair. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your service and for being here today.    I want to turn again to the issue of China and after President Obama and President Xi met in Washington on the 31st of March, the two leaders affirmed cyber commitments that were announced in September 2015 and agreed to ensure their full implementation. Five days after that, Admiral Rogers, the commander of the U.S. Cyber Command, testified to Congress that, and I quote, ``Cyber operations from China are still targeting and exploiting the U.S. Government, defense industry, academic and private computer networks.''    So my first question is, are you aware of cases in which the Chinese Government may have supported cyber-enabled theft of intellectual property from U.S. targets since the announcement in September 2015 and how is the State Department, in conjunction with the rest of the U.S. Government, addressing these challenges?    Mr. Cicilline. But that is not my question. Has there--are you----    Mr. Cicilline. Great. Thank you.    Next I'd like to turn to the issue of North Korea. In the wake of North Korea's recent nuclear weapons test and satellite launch, South Korean society has begun to reengage in the debate about developing its own nuclear weapons capability, even though, of course, Seoul relies on the U.S. nuclear umbrella. And I'd like to know whether you think there's support within the Korean Government for developing a nuclear capability and over the long term what should the United States' response be to this development?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you.    And finally, Mr. Blinken, I'd like to turn to Malaysia. As you know well, there was significant concern about the upgrade of Malaysia to the Tier II watch list and I wondered if you could just speak a little bit to what progress Malaysia has made, particularly in the area of combating human trafficking, but in human rights as well as human trafficking since that time and whether or not we should--I mean, what progress has been made? I think you're aware of the controversy that is surrounding that change in their classification.    Mr. Cicilline. Well, can I just ask with respect to the implementation of one of the biggest issues then, virtually no prosecutions.    Mr. Cicilline. So have you seen any progress on that? Enacting--it is one thing to enact and begin to implement but if it is not enforced it is sort of meaningless. Have you seen any progress on actual prosecutions?    Mr. Cicilline. Great. I appreciate it so much.    Thank you, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.