    Ms. Martynick. Thank you. Chairman Thompson and Members of the Subcommittee, my name is Karen Martynick, and I am the Executive Director of Lancaster Farmland Trust, a not-for-profit land trust located in Lancaster County in Pennsylvania, the home state of the Chairman.    It is an honor to testify before you today on the Agricultural Conservation Easement Program, or ACEP, and share with you the perspective of a land trust that has utilized both the farm and ranchland protection program and ACEP.    Lancaster County, Pennsylvania is known as the garden spot of the United States. Just a few miles west of Philadelphia, Lancaster County ranks 15th in the nation in agricultural production. It has the most productive non-irrigated soils in the country. The county's 5,700 farms, 99 percent of which are family owned, contribute $6 billion to the economy each year.    Lancaster County is also a leader in farmland preservation. In 2013, the county became the first county in the country to preserve 100,000 acres of farmland, a remarkable accomplishment when you consider the fact that the average size farm is just 78 acres. Today, there are more that 1,300 preserved farms in Lancaster County, farms that have been preserved utilizing public and private funds.    My comments today are intended to make ACEP as good as it can be. We are deeply appreciative of the work of NRCS staff and this Committee and the partnership we have with them to carry out the goals of ACEP. It is a great step forward, and we think that working together, we can make it even better.    First and foremost, the program must follow the statute. Much work went into making ACEP a new and improved FRPP. However, the rule does not always reflect the language or intent of the statute.    The program should not be overly complicated. Rules and procedures that micro-manage the work of land trusts will make them reluctant to participate. Land trusts have vast experience in protecting natural resources, and the rules should recognize and reflect that experience.    The program must be clear and concise. Decisions must be received in a timely fashion. Our experience with FRPP is that a project could take as long as 2 years to complete, while a project using other government funds can be completed in 6 months or less. Let me give you some specifics.    On the minimum deed terms: There is a contradiction between the statute and the final interim rule on the issue of minimum deed terms. The statute states that a, ``eligible entity shall be authorized to use its own terms and conditions for agricultural land easement so long as the Secretary determines such terms and conditions meet their conditions.''    While this clearly gives eligible entities the ability to use their own language, the interim final rule on ACEP states that eligible entities, ``must use the NRCS required minimum deed terms specified therein.'' This will force Lancaster Farmland Trust, for instance, to use language that does not necessarily fit its program and does not recognize the special characteristics of Lancaster County.    Appraisal reviews: If you ask any land trust what causes the most delays, they would most likely say it is the appraisal review process. Lancaster Farmland Trust works only with certified appraisers. With 1,300 preserved farms in Lancaster County, the appraisers have a wealth of experience determining the value of conservation easements. When we submit an appraisal for review by NRCS, it can take months to get comments back. The reviewers are from other parts of the country and have little knowledge of Lancaster County.    One way to save time would be to stop requiring the reviewers to establish value on a property he has never visited and in an area with which he is not familiar. The reviewer should be charged with determining if the appraisal was done by a certified appraiser and if that appraisal meets all the required criteria. This would save a great deal of time.    Eligible entity certification: The certification is critical to streamlining the ACEP process; however, the terms necessary to achieve certification may be too onerous for land trusts to participate. The manual states that NRCS may require the entity to return any financial assistance provided by NRCS for easements that fail a quality assurance review. However, the manual does not provide criteria for quality assurance review. This provision prevents sufficient financial risk for a land trust like Lancaster Farmland Trust, and we would be unlikely to apply for certification because of that.    Clearly defining the standard about when such a nuclear option would occur would be absolutely necessary for land trusts to participate. These are just three examples of ways in which the interim final rule for the Agricultural Conservation Easement Program could be improved or could be clarified. I have included additional information in the written testimony I submitted.    On behalf of Lancaster Farmland Trust, I thank you for your time this morning and your consideration of my comments. The land trust community is committed to protecting the country's working lands and stands ready to assist NRCS in determining and implementing improvements for the Agricultural Conservation Easement Program. I appreciate your interest and am happy to take any questions you have. Thank you.    Ms. Martynick. Well, there are a number of reasons. The first and foremost, I would say it is the--how long it takes to get answers to any questions. Our experience with FRPP, and obviously ACEP has improved a lot of this, but ACEP still has some of the same issues that there is enough that is unclear that you have to constantly go back and forth with NRCS to make sure that you are doing the right thing.    And there are a lot of things that need to be reviewed, there are a lot of documents that need to be reviewed and sometimes reviewed more than once, and it just takes a long time to do that. I highlighted the issue of the appraisal reviews. That takes months and months to get an appraisal review.    In a county and state program, that is not necessary as long as the appraiser is certified, because after all, they have to meet certain standards in order to be certified, so as long as the appraiser is certified, they are looking at the appraisal more quickly and getting and turning that back to the land trust or the county agency more quickly.    It is every step of the way there, it is a belt-and-suspenders thing in every step, so it just takes longer to get the answers. Sometimes it takes too long to get the answers, or takes longer to get the answers, how do we do something, and then it takes a long time when things have to be reviewed. I think that is probably what takes the most time.    The Chairman. I wanted to follow up, and you had made reference to a comparison between the previous authority that we had for easements and what we did within the farm bill, and there were a number of changes made in them in the 2008, 2014 Farm Bill to the easement programs. The creation of the consolidated Agricultural Conservation Easement Program, or ACEP, was done with the intention of providing flexibility and streamlining delivery of the program. Is the Lancaster Farmland Trust more or less inclined to participate in ACEP compared to the FRPP program?    Ms. Martynick. I think that the ACEP program has cleared up a lot of the issues that we had with FRPP, and hopefully, as we move forward, we have two projects pending currently, so we are kind of feeling our way at this point, but we definitely can see the difference between this and FRPP, although there were some things in the ACEP program, things that we thought were going to be there that have turned out not to be there, at least in terms of the interim rule that has been issued by NRCS. I pointed out one major one, which is the minimum deed terms.    If you look at a place like Lancaster County, we work mostly with Amish farmers. It is a very specific constituency. Lancaster County is a unique place in many ways. It is really necessary, in order for us to effectively use the program, to be able to use our language, and as long as our language meets the minimum standard of NRCS, it just works out so much better for us if we don't have to use the language provided to us by     When we have to use the language provided by NRCS, we do a lot of workarounds, and that doesn't make the easement any stronger. It certainly doesn't make the process any shorter, and proving that our language is just as effective and being able to utilize that language would help a great deal.    The Chairman. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Inglis, there is a lot of interest, obviously, of this Committee, the full Agriculture Committee on pollinators, given the current state of pollinators, and anyone who likes growing food, pollinators play a pretty important role. And you had mentioned that in both your written and verbal testimony, so I wanted to follow up. Can you talk a little more about how the Pheasants Forever is working in this area and some of your suggestions in how we can improve pollinator habitat?