    Ms. Self. Thank you. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky and Members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear today to discuss patent demand letters. My name is Laurie Self, and I am Vice President and Counsel, Government Affairs for Qualcomm. Qualcomm is a member of the Innovation Alliance, a coalition of research and development focused companies that believe in the critical importance of maintaining a strong patent system.    Qualcomm is a major innovator in the wireless communications industry, and the world's leading supplier of chipsets that enable 3G and 4G smartphones, tablets and other devices. Qualcomm's founders are the quintessential example of American inventors in the garage who build one of the world's foremost technology companies. Today, the technologies invented by our engineers help make nearly everything you do with your smartphone--help everything you do with your smartphone, from browsing the internet, to sharing videos, to using GPS navigation. We are an invention hub for the mobile age, having spent more than $34 billion on R and D since the company was founded in 1985. Through the broad licensing of our patented technologies, Qualcomm has helped foster a thriving mobile industry that accounts for more than one million jobs, and $548 billion of U.S. gross domestic product. Qualcomm itself has more than 31,000 employees, the vast majority of whom are engineers based in the United States.    It is worth noting that Qualcomm is not a plaintiff in any pending patent litigation, but we are a defendant in several patent infringement law suits, some of which were brought by so-called patent assertion entities. However, I am not here to criticize or defend PAEs, but instead to address what we believe should be the proper focus of any patent demand letter legislation; namely, targeting abusive demand letter activities without unintentionally damaging important patent rights.    Notice letters play an important role in the patent system for both patent holders and accused infringers. Patent law encourages, and sometimes requires patent holders to take reasonable steps to notify others of possible infringement. Meaningful patent protection including the ability to provide notice is a key factor for companies like Qualcomm in deciding whether to invest in new products and technologies. Qualcomm appreciates the committee's interest in curtailing abusive demand letter activities. At the same time, we urge the committee to be cautious so as to not inadvertently hinder legitimate patent enforcement practices. A demand letter law that makes patent notification or enforcement too burdensome, too costly or too risky may deter appropriate notice activity. If valid patent owners are afraid to seek compensation for use of their inventions, the whole patent-based system of incentivizing innovation is undermined.    Qualcomm supports the Demand Letter Bill that passed this committee in July 2014, the Targeting Rogue and Opaque Letters Act. The TROL Act includes several key features that are necessary to strike the appropriate balance. First, the bill clarifies rather than expands the FTC's existing authority under Section 5 to address abusive demand letters.    Second, the bill is limited to situations in which the sender has engaged in a pattern or practice of mailing bad faith demand letters to consumers. The pattern or practice requirement appropriately targets the mass mailing of deceptive demand letters, and it is consistent with the FTC's Section 5 authority. An explicit bad faith requirement is necessary to protect patent holders' constitutional rights. Patent property rights are rooted in Article I of the Constitution, and the First Amendment provides strong protections for patent demand letters. As courts across the country have recognized, pre-law suit communications implicate both the freedom of speech and the constitutional right to petition the Government. To conform with the constitution, legislation must avoid punishing patent holders for good faith conduct. By clarifying the FTC's enforcement authority under Section 5, the bill is limited to communications sent to consumers, including mom and pop retailers, which protects those most vulnerable to abusive demand letters, while reducing the risk that the FTC will be drawn into business-to-business disputes.    Third, the bill clearly describes the conduct that will be considered unfair and deceptive, and does not impose overly burdensome disclosure requirements.    Fourth, the bill preempts State demand letter laws that allow State attorneys general to bring enforcement actions under the Federal statute.    With nearly 20 State legislatures having passed such bills over the past 2 years, and another dozen considering such a bill now, it would be extremely burdensome to subject patent owners to a patchwork of different demand letter requirements in every State. Preemption is appropriate and necessary in the demand letter context because unlike the TROL Act, many of these State demand letter laws are overly broad in scope, highly burdensome to patent owners, and risk penalizing ordinary commercial and pre-litigation communications, which are protected under the First Amendment.    These four features are critical to Qualcomm's support, and we urge the committee to retain these requirements and limitations in the bill. Qualcomm looks forward to working with the committee in its efforts to achieve a balanced and narrowed-tailored bill.    Thank you for allowing me to testify today, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Self. I think the concept of bad faith is critical in the patent demand letter context because it prevents the use of antitrust or Section 5 enforcement authority in a manner that would violate the patent owner's constitutional rights, and as has been said, those rights include First Amendment rights of free speech, rights to petition, but also the right to communicate about your patent is fundamental to your ability to enforce your patent.    If you think about how patent owners sort of alert the world to the fact that they have a patented invention, and this has been true from the first, you know, the first days of our patent system, you make a public disclosure of the patent application as kind of a quid pro quo, if you will, for the right to enforce your patent, but your ability to enforce your patent is dependent on communication. If you are stifled in your ability to communicate about your patent, to make good faith communications about your patent, then effectively your patent is not enforceable.    So bad faith is really critical to delineate the kind of conduct that would be appropriate for FTC enforcement. And I think it is also important to send a signal to State enforcement authorities that legitimate patent demand correspondence should not be the subject of State enforcement activity or Federal enforcement activity.    So bad faith is really the cornerstone, if you will, in our ability to strike that right balance between protecting the interests of recipients who may be receiving these deceptive communications, but also supporting the vast majority of legitimate communications that are really fundamental to our innovation economy.    Ms. Self. Thank you for that question. Sorry, thank you for that question. And before I respond to that specific question, let me just say something about the preemption issue and the way the TROL Act was structured last year, at least. It did permit State attorneys general to bring enforcement actions under the Federal framework that was set out in the statute, and it would have, to your question, allowed more than one State attorney general to bring an action, assuming that the Federal Trade Commission had not already brought an action. And we thought that that was a balanced approach to the problem. The challenge that we are seeing at the State level with nearly 20 laws that have passed, and another dozen or so that are pending, is that you are seeing a patchwork, if you will, of demand letter laws that all include different standards, different penalties. Some are very broad in scope. They don't clearly delineate the kind of activity that would fall within the demand letter. Sixteen out of eighteen would include a private cause of action. And, you know, to the point that was made about enterprising lawyers, I think it is inevitable that you will see a cottage industry evolve around harassing inventors under these laws. So the preemption language of the bill is really critical to make sure that you have a nationwide uniform framework that provides consumers, recipients with the guidance they need to understand what is deceptive behavior. And again, I think the bill does a good job of delineating what is deceptive statements in the context of a demand letter, as well as required disclosures, but it also puts the millions of small inventors in this country on notice as to what is appropriate or inappropriate.    And so as we think about traditional State enforcement under unfair trade practices laws, we have to keep in mind that these are communications involving patent rights. These are rights that are rooted in the Constitution, they are dependent on the ability of the patent owner to exercise their First Amendment rights. And so this is really a very different dynamic than the normal activities that State enforcement authorities focus on.    So we think the approach of the TROL Act is really the right approach, and it protects all interests in a balanced way.    Ms. Self. Can I----    Ms. Self. Yes, and in fact, just so you know, we have actually been in conversation with the State legislatures in Texas to talk about this very issue.    Ms. Self. Let me just say that--so we do think, again, sort of following the model of the TROL Act, that there is, you know, a version of State legislation that would appropriately balance the interests of potential recipients of these letters and the very large number of small patent holders that could potentially get, you know, unintentionally get caught up in legislation of this type. I think the challenge with the--with some of these State demand letter bills that we have seen, as I said previously, over breadth in terms of capturing activity that could just be normal commercial communications, and I should say that I, with all due respect, disagree with the Professor's analysis of Noerr-Pennington. I think there is a lot of scholarship and case law that affirms that the First Amendment does extend to pre-litigation communications, particularly when you are talking about the enforcement of a property right. But again, the private cause of action that is included in the Vermont statute, and several other statutes, is really troubling. And so one of the pieces of advice that we have extended to folks in Texas is do not include a private cause of action. You are going to create far more problems than you can--are trying to solve by subjecting small inventors to harassment. And again, as with the structure of the TROL Act, to clearly delineate activity that is objectively deceptive; trying to enforce a patent that has expired, claiming you are the owner of a patent when you are not, and limiting affirmative disclosures to the kind of information that small inventors can reasonably disclose, because it is important to keep in mind that the vast majority of inventors in this country are also small businesses----    Ms. Self . And they may not have all of the information that they need to know whether, in fact, infringement is occurring, or the nature of that infringement, particularly when you are talking about negotiations or discussions with much larger product manufacturers.    So finding a balance that protects both the interests of small patent owners as well as small business owners, small end users, I should say, is really--should really be the goal in any State. And again, just to reiterate my previous context--contents--or comments, rather, sorry, we believe that the structure of the TROL Act is that right balance, and again, it would permit State attorneys general, in Texas and other States, to enforce against deceptive activity under that framework.    Ms. Self. Well, let me just say at the outset that, you know, Qualcomm, we are--we have been existence for 30 years. Today, we are a large mature company, as you said, with one of the world's largest wireless communications portfolios, but we--our roots were as a startup, you know, seven engineers, seven academics, who had what they believed was a highly effective solution to what was then viewed as an intractable problem in wireless communications. And solving that problem has allowed this mobile ecosystem to grow, and we would not have an app development community or industry without the hard work that engineers at Qualcomm and other inventive companies undertook.    So today, our--basically, our portfolio is very well known. Most--if you have a smart device, a 3G, 4G device, you use Qualcomm technology, and you--and if you are, you know, a legitimate player, you come to Qualcomm and seek a license, but that dynamic is entirely different for small inventors in this country. And I just wanted to take issue with the characterization of inventors as creating nothing, and all the hard work being done by product manufacturers. Inventors in this county are, I think responsible for the vast majority of economic growth and success that we have seen over the last 200 years, and so characterizing inventors as doing nothing simply because they don't----    Ms. Self . Manufacture a product really does disservice.    Ms. Self. Um-hum.    Ms. Self. You know, you--I mean, candidly, I am not part of our licensing team, but I--as a lawyer, I am assuming that you send a letter, you pick up the phone, you send an email communication, you initiate a conversation about the fact that you believe that the other company's products may be infringing or reading upon some aspect of your portfolio. So again----    Ms. Self . It is the communication.    Ms. Self. Thank you for that question. I, you know, it hard to point to just one piece of this bill that is, you know, the most important factor. It--the framework of the bill, I think, the four factors that I mentioned in my oral statement, the fact that it is limited to bad faith communications, the fact that it clearly delineates categories of deceptive activity as well as required disclosures, but in a way that is balanced and respectful of the rights of patent owners. The preemption issue, again, I think the combination of preemption with the authority of State attorneys general to enforce the law under the Federal framework. Those components, I think, are really critical. And I think, again, it is that framework that provides the balance and, you know, not just one particular component. So I think all of those components work together to provide an effective solution to what we, I think, all agree is a problem, but without creating unintended problems for patent owners because, you know, the other part of this calculus, if you will, is that if you make it so onerous for patent owners to enforce their rights, then they will become the target of abuse by infringers, by opportunistic lawyers who use State laws to harass them. So that is another important focus to keep in mind as we try to chart forward with the right path.    Ms. Self. Can I----    Ms. Self. Yes. I just wanted to echo part of the comments that the Professor made. First of all, the bad faith requirement, I think, is an important, you know, dividing line between legitimate communications and communications that are appropriate for FTC enforcement authority. And again, the goal, at least from our perspective, the goal here is not to expand FTC authority, it is to clarify it. But the pattern or practice component, I think does help, again, further delineate because--I have seen--we have seen at the State level proposals, for example, that any demand--any patent owner that sends 10 demand letters is, you know, automatically subject to enforcement. That is really not an appropriate approach. Pattern or practice denotes widespread communications that meet a standard of deception, and I agree that that standard will evolve through the courts. I think the TROL Act helps--is a starting point because it clearly identifies some areas where, you know, you do have clear objectively, you know, verifiable deception as well as some, you know, some minimal baseline affirmative disclosure requirements. But also the FTC authority has traditionally been limited to consumers, and that means small businesses, nonprofits, as well as individual recipients. I think that is another dividing line that helps with the problem that, I think, you have rightly laid out for us.    If large companies are receiving demand letters, that is a very different dynamic than small mom and pops, and it should be treated differently under the law. So I think all of these various, what I would consider to be safeguards, if you will, that are set forward in the TROL Act, I think, help solve the problem that you have articulated.