    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And I also want to thank the panelists for your presence here today and for the information that you have communicated.    If I could just start with Mr. Norquist, and I thank you for you presence and for the work that you have done in the area of tax equity. We may not always agree on your particular positions but your contribution to the public square has been notable and significant. So I thank you for that.    I wanted to ask about this concept that I think exists among some in the tax equity space, which is that there is this notion that there are donors and there are takers in the tax context. Is that a framework that some people use in the tax equity space?    Mr. Jeffries. Talking about individuals, for instance. As I understand it, there is the view among some, and I don't know if you subscribe to this position, but there is a view amongst some that you have got donors in the tax system and then you have got takers. And the donors, as I understand it, are individuals who give more to the Federal Government in income tax than they get back in return in terms of Federal benefits. Is that a framework that----    Mr. Jeffries. Individuals.    Mr. Jeffries. Okay.    I am just wondering because there are some----    Mr. Jeffries. I am not sure I agree with the concept either but there certainly have been some conservative thinkers within this institution in my other service on the Budget Committee who have put forth this context that there are donors and there takers and the donors give more to the Federal Government in income tax, pay this high burden, 39.6 percent, and don't get reciprocal benefits in return in terms of whatever the case may be; Social Security, Medicare, Federal benefits.    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. I think we can agree with that.    Now, in terms of the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2015, I think I got that right. Seems like we need a simpler title. But the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Act, it would cost New York State, I represent a district within New York State, approximately $110 to $130 million per year which is more than all other states combined; as I understand it. And I am trying to figure out the rationale for putting this forward.    From an equity standpoint as it relates to--what federalism allows is the individual states to have an opportunity to tax activity that occurs within its jurisdiction. So, if you could help me out, Mr. Norquist or Mr. Lindholm, with the rationale, I would be grateful.    Mr. Jeffries. Well, thank you and I understand your electoral accountability point.    In the time I have remaining, Mr. Chair, I would just ask unanimous consent to introduce a document prepared by the Tax Foundation Special Report, Number 158, ``Federal Tax Burdens and Spending by State.''    Mr. Jeffries. And what this document demonstrates is that a state like New York, for instance, in the data that was used with this particular study regularly, or at least in this particular tax year, sent an access of $23 billion more to the Federal Government than we get back in return. And I don't necessarily subscribe this donor and taker philosophy that some have articulated, but I think, if we are going to apply this framework where we are concerned about tax equity and fairness, that the fact that New York State regularly sends tens of billions of dollars more to the Federal Government to be spread across the entire Nation, including states like Georgia which received billions of dollars more from the Federal Government than they send, then, you know, we have got to think carefully about how we are going to deal with impacting a state like New York; where we know people come in and use the infrastructure, use the police services, use the fire services, use the sanitation services, use the court system in order to make money.    I know my time has expired, but thank you for your answers and I yield back.