    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The Subcommittee will come to order. Without objection, the Chair will be authorized to declare recesses when there are votes in the House. And hearing no objection, so ordered.    The Chair will yield himself some time for an opening statement.    It is hard to believe this can happen in America. The Government is seizing billions of dollars of cash and property from Americans, often without charging them with a crime. With origins in medieval law, civil asset forfeiture is premised on the legal fiction that inanimate objects bear moral culpability when used for wrongdoing.    The practice regained prominence as a weapon in the modern drug war as law enforcement sought to disrupt criminal organizations by seizing the cash that sustains them. The practice, however, has proven a far greater affront to civil rights than it has been as a weapon against crime.    While forfeitures have received increased attention in recent months, they are still poorly understood. During her recent confirmation hearing, Loretta Lynch, President Obama's nominee to replace Eric Holder as Attorney General, testified that civil asset forfeiture is ``done pursuant to supervision by a court, it is done pursuant to a court order, and I believe the protections are there.''    As a United States attorney, Lynch was known for her aggressive use of forfeiture provisions. She was, however, wrong when she testified that forfeiture is done pursuant to supervision by a court and wrong again when she said it was done pursuant to a court order. One wonders if she would still believe that the protections were there if she properly understood how they worked.    After property is seized, its owner will usually have the option of challenging the seizure judicially with the Federal court system or administratively with the seizing agency itself. Seizures that are not challenged within 30 days of receiving notice are automatically forfeited.    A majority of Federal civil forfeitures are never contested largely because of the high cost of retaining counsel, which often exceeds the value of the property itself. Because of the expense and complexity of the Federal court system and the short timeframe, most owners who contest forfeitures do so administratively. Thus, contrary to Ms. Lynch's testimony, only a small percentage of Federal civil forfeitures have any involvement or supervision by a court or a judge.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today about whether these administrative processes provide property owners with sufficient protections. Better documented has been the Justice Department's use of adoption, which occurs when a Federal agency adopts a seizure from a State or local law enforcement and proceeds with Federal forfeiture.    Under the Equitable Sharing Program, DOJ returns up to 80 percent of the forfeited money to State agencies. Federal adoption allows police to ignore restrictions in State law by working with the Federal Government.    A 2011 study found that police were, in fact, more likely to rely on Federal equitable sharing in States where the law made forfeitures more difficult or less rewarding. This presents a profound federalism problem and opens law enforcement agencies to allegations that they are policing for profit.    After 5 last night, at the last minute before today's hearing, DOJ sent new guidance on the revised adoption procedures it issued last month. I look forward to learning more about the impact of these revised adoption guidelines.    Just last month, we learned that the DEA, through their cold consent searches, may have improperly searched citizens' belongings at transportation hubs throughout the country. During these searches, DEA seized cash based mainly on the suspicion that a large quantity of cash was indicative of illegal activity.    To make matters worse, according to the DOJ Inspector General, DEA did not always provide adequate information to those who had their cash seized. At times, people did not even know which agency had seized their money, making contesting the seizure extremely difficult.    Our Founders understood the virtues of limited government. The right to own property is enshrined in the Fifth Amendment, which says no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. Current forfeiture provisions mock the spirit and meaning of that passage and create serious issues under several other constitutional provisions.    It is no wonder why my former colleague, Henry Hyde, described civil asset forfeiture as ``an unrelenting Government assault on property rights, fueled by a dangerous and emotional vigilante mentality that sanctions shredding the U.S. Constitution into meaningless confetti.''    Hyde led an effort that culminated in the passage of the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act, known as CAFRA. It was a noble effort, but it plainly fell short. In advancing CAFRA, Hyde noted that in 1993, DOJ forfeited $556 million. Post-CAFRA, in 2012, DOJ seized $4 billion.    Forfeiture's only defenders seem to be its beneficiaries, the law enforcement agencies entitled to keep the proceeds of their seizures. The conflict of interest so stark that it takes us to another stage, and adequate forfeiture reform is overdue.    I yield back the balance of my time and recognize the gentlewoman from Texas, the new Ranking Member of this Subcommittee, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. It is now my pleasure to recognize for his opening statement the Chairman of the full Committee, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Before introducing the witnesses, let me yield to the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte, for an introduction.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. He looks over us in many ways. Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you.    Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made a part of the record.    Today's witnesses are, first, Mr. Kenneth Blanco. Mr. Blanco was appointed to the position of Deputy Assistant Attorney General of the U.S. Department of Justice in April of 2008. His supervisory responsibilities include the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, Child Exploitation Section, Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section, and matters relating to Colombia and Mexico.    Previously, Mr. Blanco served in various sections of the Miami-Dade County State Attorney's Office, including the Organized Crime Section, Public Corruption Section, and the Major Narcotics Section. He also served in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida as an assistant United States attorney, and served in numerous leadership positions.    He was also detailed to Washington, D.C., to serve as general counsel to the 1994 United States Attorney's Office in the Executive Office of United States Attorneys. He also served as the Chief of the Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section at DOJ prior to his current position. He earned his law degree from Georgetown Law Center.    Mr. Keith Henderson is the prosecuting attorney for Floyd County, Indiana. Prior to his four terms as Floyd County prosecutor, he was a Crawford County prosecutor and a former Indiana State trooper. He previously practiced private law and consulting.    He is a board member of the Indiana Prosecuting Attorneys Council and current Chairman of its Ethics Committee. He represents Indiana prosecutors on the National District Attorneys Board and has served on its Executive Committee since 2007, which means he is currently serving in his ninth year.    Mr. Henderson earned his undergraduate degree at Valparaiso University and his juris doctor at Brandeis School of Law.    Third is Darpana Sheth. She is an attorney with the Institute for Justice. Her responsibilities include litigating property rights cases, as well as economic liberty cases. Prior to her role at the Institute for Justice, Ms. Sheth served as assistant attorney general for the State of New York. She previously practiced law as a litigation associate at the New York City law firm of Chadbourne & Parke, LLP.    She also served as a law clerk to the Honorable Jerome A. Holmes of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit. She received her undergraduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania and her law degree from Georgetown University Law Center.    Mr. David Smith is in private practice at the law firm of Smith & Zimmerman, PLCC. His areas of practice include civil and criminal forfeiture, white-collar defense, restitution, and fines and criminal appeals.    Prior to private practice, he was a prosecutor in the Criminal Division of the United States Department of Justice and at the U.S. attorney's office in Alexandria, Virginia. While at DOJ, Mr. Smith served in the Appellate and Narcotic Sections of the Criminal Division and as first deputy chief of the Asset Forfeiture Office.    He earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania, was a graduate student at Pembroke College, and earned his law degree from Yale Law School.    Without objection, each of the witnesses' statements will be entered into the record in its entirety.    I ask that each witness summarize his or her testimony in 5 minutes or less. You all know what the red, yellow, and green lights mean.    And Mr. Blanco, you are first.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you very much, Mr. Blanco.    Mr. Henderson?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Ms. Sheth?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you very much.    Mr. Smith?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The gentleman's time has expired by a minute and a half.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. We will now to go questions under the 5-minute rule. The Chair yields himself 5 minutes.    Mr. Henderson, in your submitted testimony, you wrote, ``Law enforcement and prosecutors should avoid pursuing forfeitures actions when the primary purpose is to obtain assets rather than pursue a prosecutable case.'' Now there is a lot of evidence to the contrary, and let me just mention three of them.    In Volusia County, Florida, the sheriff's department set up a forfeiture trap to stop motorists traveling Interstate 95 and seized over $5,000 a day from motorists over a 3-year period, over $8 million total. In three-quarters of the seizures, no criminal charges were filed.    In Shelby County, Texas, court records from 2006 to 2008 showed nearly 200 cases in which Tenaha police seized cash and property from motorists. Again, 75 percent of the time, no charges were filed.    A local Nashville TV station found that by about a 3-to-1 ratio, the police were pulling over suspected drug couriers as they were leaving Nashville rather than when they were entering the city. This suggests that there is more interest in seizing cash than keeping drugs off the street.    Now, if the goal is to pursue prosecutable cases, why isn't criminal forfeiture sufficient? Mr. Henderson?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Well, you also testified, ``Local prosecutors have no choice but to access assets forfeited under Federal law'' to get around what you see is an unwise State limitations on forfeiture. Now I guess there are two ways for us to go about reform, and I am not advocating either one of them at this time.    You know, one is to simply repeal the possibility of adoption as a way of getting around State law and send you back to Indianapolis to try to get the State law changed, and other prosecutors have their own State capitals. The other thing is to completely repeal civil asset forfeiture and require it to be criminal asset forfeiture, which means that you have got to indict somebody or file a charge.    Can you tell me how you would reform this so as to avoid either of those possibilities being discussed around here?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Would you advocate mandatory judicial review, meaning that the property is seized, and it automatically goes to court rather than any type of administrative review when somebody's property is seized and they don't know what agency seized them, and there is only 30 days for them to contest it?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Of course, there are. Because it is so simple do it and keep the money and let the time limit expire.    The gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The gentleman from Virginia, Chairman Goodlatte.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Before recognizing Mr. Conyers, let me say, Mr. Blanco, I am going to reserve the right to recall you.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. You know, I am absolutely shocked that you have come as a Justice Department witness to this hearing without reading the Inspector General's report that is directly on point. You know, IG's reports are designed to give the department an opportunity to clean up its own act, rather than having Congress to give you a kick in the behind to do that.    Now, apparently, a kick is necessary. And you know, I will be honest to say that you came up here without being prepared with the major point that the Inspector General's report is making.    The gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection.    The gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Buck.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The gentlewoman from California, Ms. Bass.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you.    The gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The gentlewoman from California, Ms. Chu.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Excuse me. Go ahead.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    This concludes today's hearing, and thanks to all witnesses and Members for attending.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days within which to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    And without objection, the hearing is adjourned.