    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Roberts, how are you, sir? One of the Fiscal Year 2017 priority goals is to reduce rates of repeat incarceration in five target tribal communities by 3 percent through a ``comprehensive alternatives to incarceration'' strategy that seeks to address underlying causes of repeat offenses, including substance abuse and social service needs, through tribal and Federal partnerships.    Can you tell the members of the subcommittee how you will specifically work with the tribal communities to accomplish this goal?    Mr. Joyce. Great. I am glad to hear that efforts are being made, Mr. --and I apologize if I screw this up--Roessel.    Mr. Joyce. Roessel, okay. The percentage of tribal students completing high school in the 2014-2015 school year who were within 4 years of their 9th grade entry in BIE schools was 55 percent. One of the Fiscal Year 2017 strategic objectives, again, of the Department of the Interior is to increase the percentage of tribal students attending Bureau-funded schools who complete high school with a regular diploma within 4 years of their 9th grade entry date by 5 percent (relative to the 2014-2015 school year).    Can you tell the members of the subcommittee what additional resources are proposed in the Fiscal Year 2017 budget to assist teachers in these schools to accomplish this goal?    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to ask you, Administrator McCarthy, a few questions about the Great Lakes.    Mr. Joyce. The Great Lakes are the largest system of surface freshwater on Earth, containing 20 percent of the world's surface fresh water, and 95 percent of the United States' surface fresh water. The watershed includes two nations, eight U.S. States, two Canadian provinces, and more than 40 tribes.    How will the administration's proposed $50 million cut to the GLRI impact our ability to restore and maintain the environmental integrity of the Great Lakes ecosystem?    Mr. Joyce. Yes, it would be. Considering we started at $475 million, and you have been proposing cuts was ever since.    Mr. Joyce. I want to discuss areas of concern.    Since 2010, three areas of concern have been delisted, one of the areas being the Ashtabula River in my district. As EPA personnel were on site, as though it was on cue, an eagle flew overhead.    Which areas of concern will have to postpone restoration work, if you cut the GLRI by $50 million?    Mr. Joyce. I learned a great lesson from Representative Kaptur. She has pictures of the Asian carp, which are ugly fish, and unfortunately I do not have any pictures with me today. The GERI has been central to the efforts to keep self-sustaining populations of silver, bighead, and black carp out of the Great Lakes, the GLRI Invasive Species' laws area received $57 million in FY 2016 to combat invasive Species such as Asian carp. Your budget would cut Invasive Species' funding to $43.6 million. In 2015, juvenile Asian carp advanced 66 miles closer to Lake Michigan. How will the proposed funding reduction impact efforts to prevent carp from spreading further?    Mr. Joyce. In the past 2 years, there have been harmful algal blooms on Lake Erie that have impacted access to safe drinking water for residents, including, in Toledo, which is in Ms. Kaptur's district.    The 2015 harmful algal bloom on Lake Erie was recorded as the largest bloom this century. The GLRI `Nonpoint Source Pollution Impacts on Nearshore Health' focus area received $49 million in FY 2016, in part to address the situation on Lake Erie. The administration's FY 2017 budget would cut Nonpoint Source Pollution Impacts on Neighbor Health funding to $43.5 million.    In February, you joined Canada's Environment and Climate Change Minister, Catherine McKenna, to announce that Canada and the U.S. adopted targets to reduce phosphorus entering affected areas of Lake Erie by 40 percent. How will the proposed fiscal year 2017 funding level help us achieve this goal?    Mr. Joyce. Obviously, this really bothers me. Until people lose a potable water supply, they do not understand and appreciate the fact that there is not a redundant water supply.    For years, every year I have been here, we have watched the administration cut funding for GLRI. We have tremendous bipartisan support for the GLRI, we are doing our best to protect and preserve not just a lake or a series of lakes, but a national treasure, and we need to treat it that way. We need to continue to treat it that way.    The administration should be out front on the issue and work with our international partners to make sure that these efforts are coordinated.    Mr. Joyce. Also, dredging the channel and dropping the sediment back in the lake, instead of placing the sediment aside.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you. I Have no further questions.    Mr. Joyce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have no questions at this time.    Thank you for being here, to gather these wonderful exhibits for our observation.