    Mr. Simmons. I would be happy to maybe give a couple of examples.    If you look at asset size, we are $58 billion in total assets, and so, among the kind of traditional bank holding companies, we are the smallest of the SIFIs. We are one 45th the size of JPMorgan Chase.    But if you use other measures, it becomes even more pronounced. And so, for example, if you look at the data that we file on what is known as an FR Y-15 form every quarter showing systemic risk indicators, on one of the indicators for interconnectedness with the financial system, that measure being intra-financial-system assets, we are 1/264th of JPMorgan Chase's size. If you look at payments activity, they are 775 times larger than we are. If you look at assets under custody, they are about 5,900 times our size. And if you look at derivatives, over-the-counter derivatives activity, they are about 21,260 times our size.    So if you look at the things that we believe and that the Basel Committee has identified as being important in thinking about systemic risk, size is one factor, but when you take other things into account, there is even a greater disparity between a company like us and a company like JPMorgan Chase.    Mr. Simmons. Yes.    Mr. Simmons. It was roughly 12,500.    Mr. Simmons. Yes. It is a pretty good stack. It is 32 volumes of a lot of very high-level math, mostly.    Mr. Simmons. I suspect some may, although because the current threshold is not indexed, at some point--we asked ourselves the question, should we try to shrink below that, but--    Mr. Simmons. Yes, the question has been on the table. We--    Mr. Simmons. I think there are clearly some cases, for example in the liquidity coverage ratio, where they have created a modified ratio for banks under $250 billion, where they have differentiated. But it is hard for us to know, and, certainly, we don't feel like there has been the kind of tailoring that we hear about. I would like a new tailor, I guess, some days. It feels like the suit is still very large.    Mr. Simmons. I fundamentally believe you need to look not only at size but a lot of other activities. The interconnectedness, the complexity, the funding structure--there are a lot of things that contribute to, I think, a rational determination as to whether an institution is systemically risky to our economy. And I think an approach that takes all those things into account is probably a more useful approach than, certainly, the arbitrary--    Mr. Simmons. In my experience, there is very little interconnectedness between regional banks--    Mr. Simmons. I think that has proven to be the case even in experience.    And I also think it is difficult to determine, if you start down that path, where do you stop? A community bank failing in a small community is going to have a systemic impact on that community. I believe that the language in Dodd-Frank was intended to focus on the U.S. economy and not on any particular region in the first place.    Mr. Simmons. That is correct.    Mr. Simmons. It is. And I think it reflects public statements that have been made at the Board of Governors level, as well.    Mr. Simmons. As to whether it has been a help or a hindrance, I take the view that fundamentally, stress-testing is one of the really major elements that has come out of this designation for us. And I fundamentally believe it is a useful tool in risk management, but I believe it is one among many tools. And it has become the central focus, and we spend so much time and money on it that I think it has clearly reached a point of diminishing returns.    The lack of transparency into the Federal Reserve's modeling process as compared to ours has been a source of great frustration that has led us to curtail some kinds of lending. And so, in that respect, it has been a hindrance to us.    And as far as a legislative fix to this, I am very much in favor of anything that moves beyond a strict size threshold and looks at other factors of systemic risk which we have talked about earlier today.    Mr. Simmons. What has been a significant factor in our thinking about some loan types and categories--I think I noted specifically in my written testimony construction lending, commercial real estate lending generally.    We operate currently in construction lending--in 2006, regulators issued guidance that suggested that if you are operating a construction portfolio, maintaining it at under 100 percent of risk-based capital, that they were quite comfortable with that, and over that limit they would allow it but wanted to have stronger risk management around it.    We are at about, roughly, a little under a third of that level today and have basically put a cap on it. Because of the implications of that particular asset class and what we believe--the result we believe it is creating in the Federal Reserve stress test. Again, it gets back to concerns about transparency.    Mr. Simmons. It was similar.    Mr. Simmons. Yes.    Mr. Simmons. I would say certainly the cost is--it is costly. We spent over $20 million last year doing that, and for a company our size, that is a fair amount of money.    I think as important is the amount of internal time and effort and just the focus on this. I mentioned in my written testimony that we held 20 board meetings last year. Seventeen of them had as a significant item on the agenda focusing on stress tests.    And that is where I think that--I think it is a useful tool, but I think it has the potential to be overdone.    Mr. Simmons. I noted that we have hired over the last 4 or 5 years close to 500 in risk management, internal audit, and compliance.    Mr. Simmons. None of those individuals make loans.    Mr. Simmons. Sure.    As I indicated in my written testimony, one of the things that we have come to realize is that the Federal Reserve stress tests become really our binding constraint. There are various methods of measuring capital in a financial institution and capital requirements, but the stress test and the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) process has become, for us, the binding constraint. And it is the Federal Reserve's model, specifically, that we are trying to manage to.    And it is frustrating because we don't know really how those models work, but we can divine enough information from the results to determine that we believe that there are very high loss rates attributed, for example, to construction loans. So we find ourselves pulling back there.    One of the specific areas that we find ourselves really thinking about right now is that in the Federal Reserve's models, the templates they furnish to gather data do not allow you to provide the detail that is required to really evaluate a loan, to look at collateral values, at the customer's cash flow, et cetera, that would allow you to really determine how risky a loan is. And so we just provide the loan balance on a supplementary schedule for loans under a million dollars or loans that are credit-scored for owner-occupied commercial real estate.    As a consequence, we believe--we don't know, but we believe that there are probably high loss rates attributable to those loans because they have no other way of determining what the loss content is, and their own instruction suggests that missing data defaults to a high rate of loss.    So dealing with the uncertainty and the unknowns has us, I think, being more conservative than we would certainly be if we had the detail.    Mr. Simmons. One of the ways that it is actually impacting our business model is we announced a month ago that we are--we have had seven subsidiary banks, each with its own charter, management team. We are consolidating those into a single charter to try to reduce some of the cost of--and to ensure that we have consistency in the way we are generating data for the regulators.    And so that is an example of how we are having to adjust to this new world of--    Mr. Simmons. At the end of the day, we are spending a lot of money.    Mr. Simmons. There is a lot of regulatory cost, much more than I had ever seen certainly before the crisis.    Mr. Simmons. I think there are some very large institutions that present systemic risk. I am not opposed to the notion that we ought to try and understand what that risk is and regulate accordingly. I think the line was simply drawn at a level very arbitrarily that catches a lot of fish in the net that didn't belong there.    Mr. Simmons. They are.    Mr. Simmons. Yes.    Mr. Simmons. Yes.    Mr. Simmons. Yes.    Mr. Simmons. We have a staff of about 30 employees who work on it pretty much full-time throughout the year.    Mr. Simmons. Oh, it is a process that goes on all year long. And then we have scores of others who contribute in one way or another--auditors, frontline credit people. There are a lot of people who are touched by it.    Mr. Simmons. The one number I am quite confident of is that we spent a little over $20 million in direct cost, because I can go through and look at bills from law firms and consultants.    Mr. Simmons. The internal costs, I haven't really tried to tabulate that.    Mr. Simmons. Well, not specifically attributable to the SIFI issue, but I would tell you that trying to make a mortgage loan these days has become incredibly complicated. And that may be a topic for a different day, but the ability-to-repay rules, the documentation around it, and the ancillary rules around making a residential mortgage have become incredibly complicated and, I believe, are stifling the extension of credit to a number of creditworthy borrowers, in our firm at least.    Mr. Simmons. It is to the extent that, like I said earlier, in our case we are pulling back somewhat, being conservative in terms of how we make loans. It is hard to say. I am not sure I can generalize how it is affecting others, but that is primarily how it is affecting our ability to serve customers.    Mr. Simmons. It is like all costs in a company; at the end of the day, it gets divided somehow between customers and shareholders. And it is all a function of pricing in the marketplace, but it is a cost.    And one of my concerns, ultimately, is that all of this additional cost is making the entire regulated industry, financial institutions, or financial services industry, less competitive relative to the unregulated or the shadow industry.    Mr. Simmons. And we see evidence that business is leaving the regulated industry for other climes that are a little more hospitable in terms of the cost structure.    Mr. Simmons. I will start.    I believe they have always had the tools to do that, fundamentally.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much.    I am very appreciative for this hearing for any number of reasons. First, I would like to say to Mr. Simmons over there, I visited your bank.    Mr. Simmons. Yes.    Ms. Waters. And I know that during the time that I visited, there was a little bit of a problem with the stress-testing, and I had just begun to focus on the centralized risk management systems. But I want to tell you that your employees and all of the people there were extremely efficient. They were friendly. I was welcomed there. We had a good time there.    And so I just want you to know that, whatever it is we are looking at or we are questioning you about today, I know that the people who are employed in the bank really do care.    Mr. Simmons. We would always love to have you back. It was nice to have you there.    Ms. Waters. We will come back to visit you sometime in the near future.    Let me just ask a little bit about this centralized risk management that we have been taking a look at. Your testimony states that the bank has incurred high costs due to stress-testing and resolution-planning requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act. But you also said that stress-testing is an important part of successfully running a bank, that you are not against stress tests, that they are important to have.    Now, in March, Moody's issued a report that stated, and I will quote, ``We view Zions' relatively new centralized risk management system as its major rating constraint. This also includes the risk culture of the company, particularly as it relates to managing asset concentrations and adhering to the country's post-crisis risk limits.''    The report adds that, ``While this function is long established at most banks, Zions only began this process a few years ago. If it weren't for the Dodd-Frank Act, the question becomes, would Zions be investing in such robust centralized risk management systems?''    First of all, how are your risk management systems? Do you consider that the criticism that was levied has been corrected? What is going on there?    Mr. Simmons. The first thing I would say is I fundamentally disagree with that statement from Moody's. I think a fundamental measure of risk in a traditional bank, at the end of the day, is what do your loan losses look like.    And if you look at our average net charge-offs as a percentage of loans for the period of 2008 through 2011, which I would really consider to be the worst cycle we have had since the Great Depression, our average loan losses were 1.9 percent annually. That compares to a weighted average of 2.51 percent for all traditional bank holding companies, which excludes the big trust banks like Northern Trust and State Street. And it compares to a charge-off ratio of 2.05 percent for all commercial banks.    We actually came through the downturn, despite the fact that we had a lot of exposure in places like Nevada and Arizona, which really got hurt hard in the downturn, we came through it in better shape than average.    And so, yes, everyone in the industry has done a lot to continue to strengthen their risk management systems, ourselves included. I fundamentally don't believe that the $50 billion threshold, though, has played a particularly important role in getting to where we are today.    Ms. Waters. Thank you.    Mr. Simmons, do you understand it that way?    Mr. Simmons. One of the things I said earlier today was that we don't see a lot of evidence of tailoring that is nearly proportionate to our size vis-a-vis the size of the largest institutions subject to some of these rules. And so I do believe that costs are falling disproportionately on smaller institutions which are subject to these enhanced prudential standards.    Mr. Simmons. The first thing I would say--these are great people. And risk management is certainly fundamental and core to the business of banking. I think the issue is that there are diminishing returns to all of this. And how much safer relative to how much more cost you spend is something that we are sensitive to. Our ability to attract capital and to grow is hampered by all of this.    And at the end of the day, the cumulative impact of not only Section 165 but of a lot of other new regulations--and I mentioned mortgage lending as a good example of one where we are spending a lot of time trying to figure out, how do we go about just doing what we used to do kind of naturally, which is make credit available to people who could pay it back, we kept it on our balance sheet, and serve our community?    Mr. Simmons. Yes, given the leverage in the industry, that is probably about right.    Mr. Simmons. And it compounds, because that is their annual costs, and so this compounds over time.