    Mr. Doyle. Thank you very much, Mr. Pallone, for yielding. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing, and to Commissioner Wheeler and Commissioner Pai, thank you both for being here today.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to recognize the accomplishments of the Commission, and of this Chairman. Since Tom Wheeler took over as Chairman, the FCC has done much to advance our nation's telecommunications agenda. From establishing the FCC's open Internet order, to keeping the incentive action on track, updating the Lifeline Program for the Internet age, and meting out steep fines to telecommunication companies that abuse consumers.    I also want to comment the Chairman for advancing a pro-competitive agenda, both in wire line and wireless service. The Commission's upcoming vote on tech transitions, its action on special access, and the establishment of the spectrum reserve in the incentive auction are all important steps towards preserving and promoting competition. Mr. Chairman, keep up the good work, thank you. And I will yield to our colleague, Ms. Matsui.    Mr. Doyle. Mr. Chairman----    Mr. Doyle. I was here well before the gavel----    Mr. Doyle. You don't go in order?    Mr. Doyle. I will yield to Ms.----    Mr. Doyle. I am going to yield to Ms. Matsui. Go ahead.    Mr. Doyle. Boy, that----    Mr. Doyle. That would have really gone bad.    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Gentlemen, welcome. Commissioner Pai, I was just listening to your opening statement, where you were lamenting how you and Commissioner O'Reilly have all these wonderful ideas that are met with either no response, or no. And I just want you to know, we on the Democratic side, we are feeling your pain. It is called being in the minority.    Mr. Doyle. We know that feeling.    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr.--we feel your pain, I just want you to know. Chairman Wheeler, I have questions for you. I know, like me, you are a strong advocate for a competitive telecommunications marketplace, and you have been a great advocate in moving these long stalled issues forward. I have a number of questions and concerns about the special access proceeding. First, I am concerned that the window for moving forward on special access reform is narrowing, particularly with this latest extension of the comment window. Additionally, I have heard that the FCC still hasn't made the data from the special access data request available to the stakeholders. With the comment deadline looming, when will the stakeholders be able to access this data in order to make fully informed comments for the proceeding?    Mr. Doyle. Yes. I mean, can you give us any idea when you anticipate the Commission taking action on the proceeding? Is it going to be in my lifetime?    Mr. Doyle. Let me ask you another thing. And, like a lot of people on this Committee, and our Ranking Member, Ms. Eshoo, I also have concerns about the trigger for the spectrum reserve in the incentive auction. We have all been working hard to ensure that this auction will enhance competition for wireless broadband, and that consumers will reap the benefits of lower prices and greater innovation. To that end, what is the Commission doing to address the concerns that many of us have about the reserve trigger, particularly in regard to the trigger coming into play so late in the auction?    Mr. Doyle. No, the reserve.    Mr. Doyle. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back.