    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank all of you for being here. This is very informative, and I appreciate it very much.    Dr. Huftalin, there's a technical college in my district, Coastal Pines Technical College. It operates a program that's called Move on When Ready. It allows students, high school students, to actually take classes at the technical college to get credit for the classes for a college degree as well as for their high school degree. It comes at no cost, not even the books are charged for. And it's very well attended, very well participated in. Is this the type of program that you see implemented anywhere else?    Mr. Carter. Great.    Let me ask you something. The way that these funds are being appropriated right now is through a formula system. If we were to go to some type of competitive grant system, do you see that working? Do you think there would be problems with it?    Dr. Major, I see you.    Mr. Carter. Anyone on the panel disagree with that?    Do you think that a combination of both might work? I mean, obviously, if we have a program like this Move on When Ready that we're very proud of in the State of Georgia and that has proven to be very beneficial we would want extra funding for something like that.    Mr. Carter. Okay.    Mr. Johnson, you mentioned wage disparity in the words that we use. I'm always reminded, when I was in the Georgia State Senate I chaired higher education, and one of the things that we always stressed, technical colleges. And we changed it to technical colleges.    Is that the case with all of you? Is it now a college or is it still technical school.    Mr. Carter. You know, again, one of my favorite stories about the wage disparity is about the doctor who calls the plumber in on the weekend for an emergency. And you've heard this.    Mr. Carter. Anyway, the plumber's working on the plumbing. The doctor looks down and says, ``How much are you making per hour for this emergency call?'' He says, ``I'm making $150 per hour.'' And the doctor says, ``Wow. I'm a doctor and I don't make that much.'' And the plumber looks up and says, ``Yeah, I know, I didn't make that much when I was a doctor either.''    Mr. Carter. But it is true. The last thing is, are you working with the businesses? One of the things that we have a problem with in Georgia that we're really concentrating on is identifying those jobs that are going to be needed and trying to fill that void, if you will, in making sure those personnel are available. For instance, we have two nuclear plants that are being built right now, and we're having welders. And we want to make sure those welders are available, that we're not having to go out of State to get them, that we can provide them there in State.