    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And welcome, Administrator McCarthy.    This has not been a simple conversation for you. A lot of questions have been raised, I think on both sides of the aisle. I think we were all dismayed to see the horrific way in which the river was so impacted. I happen to come from a district that is rooted in the Industrial Revolution, where rivers have run various different colors, depending on the dye that was cast into them----    Ms. Tsongas . At the end of the manufacturing days; so we are all very concerned about how we care for our rivers.    Obviously, this spill does warrant an investigation, but I do think I have to give you credit for being willing to be here and answer appropriately the questions that we all have. So, I want to thank you for it.    I think it is somewhat disingenuous to compare this with a private spill. As we have heard, you all have proactively made a decision to investigate yourselves through the Inspector General and the EPA, and through the Bureau of Reclamation, as well as doing an investigation. As you have said, you will accept the outcome of that and take appropriate actions.    What is also different here is that this is a legacy site. Mine operators who benefited from the various metals that were in those grounds have subsequently abandoned them and left an environmental mess, and we have a difficult time holding them accountable. You have said that you were there because of concern with a blowout, the possibility of a blowout, and the degraded water quality. You have also noted there are 161,000 such abandoned mines in which these issues present the EPA with a challenge of how best to fix them.    You have also talked about--given that long list, you create a National Priorities List. I am curious, and think it would really be helpful for you to explain how you prioritize, given the vast number of mines that have the great potential to pose such harm to our environment.    Ms. Tsongas. So, the local community--how did the communities initiate their interaction with the EPA? What was the process by which that took place?    Ms. Tsongas. Was the mine operator, the former mine operator, a part of any of those discussions?