    Mr. Guinta. No.    Mr. Guinta. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Cordray, for being here.    Mr. Guinta. I have been in and out of the hearing, but I appreciate the opportunity to speak with you.    I wanted to just read one component of prior testimony in 2012.    Mr. Guinta. In an open field hearing in Alabama relative to payday loans--it is not really the balance of what I want to talk about, but I think it is important to amplify some of the favorable stories, because sometimes this is--I think there is one side of the story that tends to be communicated.    And I will just read a portion of what Mr. Tangie Thomas stated. He said at this hearing, again, in Alabama in 2012, I just wanted to say that I am, I did have the use to a payday loan once before and it was because of a family emergency. He went on to say, in the fees that I accrued from that payday loan were actually cheaper than getting a cash advance on my credit card. So it actually benefitted me. And I was really glad that it was there, an option available for me. I would like to know that in the future that, it would be there in the event that I needed it also.    So his point was, I had multiple options, and this is the option that I chose; it was cheaper for me in that emergency situation. So I would ask you to consider his testimony and that of others that I am sure are in that circumstance.    In the State of New Hampshire, we have payday lending, and we have what I would consider rather rigorous rules around it and I think, for the most part, it works fairly well.    Secondly, I wanted to get to on the semi-annual report of the CFPB, page 127. 8.1 is entitled, ``open government,'' and it reads, ``A critical part of making financial markets work is ensuring transparency in those markets. The CFPB believes that it should hold itself to that same standard and strives to be a leader by being transparent with respect to its own activities.'' I agree with that statement. I think that makes sense.    So my first question would be relative to the concerns that my constituents have expressed about the cost associated with running the CFPB. Can you tell me in this book where you specifically identify the cost of building renovations that taxpayers have spent?    Mr. Guinta. Yes.    Mr. Guinta. Okay.    Mr. Guinta. Since I am returning after a couple of years away from this institution, would you be kind enough to remind me how much you have spent to date?    Mr. Guinta. On building renovations.    Mr. Guinta. And you feel that is somehow within--part of the mission of the CFPB to help consumers to spend that kind of money on a renovation?    Mr. Guinta. $120 million is a reasonably decent place?    Mr. Guinta. And there has been no other alternative that would be cheaper that you would consider reasonable?    Mr. Guinta. And so I actually found something--reclaiming my time.    Mr. Guinta. Reclaiming--if I found something that was cheaper moving forward, is that something you would consider?    Mr. Guinta. If I found something that was cheaper in Washington, D.C., that was suitable for CFPB, would you consider that alternative?    Mr. Guinta. Would you consider the input?    Mr. Guinta. Would you consider the input?    Mr. Guinta. Okay. The final question I have and I understand that I have only a few seconds left--I spoke with Rick Wallis, president of Piscataqua Savings Bank in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, a $230 million bank.    He is concerned with the cost associated with the rules that are associated under the $10 billion. He is a $230 million bank. He has been affected by these very rules. I would love to get a sense from you maybe offline or in writing what can be done to help that community bank, what I consider a community, one branch--    Mr. Guinta. His name is Rick Wallis, president of Piscataqua Savings Bank.    Mr. Guinta. It is a $230 million bank, 50 employees, one location. He is hampered by the same rules that CFPB is instituting for institutions under $10 billion.    Mr. Guinta. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Guinta. Thank you.    Mr. Guinta. I will give it to you.