    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good afternoon everyone. I am pleased to be here for the second Subcommittee on Forestry and Conservation hearing for this Congress. We have gotten off to a good and a strong start, and I look forward to continuing this Subcommittee's work as we begin to review forestry programs.    New Mexico is home to 9.1 million acres of Forest Service land, including the Gila National Forest, which is the sixth largest forest in the continental U.S. Our National Forests provide us with many benefits, including, as you have heard from the Chairman, high quality water, wildlife habitats, forest products, and opportunities for outdoor recreation and education. Clearly protecting and improving the management of our forests are top priorities for me and many of the communities in my district.    I believe the Chairman shares this passion, as do many of the Subcommittee Members. I hope that today's hearing will be the first, frankly, of many opportunities for the Subcommittee to take a real in-depth look at forestry issues. More specifically, I am looking forward to discussing the impact that wildfires and drought have, and will continue to have, on forests in the Southwest, and not just forests, but the surrounding communities.    Most recently, New Mexico, like many other states in the Southwest, experienced record-breaking fires that burned hundreds of thousands of acres, and resulted in millions of dollars of damages. These are real problems that must be addressed, and that are threatening to devastate many parts of my state and the district. That is, quite frankly, before we talk about the public safety issues related to the men and women who fight those wildfires, and the communities in which homes and businesses and lives are destroyed.    These are real problems, they have to be addressed, and they are threatening to devastate many more parts of the state and the district. The current cycle of fire borrowing is not working, and contributes to more fires. For those not familiar with the term, fire borrowing occurs when the Forest Service has to dip into other programs to pay for rising fire suppression costs. Last year, USDA sent a report to Congress notifying us that the agency needed $470 million more to fight wildfires that season. This trend is not new, nor do I expect it to go away. Both USDA and DOI have had to divert funds from other programs to fund suppression efforts for 7 of the last 12 years. In addition, we should be looking at innovative and more cost-efficient ways to suppress fires.    Now, I recently had the opportunity to meet with a company in my district that has developed larger planes, or tankers, that can deliver four times more retardant than any other tanker employed today. This allows them to put out fires much more quickly, which saves lives, and reduces costs and damages.    In closing, I hope this hearing will help identify ways that Congress can help prevent wildfires, improve the way we respond to fires, and assist communities with post-fire recovery.    I welcome Chief Tidwell and the rest of the witnesses joining us today. Laura McCarthy works in New Mexico, and was recently recognized as the New Mexico Environmental Leader of the Year for establishing the Rio Grande Water Fund, a very important project in New Mexico. I know we are going to hear more about that in her testimony, or at least I hope so, today. I look forward to today's testimony.    I thank the Chairman, and I yield back.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chief, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the status quo about how we are funding both prevention and fighting forest fires is not working. Having a fixed amount that inhibits our efforts to both prevent and provide sufficient resources to defend them or combat wildfires during the fire season continues to be a huge problem. I am continuing to hear concerns that the Forest Service has managed, in addition to that, the National Forest in a manner that has left local communities, as they try to weigh-in, and even try to identify state or local resources to adjust that dynamic to some degree, feeling very disconnected and not part of an effort to try and rectify that.    I have also heard concerns that the Forest Service's wildfire prevention techniques, to some degree, have been ineffective, and have had some unintended consequences, which is a very serious concern for a state like New Mexico because we are, like most of the Southwest, and now the West, we are at extreme risk for wildfires, and we don't even use the terminology that we are in a severe drought we are now in a mega drought, with dire consequences for the future if we don't try to mitigate and be ahead of this issue to the highest degree that we can. Now, given that you have limited success for a variety of reasons, not having the resources and tools and the investments that you always need, and that we continue to see our natural environment, which is, like the drought, out of your control, and conditions worsen over time, it is really imperative today, more than ever before, that we find the right balance for managing our forests.    Can you discuss with me any new or innovative ideas that you have considered that will help the Forest Service prepare for the reality of continued limited resources and worsening conditions?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. So do you believe that that has curtailed the development of new strategies and innovative ideas? And I might just help you on this one. I mean it is very important for this Subcommittee and the full Committee. This would be like saying, ``For your public safety, your firefighters and your communities, that your capital investment fund is the same as your personnel fund, so we are going to cut personnel every time we get a new firetruck.'' I mean it doesn't make any sense if your goal is to protect or to combat these wildfires. We are doing this completely wrong and backwards.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And as you do that, I don't mean to interrupt, Chief, I appreciate it, I am running out of time, but it would be great if maybe you could provide the Committee a list of those partners and communities where you think we identified those best practices, because that would be useful to us.    And then I am going to, with my last few seconds, make a pitch that we are hoping that we can have a better relationship with your office as we work to deal with the civil rights report related to discrimination against minority farmers and their access to forestlands and forest services. It would be really helpful to continue that dialogue, and to have access to responses about that internal civil rights report.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, sir.    I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    I now recognize Mr. Benishek, from Michigan, for 5 minutes of questioning.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. If I may?    The Chairman. I now recognize the Ranking Member.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Because we are voting, I don't think that you are going to have an opportunity to respond, so I apologize, but maybe you could get back again to the Committee and my office. Recognizing that the Federal Government has a responsibility to support Indian Nations to help maintain a healthy forest, and that that is not something that falls to you directly, the reality is that in spite of about a $2.82 per acre versus $8.57 an acre that you receive at USDA, some of those Tribes are able to maintain actually healthier forests than their nearby neighbors in those states, even given that funding disparity. The disparity is wrong, and if we care about investing in healthy management of our forests, we have to invest in our Tribal partners.    And given that, I would love for you to talk to me about what you could do to create those collaborations, those partnerships to weigh-in to make sure the Tribes have every potential resource, benefit, aspect, collaboration. It is all about responsibility to make sure that they have the resources that they need to do their jobs effectively.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Okay.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Zuni Mountain and Southwest Jemez Mountains, and some of those work, and some of those haven't quite been as effective, and some of those relationships may not be as strong and----    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Chief. I appreciate that so much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    We are going to go for votes. We will reconvene immediately after this vote. We will come right back.    So the Committee stands in recess, subject to the call of the chair.    The Chairman. All right, this Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry hearing is reconvened. And once again, I apologize for the unanticipated interruption.    I am pleased to welcome our second panel of witnesses to the table. Ms. Sue Swanson, Executive Director of the Allegheny Hardwood Utilization Group, from Kane, Pennsylvania. She is a timber family with her husband, working within the industry, and I really appreciate your leadership on this issue for a long time, and we will put it that way. And also we are joined by Ms. Becky Humphries, Chief Conservation Officer of the National Wild Turkey Federation, from Edgefield, South Carolina. And I will yield to the Ranking Member for the purpose of introduction of a proud New Mexico resident.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Mr. Chairman, that is very kind. And I was going to thank Ms. Laura McCarthy, who is the Director of the Conservation Programs at The Nature Conservancy in Santa Fe, New Mexico, which, unfortunately, is not in my district, but where I grew up, and has had a great influence on many projects not only in my district, but the health of so many issues, and forests and conservation issues across the state. And I just want to thank you for your work with my office, and I am very gratified that you are here today. Thank you so much. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. All right. Now, we will proceed.    Ms. Swanson, go ahead and proceed with your 5 minutes of testimony whenever you are ready.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. That is a very dangerous path for you to go down, but I accept. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Laura, and I shouldn't be so familiar, but she is quite an icon not only in the state, but in my community. And Ms. McCarthy, I really want to continue on that dialogue that we have social license to really think about what we ought to be doing. And I don't want to minimize because I want to go back to that, that we really don't have a resources funding vehicle so that we are doing management and conservation in a productive way, and it lends itself and leads to these real problems that we have with fire prevention. Then there is the ability to respond productively, not just to put the fire out but, as you more than ably described using those visuals, that for years to come, there are significant problems that we never, including Army Corps, FEMA, and everybody else who is responsible and responds to these issues, that the amount of money that we are spending on the back-end pales in comparison to what we spend on the front-end. And again, it is the same pool of funding, and we have been minimizing that, not expanding that, even if that was okay to continue to draw from the same pot.    So given that, your leadership, and I want to also compliment New Mexico partners, when you are a small state, you have to figure out how to often do it on your own, and I mean no disrespect to USDA or the Forest Service, and I appreciate your complimenting their efforts, but the reality is we have to figure out a way to do that. The Rio Grande Watership Fund, and getting the private sector to recognize the economics in so many ways of not participating has been phenomenal. Talk to me a little bit about replicating and the kind of Federal policy that we might engage in to really not only promote that, but create that as the standard for that kind of collaboration across jurisdictions to engage in these conservation and prevention practices.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I appreciate that. And if you will keep thinking and including the whole panel so that we can, I am going to use your words, accelerate that capacity-building, and with all due respect to all bodies of government, sometimes government can react a little bit too slowly, and we need to figure out a way to make sure that those investments are made.    As we do have healthy debates about what our funding priorities are and what our long-term stability practices are, we are going to have to have a long-term funding strategy for these issues. And it is not something that I have participated in through this Committee directly. And that is not a dig on the Committee, but it may be time to do that. We definitely have those debates as we have legislation on the floor about whether we are really doing enough to make sure that we have the resources necessary not only to support these kinds of collaborations, but to do what we need to do over the long-haul. And if there are other thoughts for Members of Congress, particularly in this Committee, the inner chain, about how we get there in short order, I think that I could probably convince the Chairman to help us think about other hearings and maybe a full Committee hearing about those strategies, and see what the appetite is from this Committee to address them.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Did I put you on the spot? See, that will teach you to give me----    The Chairman. You did just fine. The gentlelady yields back.    I am going to take the liberty of another round. Ms. Swanson, I want to talk about the impact, and this is tough, but it has to do with continuity of leadership on our forests, and obviously, I am talking specifically with the Allegheny National Forest. And I do appreciate the Forest Service's support. We have been able to, over some time in the past 6 years or so, upgrade the Forest Supervisor position to another grade, hoping to make it so that it wasn't just a place where people bounced into for a short time and then went somewhere else. So it seems like continuity of leadership and retaining folks, we have had many supervisors just since 2009, 2008, when I was first elected. I know what it is like to come in and become a manager in an agency of--my background was healthcare, but you don't hit the ground running, you don't know your team, you don't know the community. I have a two-part question. First, do you see that that has impacted, from your external perspective on the Forest Service in the Allegheny, and second, I don't know how we can have a lot of ability to retain people, we can't indenture them there for a period of years, but perhaps there are ideas in terms of how we help provide continuity in leadership, so that leadership is a little bigger umbrella, and there is maybe one person coming and going every few years. But I would appreciate whatever ideas you may have on that.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Humphries, I agree that lawsuits or the threat of lawsuits can paralyze productive efforts on management activities. And given that we are drawing both, I hope, aggressive interventions at the appropriate places, we also want that collaboration and partners so that you have a longstanding effort to get the continuation of not just one partner invested, but every stakeholder making sure that healthy forests and healthy watersheds, that we are doing all that work together. But it does suggest to me that this collaborative model is another very productive way that would minimize then that kind of litigious environment, because people are at the table. And I don't want to suggest that every time you get everybody together that you can come up with a solid invested plan that all the partners stay with, but we have seen great success by partners. I will use the business community in this case, who have a very different set of priorities and different set of clients, and different set of outcomes that they are looking for, who you don't typically go to in terms of forest restoration activities and management practices that weigh on the side of both conservation, but prevention, making sure simply, and you guys know this better than anyone, that we don't have such a large amount of fuel in the forest, that we have these kinds of catastrophic fires.    It is another way, based on these questions, to really put a plug in. We need to think about ways, strategies to really promote these collaborative investments, and define sources of revenues and funds that are dedicated to these practices so that you will get the unique aspects in each community so that you can manage these collaborations and identify the right priorities between forests in the East and forests in the West and in the Southwest, so that we are dealing with those significantly different issues in a productive way. And so I am more encouraged by the testimony of the three, and hope that, as the Chief is listening, thank you for staying for the hearing, that you bring to us as many practical and even big, if they are not so practical, big ideas back to our offices and back to the Subcommittee so that we can think about ways to really draw this balance, and start to get the investments in these issues as a priority for the Committee and for Congress. I mean that is what I would certainly like to see.    Thank you very much for allowing me to make that additional--was that my closing statement, Mr. Chairman?    The Chairman. Yes, I think it might have been.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. All right.    The Chairman. Unless you have anything to expand upon.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. No, I don't. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Well, I thank the Ranking Member. I really appreciate the opportunity to work with you on these issues, really important issues, and we are doing great work. So we have a lot more work left to do.    Before we do adjourn, just to share some closing thoughts. I want to thank all the witnesses. Ladies, thank you. This is a good sign. I have a few former ag staffers in the room, I don't think we have ever had a panel on forestry where all our witnesses have been ladies. Maybe that is what it is going to take to turn things here, so I appreciate that.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you for that, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Yes. I appreciate the Chief for staying and listening, and just being a good partner with shared goals here. And I want to thank everyone for bringing your passion on this issue. That was very evident in your written testimony and in your oral testimony, and your expertise, and the expertise of those that you are here representing today. You bring their voice to Congress. You are actually helping all of your colleagues back home and across the country to exercise that part of the Constitution. It is so important. It is in the Bill of Rights, and that is the right to petition Congress. And we are absolutely dependent on this expertise coming here so that when we make decisions, we don't make them in a--the worst thing in the world is when we write laws and take actions, and the only thing that we are paying attention to is inside the Washington Beltway or the Washington bubble. And I am just really pleased with the input because we are approaching this serious problem in a serious way. I am very appreciative to all the witnesses, from the Chief and this panel, because within your testimony, you brought solutions. We don't always get that. We usually paint a pretty good picture of where there are problems, but the fact is that you have taken the time and done your due diligence to really articulate some really good solutions that we need to review, and take a look at and see how we may be able to utilize them. So thank you once again everybody.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material, and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member.    The Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry hearing is now adjourned.