    Ms. Elefant. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield, and good afternoon to you and to Ranking Member Rush, and the members of the subcommittee.    As you mentioned, my name is Carolyn Elefant. I am on the Board of the Pipeline Safety Coalition, which is a nonprofit organization that serves as a clearinghouse for factual and objective information to increase public awareness about pipelines, and also to promote environmental and public safety. In addition, in my capacity as an attorney, I represent landowners, conservation trusts, community governments, and other entities that are directly impacted by pipeline infrastructure.    My testimony today will highlight two of the coalition's concerns regarding the draft legislation, which essentially requires federal and state agencies with permitting authorities over pipelines to adhere to deadlines established by FERC.    First, the coalition believes that the legislation is unnecessary. There is little evidence to suggest that it is actually the state and federal permitting agencies that are responsible for delays in development of pipeline infrastructure. And to the extent that they are, companies already have a mechanism in place to enforce those deadlines, which is through bringing suit in federal court; a mechanism that has only been used twice since it was enacted 10 years ago in the Energy Policy Act.    Second, the coalition's greater concern is that the proposed legislation's approach to expediting the permitting process, such as requiring federal and state permitting agencies to confine the scope of their environmental review to those issues identified by FERC, would subordinate the regulatory mandates of FERC's sister federal agencies, as well as state agencies implementing delegated federal authority under statutes like the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, and the Coastal Zone Management Act.    So the first issue I wanted to discuss as to why this legislation isn't necessary relates to the delays, and from our perspective it is not clear that these state and federal permits are holding up the process. The way the INGAA has defined delay in its 2012 report that it commissioned is a situation where a state or federal permit is not completed within 90 days after FERC completes its environmental review. But there are many reasons for why this can happen. And first of all, the processes are not always properly aligned. So a company may not initiate the state permitting process until several months after it started the FERC certificate process, and that can lead to a misalignment at the end. In addition, state agencies also have--the statutes provide them with a year, in some instances, to act on a permit. So if you start the process late, it is going to run over at the end.    The second issue related to delay is that many times a delay may occur because there is a change in the root, or a different alternative is proposed down the line. And there are instances where a company knows about this initially, but rather than trying to accommodate and negotiate that issue, they will hedge their bets and figure that if they ignore it, it will go away. And it comes back to bite them at the end of the process. I have been involved in at least two proceedings where issues raised by state agencies early on in pre-filing were ignored for years later, and when it finally came time to issue the permit, and it appeared that the state permit wasn't going to issue, those issues had to be dealt with and it created some delay.    And last, as I mentioned, to the extent that there is delay, there is a mechanism that Congress put in place 10 years ago; the ability to bring suit in District Court. I would respectfully disagree with my colleague, Mr. Santa, as to the difficulty of this. It has been used twice. I was involved, representing interveners in one of those proceedings. It is extremely expedited, it is about 3 months, and the company in this particular situation received relief very quickly. And even with this expedited schedule, I, representing a group of landowners, was still able to participate. So that is an option that is highly underutilized, and suggests to me that perhaps companies don't believe that they have enough of a case to be able to bring to court to show delay. And so they are not using this provision because it isn't as necessary as has been suggested.    As I mentioned before, really from our perspective, the most troubling aspect of the legislation is it seeks to eliminate delay really be eliminating differing perspectives. For example, one of the provisions that has been discussed is that, when making a decision with respect to federal authorization, the federal and state agencies shall defer to FERC's scope of the environmental issues. And this is very troubling because state agencies and federal permitting agencies have different mandates. They evaluate different things in the environmental process. And you will sometimes see that they may be identifying issues that FERC considers not relevant to the certificate process. And that makes sense, but these are different mandates. So we don't see that there is any justification to compel a federal or federally backed agency to subordinate its regulatory mandates to the goals of the Natural Gas Act, and indeed, we can't think of any other federal industry or federally regulated industry that has been granted a similar trump card.    So those are some of the concerns that we have, and I look forward to participating in the rest of this hearing. Thank you.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Elefant, as a former FERC lawyer, do you believe that requiring other agencies to defer to FERC on the scope of environmental review would help expedite the natural gas permitting process and leading to fewer or more lawsuits, and are FERC's staff equipped to determine the scope of environmental review over and above the experts in other agencies with jurisdiction over these issues?    Ms. Elefant. I don't think that it would expedite anything. The problem is when you are looking at the scope of environmental review, it relates to what the agency's mandate is. So, for example, I have seen cases where FERC has determined, for example, that it will not consider cumulative impacts related to fracking because that is something that FERC has determined is not causally connected to pipeline certification. And that is a decision that has been affirmed by the Second Circuit. There are other state or federal agencies for which this issue of fracking is more closely related to their mandate, so they might consider that within the scope of the issues they address when they are granting a permit. Unless you change the underlying regulatory mandate of those related state and federal agencies, that is the only way you can eliminate consideration of those issues. They look at different issues, that is why they are different agencies and they have different mandates.    Ms. Elefant. I think at some point somebody has to take a look at the big picture. The Natural Gas Act, although it is not imbued with the same public interest standard as the Federal Power Act governing hydro, does issue certificates for public necessity and convenience. If you look at the history of the Act in some of the older cases, FERC or the Federal Power Commission played a larger role, and they would look to see if there was a need for three or four pipelines, and try to take a programmatic view of what the public need was. In addition to development of multiple pipelines, there are other ways to increase efficiencies of existing pipelines to capture additional natural gas. FERC, in fact, just last month, implemented a policy which would incentivize existing pipeline developers to address leaks in the pipeline. And there was a study shown recently in the Boston area that if you could capture all that leakage, you could increase the pipeline capacity by almost 30 percent. So I think that in addition to looking at just building more, we need to take a more robust approach and also look at some creative solutions, for example, making pipelines safer and addressing leaks, which is really a win-win for everybody, including the pipeline, which gets incentive payments to do that.    Ms. Elefant. Well, I think that the provision with deference to DOE doesn't necessarily have to do with the resource review. The LNG review authority still expressly preserves the power of states to issue permits under the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, and the Coastal Zone Management Act, and so I think that that statutes have such unique relationship to protecting those resources and having sort of an established procedure that deferring to FERC could encroach on the policies that were intended to be protected by those other laws.    Ms. Elefant. I think that the provision related to issue resolution, I have said I didn't think that something like that was necessary because there are multiple opportunities for issues to currently be resolved. For example, in one case that I have that I think would be accurately characterized as a delay case, the state agency and the Corps of Engineers, very early in the pre-filing process and again in the application process, expressed some concerns and reservations about where the project was going to go, and also asked for additional information on certain resources. And it seemed to me that there were many opportunities to resolve those along the way rather than have it be done in this pressured 30-day period, like the statute prescribes. There are still opportunities for the agencies to cooperate, and that does happen from time to time.    Ms. Elefant. Maryland was a delay case.