    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to the panel for being here today.    As unpleasant and as unfortunate as this debt issue is in Puerto Rico, I am actually glad that we are here in Congress talking about debt, and I hope that we will have more serious discussions about debt. I say that based on the fact that if you look at the debt per capita in Puerto Rico, $115 billion over roughly 3.5 million people, that is just under $33,000 per person. If you look at the debt here in United States, $19.2 trillion over 323 million people, that is over $59,000 per person.    We have a debt per capita 81 percent higher than the territory of Puerto Rico. This may be the classic example of worrying more about the plank in our own eye than the speck in our neighbor's eye. That said, I think we can learn from history. Any of us who have made an investment have probably read the small print that says: Past performance is not an indicator of future performance.    My state of Arkansas has a statistic that I am not very proud of. We were the last state to default on our debt. It happened in 1933. It happened after the state had invested heavily in bonds for infrastructure, a couple of natural disasters, crash of the stock market, and the state found itself in a very precarious situation. When we talk about bankruptcy, I think to the common person, our state was bankrupt, but we did not have Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection.    One historian wrote that we were flat broke. The State Treasurer said at one point in time the balance in the state budget was $4.92. Arkansas suffered through that. They took a substantial hit to their bond rating. It was actually 1949 before the state ever issued another bond. But through that, we also put better fiscal policies in place. We had a balanced budget act that was passed. I was serving in my state legislature in 2011 when many states were having fiscal issues. Our state was actually cutting taxes and had a surplus budget because of the pain that we had suffered many years ago and the reforms that we had put in place.    Mr. Weiss, other than the fact that Puerto Rico has not fixed their problem, what is the emphasis for the Federal Government to interject itself into the Puerto Rican debt issue? And I remind you that it is the Federal Government that is 81 percent per capita more in debt than the government that we are trying to help.    Mr. Westerman. Mr. Kent, even if a future Congress tried to use this legislation to establish precedent for a Chapter 9 protection for states and potentially violate the Constitution in doing so, would that Congress still not have to pass legislation? And is there not precedent that establishes no Chapter 9 protection allowed for sovereign states? That question has been asked many ways. It is another attempt.    Mr. Westerman. Mr. Miller, I may have time to get this question out there. Would this legislation cause a ripple effect in the bond market?    Mr. Westerman. And the opposite of that, if nothing is done, would it cause a ripple in the bond market?    Mr. Westerman. OK.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.