    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations will come to order.    Let me say, we are due to have roll calls a little bit after 3:15, and in order to save time, I am going to ask unanimous consent to put my opening statement into the record and ask unanimous consent that everybody else's opening statement be put into the record. This will give more time for testimony and more time for questions.    Without objection, that is so ordered.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. I will now introduce each of the witnesses. We have a very distinguished panel today.    I will begin by swearing in our witnesses before introducing them. So if you would, all please rise.    Do you and each of you solemnly swear that the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Let the record show that each of the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    You will be getting an abbreviated introduction, as well.    The first witness is the Honorable Michael Horowitz, who is the Inspector General of the Department of Justice. He is well known to this Committee. He has worked for DOJ in both main Justice as an Assistant Attorney General and as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.    The Honorable John Roth is the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security. He most recently served as Director of the Office of Criminal Investigations of the Food and Drug Administration. He is a former Federal prosecutor, a senior official at the Department of Justice, and at DOJ he was the Department's lead representative on the Financial Action Task Force in Paris.    Herman Whaley is the Deputy Chief Inspector of the Office of Professional Responsibility at the DEA. He has had a professional career in local law enforcement, as well as a DEA Special Agent and a group supervisor.    Mark Hughes is the Deputy Assistant Director and Chief Integrity Officer of the Office of Integrity at the Secret Service. He has previously been the Deputy Special Agent in Charge of the Washington field office, and the Deputy Special Agent in Charge of the Secret Service's Office of Inspection.    So I think all of you know the drill. You have a red, yellow, and green light in front of you. The green light means talk away. The yellow light means start to wrap it up. The red light means that the hook is about ready to be prepared.    Mr. Horowitz----    Mr. Sensenbrenner. They have been dispensed with by unanimous consent, everybody's, and they will all be put in the record.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Well, each of you will be recognized for 5 minutes; and, Mr. Horowitz, you are first.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you very much, Mr. Horowitz.    Mr. Roth?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you very much.    Mr. Whaley?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you, Mr. Whaley.    Mr. Hughes?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you very much.    I yield myself 5 minutes.    First, I would like to commend the two Inspectors General here, Mr. Horowitz and Mr. Roth, for a very comprehensive and enlightening report. Very infrequently do witnesses get commended from the Chair. Please note that this time both of you are being commended from the Chair, and we hope that this is a string that continues.    Now, to Mr. Whaley and Mr. Hughes, let me give a couple of instances, particularly with the DEA.    In 2010, there was a special agent in Bogota, Colombia who was a frequent patron of prostitutes, and on one of them he beat her up and left her bloody. He was ultimately suspended for 14 days.    And the next year, in 2011, a DEA agent solicited sex from an undercover police officer in D.C. He was suspended for 8 days.    And then in 2012, we know the DEA agents engaged in sex parties with prostitutes supplied by drug cartels, meaning the bad guys that law enforcement is supposed to be penetrating and bringing to justice.    Now, of those 10 agents, two received letters of reprimand, one retired. The remaining seven were suspended by the DEA for poor judgment or conduct unbecoming for 2, 1, 3, 3, 9, 10, and 8 days, respectively.    Now, this behavior is probably more likely to occur in a frat house or result in going up to the big house but has nothing to do with a law enforcement agency that depends upon the respect of the public for the support both in terms of appropriations as well as credibility in what they do.    Now, let me ask you first, Mr. Whaley, since these were DEA agents. Just in your personal and private opinion, how long do you think those suspensions should have been? We will start out with the one who, in Colombia, was a frequent patron of prostitutes and left one of them beaten and bloody. Is 14 days enough?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Should he have been fired?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Now, what is wrong with the system? Why wasn't he fired?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. You have already told us what the three parts are.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. You think he should be fired. I think everybody on this Subcommittee thinks he should be fired. What changes in the system are needed to make sure that somebody who is a repeat offender, from what was in the report, is fired?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Now, in D.C., soliciting a prostitute who was an undercover police officer only got a suspension. Isn't that a tap on the wrist?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Then we have the DEA agents who were engaged in sex parties with prostitutes supplied by drug cartels. The longest suspension was 10 days, and I listed a whole bunch of other numbers. Obviously, if you are engaged in a sex party with prostitutes that are supplied by the folks that you are supposed to be enforcing the law against, that certainly is the ultimate conflict of interest.    Now, do you think that maybe we should have kind of a suspension suggestion, like we do with the sentencing guidelines and trying to match offenses, so that somebody at least has an acceptable period of suspension depending upon how heinous the offense is?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Well, you can understand why Congress and the public is upset when we see this outrageous behavior that is happening, and in every one of these instances I have cited the suspension has been less than a light tap on the wrist.    The gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The time of the gentlewoman has expired.    The gentleman from Virginia, the Chair of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you.    The gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Chabot.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you.    The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Poe.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection, the responses will be put in the record at this point.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection, the witnesses are directed to respond promptly so this can be printed in the Committee record.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee, for 2 additional minutes to get an answer to a question she was propounding to Mr. Whaley.    Do you remember what the question was, sir?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. The gentlewoman's time has expired.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Without objection, all Members may submit questions to the witnesses within the next 5 days.    If you receive any of these questions, it would be appreciated that you promptly respond so that the answers can be placed in the record.    This concludes the business that we have before the Subcommittee today, and without objection, the Subcommittee stands adjourned.