    Mr. Meeks. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this timely hearing--our last. I guess, this will be our last of the 114th Congress----    Mr. Meeks . To discuss the role of corruption and eroding democracy in Europe. And I do appreciate your cooperation in working together over the last couple--last 4 years actually--and to work more on Europe together. My intentions are to stay here, you know, we will be in the next Congress--unless you, of course, have other plans.    Mr. Meeks. So hopefully we will do this again.    The fight against corruption is a civic duty, and I am against corruption here in the United States just as much as I am against corruption in Ukraine, France, and Russia, or anywhere on the planet. I think we can all agree on that. And corruption is often ill-defined, ambiguous, and sometimes woven in with cultural norms.    Yet, while it take many forms, we know that it has costs. When bad actors in the public sector use political power to enrich themselves, there are consequences. The state is less effective and citizens less trusting of its political leaders.    They do not act alone. Government officials who steal public money often use legal loopholes to launder their loot abroad in real estate or offshore accounts. This is done by employing willing enablers, lawyers or business partners, who take the money while looking the other way.    Now, I have found it important when speaking of corruption in Europe that I can't avoid mentioning particularly the role of the Russian Government and Russia itself in exporting corruption abroad. The Russian Government has successfully muddied the waters in the media and politics with its dirty money in neighboring countries looking to reform, notably Ukraine, Moldova, and Montenegro. This is very troubling.    Furthermore, the Russian taxpayer rubles have found sanctuary here in the United States and across Europe, giving us more reason for concern. And while Ukraine struggles to reform and create ambitious, transparent systems for the benefit of its people, we see Russian businesses and politicians with significant influence in trying to make us think that Ukraine can never reform.    It is not only a morally troubling situation, it is also a national security question. It is one thing to look away when another country's government robs its own people; it is another to allow that government to use its citizens' money to corrupt and meddle in our democratic, rule-of-law-based society.    This is the one reason I will continue to demand--I will continue to demand--here in the United States that President-elect Trump release his tax returns and completely divest from his international companies. The American people have a right to know who our President may be beholden to.    Now, fortunately for some of us, there are brave investigative journalists, lawyers, and activists who have shed light on the kleptocracy in the Kremlin and the way the Russian people are worse off because of it. Because Russia did not successfully reform after the fall of the Soviet Union and yet is home to vast amounts of natural resources, it is ripe territory for corruption at the highest levels.    One of those brave men is here with us today. And I want to thank Mr. Kolesnikov for your bravery and work for the Russian people. I look forward to hearing your testimony and your firsthand knowledge of what drives the highest levels of Russian Government.    I want to let you know that there is a reason why we should focus on Russia here today. It is because we believe that Russia is an important country, a potential partner. Russia can be better, can reform, and can be democratic and can be free.    As a senior member of the Financial Services Committee, I am also deeply interested in how we can safeguard our financial institutions from corruption. It is that vulnerability to foreign and malign influences that worries me. What laws should we consider to amend beneficial ownership, for example? What are the risks today to American sovereignty in these areas?    So, again, I want to thank you and all of our witnesses. And I look forward to working with my colleagues and to keep America and our allies safe from the unvirtuous spiral of corruption. And I yield back.    Mr. Meeks. I don't interrupt the chair.    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Very interesting. I want to thank the witnesses for their testimony and I am going to try to go through everybody real quickly.    Maybe I will start with you, Mr. Davidson, and just trying to figure out, moving forward first, how are corruption and populism related in Europe? And what examples can you provide that would be helpful to monitor corruption in 2017 as we move forward? Because a lot is going on in Europe right now, politically and otherwise, and corruption could do something that indeed could destroy the democratic countries, many of whom are allies.    So I was wondering if you could just tell us what could be helpful. How can we monitor what is going on in 2017 so that we can be--it could be helpful as we deal with our allies over here?    Mr. Meeks. Do you want to say, Mr. Vejvoda?    Mr. Meeks. And you said something, and I get concerned, I think that Mr. Rohrabacher was probably right in certain things here even in the United States, because I get concerned that we may be turning into an oligarchy country, when you look at the number of folks with money and the financing. I think one of you mentioned the financing of political parties.    And I look at how our political parties, both sides are financed now by the ultra-1 percent, et cetera. To me, those are warning signs. So I don't to point a finger over there if there is something similar happening here and how that leads to whether it is populism or leads to a scenario where you have a strong-armed person that becomes the head of state or something of that nature.    And then at the same time you asked the question, Mr. Davidson, what can we do? And you had a certain thing. So I want to hear, what do you think we can do?    Mr. Vejvoda, you said that sanctions is not something that works. I mean, from my perspective, it depends upon how, because I look at then, what do you do if not sanctions? Is there a special type of sanctions? Or what do you do?    I look at, from my perspective, not in Europe, but the success that sanctions had in a place like South Africa to bring down a regime that was full of apartheid and injustices, et cetera.    So the question then is, what do you do? You can't sit by and do nothing. What would you say we do?    Start with Mr. Davidson.    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me just ask--where do I want to start? I am going to start with Mr. Kolesnikov. Did you ever experience any intimidation either before you released your information or after, or now any in your regular walk of life?    Mr. Meeks. Were you ever an associate of President Putin's?    Mr. Meeks. Could you tell us how or if he had any involvement in any of this or how he rationalized this?    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, and we will. And I would love to come back and have a further dialogue. I know we are running out of time. I just wanted to ask Mr. Davidson and Mr. Vejvoda a couple of ending questions also, because it has been a great hearing, and I am listening and learning, et cetera.    The question that comes into my mind now is, given what we have heard, is what does success even look like in the fight against corruption? What would you say? Can you give me an example, what does success look like? How can we make a determination if we are being successful?    And I add that on, for example, we currently have sanctions against Russia. Is that successful? Is it not? Should we alter it? What do you think it looks like?    Mr. Meeks. Mr. Davidson.    Mr. Meeks. I think my last, because I talked a lot about Russia, but I also wanted to just ask a question quickly about Ukraine.    Vice President Biden described corruption as eating Ukraine like a cancer; eating Ukraine like a cancer. How is the Government of Ukraine, if you have any ideas, working to fight this cancer? And what do you think are the stumbling blocks to it being successful?    Mr. Meeks. Thank you.