    Mr. Engel. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Moniz, than you for your testimony today, and thank you for all your good work in so many things. We really appreciate it.    I would like to join everyone in applauding your efforts----    Mr. Engel. I will do this. This is better.    Mr. Engel. OK. Generally not so hard to hear New Yorkers talk. I will just try to talk a little louder and not slur my words.    I want to applaud your efforts and the efforts of everybody involved in producing the first report of the QER Taskforce. I believe it really establishes a very sensible blueprint, making our electric grid more resilient, and to identify and improve vulnerabilities in our current energy transmission and distribution system.    As you know, Super Storm Sandy swept through my district and the surrounding region in October 2012, knocking out power to over 8 million people, and causing several fuel supply and distribution problems. Some New Yorkers in my district waited more than 2 weeks for their lights to turn back on, and struggled the whole time to keep their families safe and warm. So as a result, I am particularly focused on the ability of our grid and our entire energy transmission and distribution system to withstand future shocks, and also to recover quickly from any outage that might occur.    So could you please discuss how we are better prepared today than we were in 2012 for a storm like Sandy, and how the suggestions in the QER would build upon the improvements we have made? In particular, please touch on the establishment of the northeast reserve and the potential expansion of distributed generation through the REV Initiative in New York.    Mr. Engel. Thank you. Let me ask one more question. The QER report also recommends ways to further integrate the energy infrastructures of the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, and the idea is to enhance market opportunities, energy security, and sustainability. Some transmission lines already send hydropower from Quebec to the northeast United States, and the potential exists, obviously, for more capacity on more transmission lines in the region. Could you please talk about what role, if any, these transmission lines should play in our energy future?    Mr. Engel. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.