    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We have an important hearing today, always good to be talking about this topic. We have had a number of hearings on this. We do appreciate all the panel members that are going to be here. I do have an opening statement, but in the essence of time, I am going to simply submit that for the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. And I am sure Mr. Cummings has an opening statement that we will submit to the record as well.    Chairman Chaffetz. The United States of America has put a lot of time, effort, money, and blood into making the world a better place, and there is a lot of good work that has gone on, but there is also something different we do in the United States, and that is we are self-critical. We go back, we look, and we determine what has gone right and what is not going so right. And so today, we are going to have such a discussion, and it will be a good, vibrant discussion.    So I would like to actually recognize the panel and then we will swear you in and we will get right off to the statements.    Mr. John Sopko is the Special Inspector General for Afghan Reconstruction. Ms. Christine Abizaid is the deputy assistant secretary of defense for Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Central Asia, the United States Department of Defense. It is my understanding that you will give the one opening statement on behalf of the Department of Defense and that the rest of the panel will all participate in answering of the questions.    We also welcome Mr. Howard Strickley, programs director for the United States Army Corps of Engineers, Transatlantic Division at the United States Department of Defense; and Mr. Randy Brown, director of the Air Force Civil Engineering Center at the United States Department of Defense.    We welcome you all. We thank you for being here.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. You may be seated. And let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    I think you all have experience here. In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate your limiting testimony to no more than 20 minutes, or 5, whatever suits you best. I am just trying to make sure that we are--based on some of our hearings, that would be record time. But we will give you great latitude here. We would love to hear proactively your perspective.    Mr. Sopko, you are now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you, Mr. Sopko. And I appreciate the diligent work that you and your team do in a very, very difficult place.    And, Ms. Abizaid, I can't thank enough the men and women who actually serve in the military, again, very difficult conditions at best. We know how difficult it is. But we would appreciate the Department of Defense's perspective, and so we will now recognize you for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you move that mic--just bring it right on down there.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, much better.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I will now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Duncan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize the gentlewoman from New Jersey, Mrs. Watson Coleman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I would now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. You can move the microphone right up under your--there we go.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I am now going to recognize myself.    Mr. Sopko, let's go to 60,000 feet here for a second. Give us the big numbers and dollars spent. And I want our colleagues and everybody to understand the numbers that we are going to talk about here have nothing to do with the war fight, okay? They don't have anything to do with our fighting, the men and women, feeding them, housing them, tanks, airplanes, whatever else we need to fight the war. This is the construction part of the aid that we are giving them. How much money have we spent in just Afghanistan? It is north of $100 billion, is it not?    Chairman Chaffetz. So of the $113 billion that has been spent, how much if it has been appropriated but not yet allocated or not yet spent?    Chairman Chaffetz. So $11 billion in the pipeline. So to the three representatives from the Department of Defense, how much is enough? How much more money does it take from the United States taxpayers, from the men and women who actually do the jobs and make the money and pay their taxes, how much more money do we have to pour into Afghanistan for just the reconstruction? Or is this just going to go on in perpetuity with no end? How much more do you need?    Chairman Chaffetz. So if you have 4 billion more dollars, you are going to be fine?    Chairman Chaffetz. Annually?    Ms. Abizaid.--a year. Yes, sir.    Chairman Chaffetz. That is just to continue to stand up the Afghan Government?    Chairman Chaffetz. And that would come from this fund is what you want?    Chairman Chaffetz. So yesterday and tomorrow, we are having a hearing about Flint and water. I just don't understand how we pour $100 billion into Afghanistan and we have got people who can't turn on a faucet in Michigan and drink the water. And so we are in tough financial straits in our own country. We are $19 trillion, trillion in debt. And it sounds to me like we have got some $7 billion that is sitting on the sidelines that has already been appropriated. This is not new money. It has already been set aside that you don't need next year, correct? Is that accurate? If you have $11 billion that has been appropriated but not yet allocated and you need less than $4 billion a year to stand up the Afghan Government, what are you doing with the other $8 billion?    Chairman Chaffetz. How much does that cost?    Chairman Chaffetz. So help me with the math here. What is the annual expenditure the American Government needs to spend in--or that the military and the State Department and everybody else wants to spend every year?    Chairman Chaffetz. This is just the reconstruction, no fighting.    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Mr. Sopko.--legal taxes. They do illegally tax our contractors, but let's just say legal taxes. It costs about $4-$5 billion for the military. So we've got a $3 billion delta.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. And what percentage is the United States paying versus the rest of the world?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, sorry, Mr. Sopko, help me get the top line number here. How much money are we putting in and how much is the rest of the world putting in, DOD plus State Department, USAID, all that?    Chairman Chaffetz. And how much--is there any extra money just floating around because, Mr. Sopko, last time we talked about, it was nearly $20 billion. We were doing more projects in Afghanistan than we ever were in the history of Afghanistan, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, We have been at it for 14 years, so where are we at?    Chairman Chaffetz. You can't drive from the airport to the embassy. I have driven that. It is not a long distance. But you can't do that today. So are you telling me it is more secure or less secure?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, it is less ----    Ms. Abizaid.--that is what ----    Chairman Chaffetz.--secure.    Ms. Abizaid.--we're trying to do to protect ourselves.    Chairman Chaffetz. With indulgence here from the rest of the committee, I have a couple other questions. You know what, let me go back. I will have to ask a second round, but let me ask one other really quick question.    How many people do we have in Afghanistan? I want to know how many DOD personnel and contractors do we have there, not just so-called boots on the ground but I think this boots on the ground is a facade because really when you go and you hire thousands or hundreds of--I don't know what the number is--of contractors, I don't know how those aren't human beings as well. How many people does the Department of Defense have on the ground in Afghanistan?    Chairman Chaffetz. You have got a lot of staff sitting behind you, so if somebody could work on that number before the end of this hearing, that would be really helpful.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. And how many employees or--whether they be military, USAID, State Department?    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. A lot of staff back there.    Chairman Chaffetz. Bust out those smartphones. We are going to come up with this number before we leave this hearing.    Now, let's recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. Kelly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Massie, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. He makes a good point. And I would also add to that that this is how the insurgency is funded, right, is it not? I mean, this is where they get their money, their assets to fight and kill and take down America, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentlewoman would yield, I wish what you said was true, but it is not because when we look at the American taxpayer dollars, you are a portion of it. Then, you go over to the USAID, you go to State Department, you go to the others, you start to quickly realize that all these other spends on building, you know, goat farms and other things like that, we are spending money on all those things.    And if the Department of Defense was just focused on helping secure Afghanistan, I think that that would be a different equation, but it is not. And I will come back to it.    But let's recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize myself here.    Mr. Sopko, tell me about the Kabul Bank. I had asked you previously about the Kabul Bank. Is there any sort of update on that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Very good. Thank you.    Somebody from the Department of Defense, what is the Task Force for Business and Stability Operations? What does that do and why is the Department of Defense doing it?    Chairman Chaffetz. So ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Look, I believe in our United States military. I think that they can do anything if they are given the mission and the tools to do it. But I worry that we ask the Department of Defense to go in and do things that is not core to their mission. We are great war fighters at the Department of Defense, but to go in and start doing business operations is maybe a bridge too far.    Of all the projects you have on your plate, of all the projects moving forward, what is not related to military or the building up of security forces in Afghanistan?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you have a list of everything that you have built? I understand that the CERP funds are very difficult at that level, but do you have a list of things that you have actually built?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Sopko, do you have that list? No. And what we're talking about, I think, is the CERP. CERP is the big--is the black hole. We built a lot, and it's not just digging ditches. We built schools, clinics, and a bunch of other things, and we don't really have that central database. We don't have a central database. Nobody does of all the work that was done in Afghanistan. GAO has found that, and we have repeatedly found that, and we have made recommendations there should be a central database of all reconstruction projects.    And I think my colleague even agrees. With the exception of CERP, they have a pretty good idea, but the CERP funds, we have no idea what we have built.    Chairman Chaffetz. How much money did we spend there?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    Chairman Chaffetz. You made an assertion that we have--you said, ``we have increased oversight.'' Really? How do you make that case because it doesn't seem like that is the case. What is the metric you used to come to that conclusion that you have increased oversight?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me ask you a simple question. Do you have a picture of every project that we have ever done?    Chairman Chaffetz. That is one thing I have been asking for for years, more, quite frankly, from the State Department. It just seems that in today's digital world we can take a picture. That is at least some oversight that we actually built something.    The concern is the drawdown of the forces and the ability to even get outside the walls is greatly diminished. Mr. Sopko, perhaps you can give perspective here as I wrap up this line of questioning.    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. Let's now recognize Mr. Carter of Georgia for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. And it is about time we get USAID and the State Department back up here because so much of the waste, fraud, the abuse is found within their organizations.    Chairman Chaffetz. I would now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica.    Mr. Mica.--going in to a country that only has a $5 billion annual budget.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Just a couple of questions here as we wrap up.    Ms. Abizaid, if the SIGAR is asking for the top 10 projects, is that something you can get for him?    Chairman Chaffetz. When? By when? When is a good reasonable time to get him that?    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. Fair enough.    You mentioned biometric IDs. Explain to me how you are doing biometric IDs.    Chairman Chaffetz. You can go ahead and leave that microphone on because I am going to keep asking you a few more questions. When you say biometric information, what would that include?    Chairman Chaffetz. Will it include a picture?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you take fingerprints? I mean ----    Chairman Chaffetz. But don't most people get paid through a hawala system? I mean they are not going to a Wells Fargo bank or Bank of America to go cash their checks.    Chairman Chaffetz. Where ----    Ms. Abizaid.--but we've actually moved to a mobile money system, which has had significant success and it's--it connects soldiers to actual bank accounts, and they can see on their phone what their balance is and how much they have--they are due for ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. We are fascinated with the--and, Mr. Sopko, I hope you can help follow up on this because I think that is laudable but I think it is--I can't imagine that you can actually pull that off. I think that is probably the standard we should get to, but we have a hard time executing that here in the United States with an awful lot of infrastructure. In a place like Afghanistan I have a hard time believing that they can actually execute on that. But more luck to you but I don't know how much it is going to cost. I mean, we are dealing right now with the homeland security that has a very difficult time with this at best. And, Mr. Sopko, if you can follow up on that, that would be great.    Chairman Chaffetz. Great.    Mr. Sopko.--but, you know, this is 15 years into this we're finally getting that. And we're asking for people, when they leave, to give their identity cards back, and we hadn't been doing that. We've issued a number of reports on it, but we are glad to see CSTC-A is moving out on that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Great.    Chairman Chaffetz. Very good. Mr. Sopko, we have talked about this in the past, but the $100 billion plus, how much do you actually think got to Afghanistan? How much has been siphoned off? How much can we actually point to and verify?    Chairman Chaffetz. How much--and tell me about--you have cited, Ms. Abizaid, about the fixed wing. Explain that project and why you think it is a success. And how much did we spend on it?    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. So I want to try to tackle this one again. How many people do we have working for the United States in Afghanistan?    Chairman Chaffetz. And that's just for the Department of Defense?    Chairman Chaffetz. Right.    Ms. Abizaid.--other numbers. And then in terms of civilian manning, we're talking about 290 now but I think that the requirement for civilian manning will likely increase as our military footprint decreases.    Chairman Chaffetz. And, Mr. Sopko, when you cite nearly 40,000 contractors, is that in addition to her 11,000 or does that include--when you say 40,000, it includes the Department of Defense?    Chairman Chaffetz. So we have just less than 10,000 troops. In addition to that, we have roughly 40,000 contractors, correct, for ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. We are paying close to 50,000 people to be there, correct? Between contractors and troops, some of them are Americans, some of them are not Americans, it is roughly 50,000 people ----    Ms. Abizaid.--estimate, sir.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. All right. Listen, thank you so much. There are a lot of good people in very difficult, dangerous situations. They are away from their family. I have been there several times. I need to go back again. But it is a difficult mission, but it is also a vital mission, and I cannot thank the men and women enough who are putting their lives on the line to do this.    So we thank the four of you for your dedication and your patriotism and your commitment to the country. This is a valuable exercise. A lot of work goes into these reports and the analysis, and I don't want to do think that it just goes up on some shelf. It is very, very helpful as we try to figure out from our component or our vantage point, you know, what it is we should do or where we should go next.    So thank you again very much for that, and the committee stands adjourned.