    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Sherman, members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify today. I appreciate the very important role that this committee plays in shaping U.S. policy. Before I begin I ask that my full statement be entered into the record and I will summarize my comments.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you.    I am especially thrilled to be here with my good friend and colleague and fellow House staff alumnus Jon Stivers. I am also very pleased, Mr. Chairman, that you have chosen to frame today's hearing as the U.S. Rebalance to South Asia.    President Obama has clearly stated why our strategic interests in the Indo-Pacific are so clear and compelling. As the world's fastest growing region, the coming decades will increasingly show that America's security and prosperity will be linked to that of Asia.    Mr. Chairman, in your district alone demand from Asia supports 34 percent of export-related jobs and accounts for 30 percent of total exports, worth over $\1/2\ billion per year. And South Asia, with nearly 2 billion people, an entrepreneurial culture, and a resurgent Indian economy at its center, will play a large role in shaping the Asian narrative in the decades to come.    But in order for the region to achieve its potential, countries must grapple with the myriad challenges that impede progress. Democratic governance is fragile in a number of countries and must be strengthened. Burgeoning youth populations, increasing urbanization, and environmental stresses must be addressed to create sustainable and inclusive economic growth.    The President's budget request for South Asia, at just over $383 million, enables us to partner with governments, businesses, civil society and security forces to address challenges and to unlock opportunities for the region's people and for the American people.    While my testimony does not cover Afghanistan and Pakistan, I do oversee the broad areas of regional cooperation and connectivity between those two countries and the rest of South and Central Asia. And while South Asia boasts some of the world's fastest growing economies, regionally it is one of the least economically integrated, so our regional initiatives are focused on helping connect the countries of South Asia not just to each other but also to Central Asia, through our New Silk Road initiative, and to Southeast Asia, through the Indo-Pacific Economic Corridor. We work to promote the virtuous networks of trade and commerce, but we also work to inhibit the vicious networks of violence and crime, of terrorism and narcotics and human trafficking.    Mr. Chairman, the primary economic engine in South Asia is India, where our bilateral relationship is stronger than ever. President Obama's historic visit during Republic Day was a great success, not only because of the symbolism of being the first U.S. President invited to be India's chief guest on Republic Day, but also for the very substantial outcomes that his interactions with Prime Minister Modi produced in four key areas--advancing our strategic partnership to address common goals, enhancing our security cooperation, deepening our economic ties, and increasing cooperation on clean energy and climate goals. These specific outcomes are elaborated in my written testimony, but we are very focused now on implementation and operationalization of these outcomes.    The political transition in Sri Lanka, as you mentioned, Mr. Chairman, has also opened up new possibilities in that bilateral relationship. We strongly support the new government's focus on strengthening the country's democratic institutions, rebuilding its economy, and pursuing meaningful and lasting reconciliation.    In Bangladesh, we see the potential for a modern, prosperous, strong and inclusive country. As the world's top contributor of peacekeeping forces, it is bringing stability to countries around the globe. And our assistance programs there have yielded some of the best returns on investment, addressing some of the points, Mr. Chairman, that you raised and that Mr. Connolly raised about the efficacy of U.S. assistance. Yet the political stalemate and continuing violence in Dhaka have taken a real toll on the people and the economy. We have underscored to opposition parties the need to curb violent protest while at the same time we have strongly urged the government to provide space for peaceful protest, to expand press freedoms, and to create an inclusive political process.    With respect to labor, nearly 2 years after the collapse of Rana Plaza, Bangladesh has made important progress on labor safety, especially in the number of inspectors trained and buildings inspected. But for all the progress that we have seen, we have not seen the lasting change in attitudes, enforcement, and incentives that will bring Bangladesh in line with international labor standards, so that work continues.    Mr. Chairman, in Nepal, after decades of conflict and insurgency, the country is on the cusp of creating an inclusive constitution that guarantees fundamental rights to all of its people--if all sides can compromise to support a consensus based approach. We are supporting that democratic transition and its economic development while also partnering on security cooperation focused on strengthening Nepal's significant contribution to U.N. peacekeeping operations.    Lastly, Mr. Chairman, the two smallest democracies, Maldives and Bhutan. As you noted, in Maldives we have an important but small program focused on counter terrorism and violent extremism, as well as on climate change, and the bilateral relationship had been on a positive glide path. However, we are deeply concerned about recent events, including last week's conviction and sentencing of former President Nasheed. Bhutan is a country with which we have very warm ties, and we seek new ways to support that government's very strong commitment to preserving its environment through regional programs focused on clean energy and biodiversity.    Let me conclude, Mr. Chairman, by reiterating that the security and the prosperity of the United States increasingly will be tied to the security and prosperity of Asia. The United States can and must play a leading role in shaping and supporting that region's stability and growth in the decades to come. Thank you Mr. Chairman, I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Biswal. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. As you noted and as Ranking Member Sherman noted in your opening comments and in your question, the economic partnership with India is a very important one and we are very much interested in seeing India's economic rise and being a partner to India in that.    American companies bring cutting-edge technology and best practices and are highly sought after in terms of investment and partnership in India. But they face certain impediments, and the focus on the bilateral investment treaty has long been as a mechanism to create the kind of enabling environment that provides the framework for greater ease of investing in and doing business in India.    And with India having now concluded its own Model BIT framework, we are poised to be able to engage with the Indians and commence in negotiations on a bilateral investment treaty. There are ongoing conversations between the U.S. Trade Representative's office, the Department of State, and our Indian counterparts on launching into BIT negotiations. We want to make sure that any bilateral investment treaty is very high quality and high standard and reflects the expectations of our companies and the best practices that we have gleaned from our engagements around the world. We believe that that will clear the path for greater ease of dispute resolution, addressing issues of taxation and other things that impede investment in India.    You made reference to challenges faced by companies like Amazon, and I know that with respect to things like e-commerce that this is in a developing field within India in terms of how to deal with the issues of Internet commerce and the tax implications. There is a pending case with respect to Amazon, but there is also a movement toward creating a standardized goods and services tax in India that can, I think, potentially create the broader framework for companies like Amazon on how things like e-commerce will be governed in terms of taxation. So we look forward to seeing forward progress on the GST and see how that can address this. I know that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has opined on this issue as well, and the need to be able to create greater dependability and predictability with respect to the taxation issues.    And finally, with respect to what we can do to support India's efforts to address pollution and air quality issues, LNG is certainly one area where in fact the first export licenses for American LNG were issued to a company that was exporting to India, and so we certainly see that as a particular avenue.    We are also working across the board in other ways to address issues of environment and air quality. India has said that it is going to issue a uniform air quality index, measurement index. We have agreed in our climate and energy Memorandum of Understanding, that was agreed to during the President's visit, on creating an air quality working group to look at these issues and explore how we can partner, how we can work together. We also talked about addressing issues of emissions from heavy vehicles and other ways to reduce air pollution.    So we look forward to bringing the kind of technical expertise and know-how, as well as the technology that American companies bring, to addressing these kinds of challenges.    Ms. Biswal. So the $383 million is the assistance budget. It includes the USAID development assistance programs and it also includes the security assistance programs and other assistance programs managed by the Department of State. It does not include the overall diplomatic operations and engagements that support our diplomatic engagement in the region.    Ms. Biswal. And it does not include Afghanistan and Pakistan.    Ms. Biswal. I don't have that number at the top of my head in terms of the breakout specific to the South Asia DNCP component. I would be happy to get those numbers for you, Mr. Sherman.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Congressman. I think one of the big breakthroughs during the President's visit on Republic Day was the progress made on implementing the 123 Agreement, the Civil Nuclear Cooperation, and the breakthroughs were in two key areas. One was on creating the understandings and assurances on tracking fissile material that allow us to move forward and to be in compliance with our requirements with respect to tracking of fissile material.    And the second was on this issue of nuclear liability and clarifications from the Government of India from the Prime Minister himself as well as the Foreign Minister about the liability for operators as opposed to for suppliers, which is largely in keeping with the conventional and supplementary compensation. That articulation by the highest levels of the Indian Government about its interpretation of Indian law with respect to how liability accrues is in keeping with the CSC and paves the way now for the Indian Parliament to ratify the CSC, which we hope that they will do in short order. That is something that is largely for the Indian system to take up. We are hopeful that that progress on ratification will be made in the near future.    Ms. Biswal. It would provide the assurances of how India sees and accrues liability in the event of any kind of a happenstance. So it does therefore then guide how companies would see their own liabilities and how the courts would see and determine liability, we believe.    Ms. Biswal. I will answer briefly and then turn to my colleague as well to chime in on the Sri Lanka support prospects and priorities.    With respect to the bureaucratic restructuring that you referenced with respect to the South and Central Asia Bureau and the Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, this is something that we are looking at very closely. We have always felt and articulated that, at the right time, we wanted to reintegrate and combine these entities--which were very important at the time while we had an ongoing conflict and a very large and complex operation to manage--to be able to provide that dedicated management focus by creating a Special Representative's office. I think as we look at the transition in Afghanistan, we are looking to see in the near future how we bring that structure and reintegrate that into the Bureau. So that is something that I think we will be looking at and moving forward on in the months ahead.    With respect to Sri Lanka, I think you are absolutely right to focus on some of the very deep challenges in terms of supporting reconciliation, and that is to address some of these longstanding issues of land. The government has actually set a fairly ambitious 100-day plan and has started down that path including, I believe, just in the past day or so there was an announcement in Jaffna by the government, by the commission on land that I believe they set up, on returning the initial parcels of land. We think that that is a good start and we know much, much more needs to be done. And the United States has said it has committed that Sri Lanka will not be walking down that path alone; that we are committed to helping them address some of these key issues so that there can be more meaningful reconciliation moving forward.    But why don't I turn to Jon Stivers on that.    Ms. Biswal. Thank you, Congressman. This is an issue that has caused concern at the Department as well. The United States adopted the T visa status in line with our obligations under the Palermo Protocol to permit trafficking victims to remain in the United States in appropriate cases and to reunite with immediate family members. We have expressed our concern to the Government of India over this alleged policy, both here in Washington and in India through our Ambassador, and we continue to engage with the Indians on this issue.    Shortly after learning of this new policy, our officials visited in New Delhi and met with the Ministry of External Affairs to gather additional information and to obtain a copy of this new policy. Our Consular Affairs Bureau, our Embassy officials, and I myself personally, have raised these issues with Indian officials both as part of our U.S.-India consular dialogue and as part of our ongoing diplomatic engagement.    Ms. Biswal. The Indian Government has said that they believe that our issuing visas to their citizens on issues where they believe there should be a domestic judicial process to address these concerns--that they don't support that. However, I would add that this issue has received significant domestic attention in India as well and has already been challenged in the Indian courts.    At the state level, the State of Kerala's High Court has recently ruled that India's ban on T visas violates fundamental rights guaranteed by India's constitution. So I think that this is a policy that is under considerable debate and discussion within India as well as being the subject of U.S.-India conversations.    Ms. Biswal. If I could add to what my colleague has said on the assistance side, we have been very engaged diplomatically on urging a lessening in the violence and an improvement in terms of the political climate in Dhaka, where Ambassador Marcia Bernicat working with her colleagues in the diplomatic community, ten Chiefs of Missions working together, met with leadership in both parties and with the government to address our concerns and to convey our concerns about, one, the level of violence, and two, creating conditions for greater political dialogue and to create a more inclusive political environment.    We have been quite clear both privately and publicly about the fact that we believe there is no place for violent protest in political discourse and have urged that any political parties that have been party to such violent protest, that they have to first and foremost reject violence, and secondly, we have been quite clear that we need to see some space for a political dialogue and have urged the government to try to create that space.    I do agree, Congresswoman, that there has been a decrease in violence over the past couple of weeks and we hope that that trend continues, and we will continue to work with our Bangladeshi friends. Because at the end of the day, we all want to see Bangladesh continue to move forward as a stable, secure and prosperous country that is able to provide opportunity for all of its citizens and to be able to continue to play the strong and constructive role that it plays in advancing global security through its contributions in peacekeeping and through other ways. So this is an issue where we are very intensively engaged in trying to support improvements in that political environment.    Ms. Biswal. Jon, do you want to----    Ms. Biswal. I would also just add that some of the most powerful voices on women's empowerment and women's security are Indian voices and that there has been a tremendous amount of media attention and focus within civil society and within the business community in India. And our goal is to support Indian efforts and Indian initiatives because we believe that there is very strong leadership emerging in India to address these issues.    Ms. Biswal. Well, thank you very much, Congressman. Clearly India and India's rise as a net security provider across the Indian Ocean region is going to be of growing importance. We want to have partners that we can work with that share our goals and values in terms of the global order and the rules based world that we want to see, and we know that in order to bring that about we need to have partner countries that can do that. And investing in India's capabilities is profoundly in our self interest in that sense.    The DTTI initiative is really focused on again advancing those kinds of efforts that bring Indian capabilities and really look toward advancing interoperability between our two militaries so that we can continue to deepen the partnership. India is taking on a greater role in maritime security on addressing issues like piracy and in creating the environment for safe commerce to occur. And so in DTTI we have seen in looking at carrier technology, in looking at things like the pathfinder projects and things like UAVs and such, we are looking at how we can invest in those capabilities. I think Undersecretary Kendall was just there and has been making good progress in that area.