    Mr. Marino. The Judiciary Committee will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone this morning to our hearing on the Register's Perspective on Copyright and Review. And I know we will get a very thorough, in-depth analysis of this.    I'm going to turn first now to Ranking Member Conyers for his statement.    And Chairman Goodlatte will arrive shortly to give his opening statement.    And, with that, Ranking Member Conyers.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Congressman.    I want to welcome our distinguished witness here today.    And if you would please rise and raise your right hand, I will swear you in. Do you swear that the testimony you're about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth so help you God?    Mr. Marino. Please let the record reflect the witness has answered in the affirmative. Please have a seat.    I'm going to begin by introducing the witness today. She has been to our Committee numerous times. And we look even more forward today to having her here, the Register of Copyrights, Ms. Maria Pallante.    And, in her role as Register, Ms. Pallante leads the legal policy and business activities of the United States Copyright Office. Prior to being named the 12th Register of Copyrights, Ms. Pallante served the Copyright Office in a variety of roles, including Deputy General Counsel, and then as Associate Register and Director of Policy and International Affairs.    During her career, she also spent several years as intellectual property counsel and director of licensing for the worldwide Guggenheim Museums. Register Pallante is a 1990 graduate of the George Washington University Law School and holds a bachelor's degree in history from Misericordia University.    Ms. Pallante, welcome back, and we are extremely pleased to have you here today. Your written statement will be entered into the record in its entirety. And I ask that you summarize your testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within the time limit, you're used to the lights in front of you. I'm not going to go through that ordeal.    And would you please begin.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Ms. Pallante.    We will now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions for the witness. And I will be begin by recognizing myself for 5 minutes.    And, Ms. Pallante, I think you know where I'm coming from when I say this: If we could just take exactly what you said and not have a hearing and do it, we would be fine. But we have to have a hearing.    Mr. Marino. And we will proceed that way.    I first want to thank you for your diligent work in advising this Committee in our extensive oversight. Your insight is an invaluable process that helps us get through this. Your frameworking of the system the way it is and where it should be is very remarkable. And I've never heard such a precise, accurate, complete report to Congress done in less than 10 minutes. So I thank you for that.    As we move forward, wrapping up through this review, it is clear that several changes must be made to bring the Copyright Office and copyright law into the 21st century. And I know no one is going to do it better than you. We have to modernize the Copyright Office, being chiefly--that's the number one thing among what has to be done.    But, first, I would like to request that I be able to enter a statement from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce that outlines their views on copyright reform, which includes their echo of support for restructuring the Copyright Office. Do I hear any objection? Hearing none, then so ordered.    Mr. Marino. Ms. Pallante, the idea for an efficient, searchable database seems to have a lot of support. Can you tell us what you believe you and your team would need in terms of resources, personnel, et cetera, in order to create and maintain such a database that will get us into the second half of the 21st century?    Mr. Marino. My next question, on the issue of depositing their works for purposes of registration, I'm told there are limited instances in which a party can simply apply and produce a copy in digital form. Is this true?    Mr. Marino. And, in 50 seconds, my last question, can you describe the system used for parties to register in order to receive the safe harbor under DMCA?    Mr. Marino. Yes.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. And we've come in under the wire by 15 seconds.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, the Ranking Member, Congressman Conyers.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Congressman Issa.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Congressman Nadler.