    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I am having one of those days where I have got two of these going on at the same time. In fact, we were talking about nutrition over at Ag, and the food bank process and how that is working coordinating with the SNAP program.    But I represent Georgia's 12th district where roughly 31 percent of children have limited or uncertain access to adequate nutritious food. These kids come from great families but, because of economic times, you know, they struggle to make ends meet living paycheck to paycheck.    We all know how important child nutrition is and I thank you for your work in that area. And, you know, our school food programs ensure that kids have access to the foods.    Dr. Krey, you state in your testimony that 19.5 percent of American households with children are food insecure. Can you discuss what being food insecure means and how that impacts children specifically?    Mr. Allen. Good. Thank you.    I recently saw a poll that indicated about 93 percent of parents in Georgia think school food service should serve a fruit and vegetable on every meal. For example, in Burke County in my district, they are having a lot of success with the Farm-to-School program serving locally-grown collard greens, one of my personal favorites, along with sweet potatoes, cabbage, broccoli and other favorites, strawberries, whole grain grits and, because we are a big blueberry area now, and with, you know, mixing that with whole wheat flour and local products. Do you think programs like Farm-to-School or Smarter Lunchrooms have been helpful, and how can we grow that program?    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Ms. Bauscher.--is a wonderful success story and we tap her all the time to share her successes and her recipes with members to inspire them.    I think Farm-to-School programs are very important. Many, many school food authorities have Farm-to-School programs or school garden programs. To Mrs. McAuliffe's point earlier, it is important that kids learn where food comes from. And when kids are actively involved in growing and harvesting food, they are more likely to consume it and generally consume more.    One of the programs we haven't touched on today at all is the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program, available in schools with high at-risk students. I have got 30 of my schools that participate in that program. It includes a nutrition education component and we work through that program to teach children where their food comes from, why it is healthy for them, and, anecdotally, I know that in schools that participate in that program, they choose and consume more fruits and vegetables with their meal.    The unfortunate part is that program is not available to all school food authorities. So it is a wonderful program that not only provides nutrition education but, again, encourages kids to consume healthier fruits and vegetables.    Mr. Allen. How can we make that more available? Is there just the rural versus urban--    Mr.Allen. Right.    Ms. Bauscher.--students qualify for free or reduced meals.    Mr. Allen. I got you.    Mr. Allen. Good. Yes, Donna did share a lot of this information with me and I am very appreciative of her efforts, as well.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the remainder of my time.