    Mr. Rokita. I thank the chairman. I thank the witnesses for their testimony. I couldn't be here for most of it because I happened to be chairing another subcommittee, but I had some staff in the room, and they have listened and reported. And so forgive me if these questions might seem repetitive. I am told they are not.    As a member of the subcommittee, I have been trying to study as best I can the different issues and relaying and applying them to the situation in our State of Indiana, and I come up with these. If the States were to take over the internal waterway dredging, would that free up the Corps to pursue its locks and dams projects faster?    Mr. Rokita. But the question is generic. I mean, just conceptually if States were to take over the dredging responsibilities, would you be able to move faster on your dams and locks projects?    Mr. Rokita. Because right now the dredging is your responsibility, and where does that funding come from?    Mr. Rokita. So if we were to take it over, the dredging is behind schedule is my point. Right, or not?    Mr. Rokita. If we were to take it over, fight about who is paying for it later, would that free you up?    General Bostick. In terms of----    Mr. Rokita. General?    General Bostick. They are not as related. It seems that way. But one, it is different pots of money for the infrastructure improvement of the locks and dams and then the dredging.    But the other challenges, these inland waterways are all connected, and it is really a national system, and the Corps has responsibility to ensure that that national inland waterway system is operating, and there are puts and takes, and there are key decisions all up and down the inland waterways. If a State chose because of lack of funding or some other reason that they could not prioritize it, then the Nation would have an issue.    Mr. Rokita. Any worse than now? You are behind.    General Bostick. I think so. I think we----    Mr. Rokita. Worse than you?    General Bostick. Right now, the responsibility is on the Corps of Engineers to ensure the dredging occurs to manage flooding, so navigation and flood risk management all come together. So it is complicated.    Mr. Rokita. I take your point. I take your point.    What was the last new project undertaken by the Army Corps of Engineers, and what year was it? The last new project.    General Bostick. We have projects ongoing. Olmsted is a good example that we are in.    Mr. Rokita. How about new development project?    Mr. Rokita. OK. Anything else to point to?    Mr. Rokita. For example, this committee, some members of this committee went down to Panama. We saw their new locks being built.    Mr. Rokita. But anything new like that, that the Army's----    Mr. Rokita . The Corps is undertaking?    Mr. Rokita. Let me ask this one. I have got about 1 minute left. The Harbor Maintenance Fund generates a surplus every year under my study. That is correct, right? What can be done to protect these funds to be used for water projects only, and does the administration support using the fund for water projects only?    Mr. Rokita. OK. So none of the harbor maintenance funds are used for anything but water projects?    Mr. Rokita. So there is no fund money going to anything else?    Mr. Rokita. Not water projects?    Mr. Rokita. Right. But my question was, your opinion, and where is the administration. Does the administration support water projects only? Or by virtue of what you just said, obviously not.    Mr. Rokita. I think my time has expired. I appreciate the witnesses.    Mr. Rokita. I thank the chairman again. Following up on my questions from before. I was asking about new projects, and my followup question would be what is more important, funding new projects or funding existing projects and getting them done, how do you balance it, and would it be helpful if there was a different kind of funding stream or source created by Congress to manage those two kinds of projects better?    Mr. Rokita. Thank you. Speaking of the Olmsted Dam, do you think in that particular--or Olmsted locks, do you think in that particular situation there the funding is adequate for completion, or what would be needed to expedite it? Are you familiar with the particular project?    General Bostick. It is a $3 billion project at this point, and we have the funds that we need, and we are on a good timeline to finish, so I think that is at a point where we are pretty confident of the budget in the timeline.    Mr. Rokita. OK. How about the Soo locks? I mean, 20 years ago, if I get it right, Congress authorized funding. What could we do to expedite that project?    Mr. Rokita. Yeah.    Mr. Rokita. OK. Are you doing it?    Mr. Rokita. OK. Are you?    Mr. Rokita. Is that an internal decision you can make or is that something Congress has to bless or what?    Mr. Rokita. OK.    Mr. Rokita. OK. So this goes back to my last question, and it went to your value determination. Being new to the committee, forgive this if it is widely known, but when you all determine what the biggest bang for the buck, is, is value determination, complete a project, start a new one, value to the country, I think, was you term, is that decision guided by guidelines from Congress regulations or is it completely up to agency discretion?    Mr. Rokita. Yeah, but do you make what that--do you decide what that is?    Mr. Rokita. So your discretion.    Mr. Rokita. I would ask that your discretion include the Soo locks economic development phase. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.