    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    To the witnesses, I hope that as you listened to the chairman, if you think that the cases that he has cited, previous cases involving, for example, the U.S. attorneys are distinguishable from what's happening here today, I'd just like to know. I think he makes a very good point. Other than the fact that in, I guess in some of those cases, at least, the Justice Department was accused of doing something wrong, but I would like to know exactly where you all stand on that, because I think he makes a very good point.    Well, here we are again, another day in the Oversight Committee, another emergency hearing about Hillary Clinton. Today is the second hearing about Secretary Clinton we have held in three business days, and tomorrow we will have a third.    For the record, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you. And I want the American public to know that you have agreed to schedule a hearing on EpiPen, which affects so many of our constituents because that too is an emergency situation for the constituents of every member who sits here in this chamber right now.    As far as I can tell, the only emergency is that the election is less than 2 months away. The real reason for today's hearing is that FBI Director James Comey refused to be summoned before this committee yet again. He refused. Director Comey has already bent over backwards, departed from longstanding law enforcement precedent, and provided our committee with an unmatched level of transparency about his internal decisionmaking regarding this investigation.    First, he announced the results of his investigation publicly. Normally, the FBI does not discuss its internal decisionmaking, but Director Comey did so in this case.    Second, he agreed to testify in an emergency hearing before our committee 48 hours after his announcement. This is the FBI director. He sat right there in the witness chair and he testified about the evidence they obtained, the law they applied, and the decisionmaking process they employed. He described how, quote, ``an all-star team,'' unquote, of career FBI investigators came to the unanimous conclusion and how it wasn't even close.    But the Republicans did not like the answers Director Comey gave, so they demanded copies of the FBI's internal investigative files. Again, in sharp break from past precedent, the FBI director agreed to share documents from the investigation in an effort to put this question to rest.    But again, that was not enough for the Republicans, so they demanded the public release of these documents. Yet again, Director Comey broke from precedent. He released the FBI's internal investigative memo and the notes from their interview with Secretary Clinton.    Let me state the obvious here. No matter what Director Comey does, it will never be enough for the Republicans. They are demanding that he bring criminal charges against Secretary Clinton, despite the fact that the evidence simply is not there. And that is something nobody, with integrity, would ever do.    We sat here and we listened to Director Comey. Stated there were two things that matter most to him in his life. He said his family and his reputation.    Last week, the Republicans wanted Director Comey to come up here one more time. But this time he said: Enough is enough. He spoke with Chairman Chaffetz personally and he told him enough is enough. In response, the chairman rushed to call today's emergency hearing. He dashed out letters as late as Thursday night, threatening even more subpoenas.    The problem is that he invited the wrong people. The witnesses here today are the legislative affairs staffers from the FBI and other agencies. They did not make the decisions the chairman is upset about. Those decisions were made by none other than Director Comey.    If the chairman has a problem with Director Comey, he should take it up with him, not beat up on legislative affairs staffers because the FBI director wants no part of any partisan charade. The FBI's legislative affairs staffer has been in his job for just a few weeks, Mr. Herring, and is currently serving in an acting capacity. He has been very responsive with our committee, and it makes no sense to hammer him just because he's following the directives of his boss, Director Comey.    The whole hearing is a bait and switch. I have the invitation letters right here. And the chairman says that this hearing will be held in a classified session. I ask unanimous consent to put them in the record, your letters about this hearing.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. So that is what these witnesses prepared for. I don't know whether they spent their weekends preparing for a classified hearing or not, but I assume they did. They did not prepare to answer questions in open session. So what are we doing here?    At the last minute, the chairman decided to hold this hearing in open session to try to generate more headlines rather than obtain the classified information he claims to seek. It is fundamentally unfair and irresponsible to force these witnesses to answer questions about this issue in open session. As we have all heard, the classification level of these documents have changed repeatedly, and dozens of highly trained diplomats did not think many of them were classified.    These witnesses should not be forced to make surprise or on-the-spot determinations about what they can and cannot say in an open session. After all, we've had debates for the last several months about what's classified and what isn't classified. So not only is this unfair, but it risks the inadvertent disclosure of classified information.    We should hold this hearing in a closed session, like the chairman said he would in his letter, rather than gather the information and then review the written transcript to determine what can be released publicly and what cannot. That is how a responsible approach would look, but that is not what is happening here.    I guess this is what happens when you try to schedule a public attack against Hillary Clinton for every day of the week. You get frantic and you swap substantive discussions or set up hearings and cheap press hits. Democrats who are in this committee have serious questions--and by the way, Republicans have serious questions. It is not just the Democrats. --about our broken classification system. Even the chairman agreed with me last week that the system is broken and we need to work together to do something about it.    And we all have, I think, have concerns about why so many of these documents were retroactively classified long after they were sent. But the only way to have that productive, substantive discussion is to go into closed session as the chairman's letter stated. The only reason for the hearing today is--open is because the Republicans know a closed hearing won't be on camera.    And so with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back, and thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Would the chairman yield?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman, I guess what--it would have been helpful if you had laid that out from the beginning, because as I said to you up here at the dais and yesterday on the floor of the House, one of my concerns was that I don't want--I mean, if we're going to--we need to know what the ground rules are. Because when I look at it, if we're going to be discussing documents that were classified, trying to--I don't know how far we can even get in an open session without, you know, crossing that line. And I'm not trying to----    Mr. Cummings. --play any tricks. I just want to make sure that we don't create another situation where people are accusing us of violating the law.    Mr. Cummings. So how will we proceed today, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Okay.    Mr. Cummings. You've been at your job 4 weeks?    Mr. Herring. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cummings. I can't hear you.    Mr. Herring. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cummings. And you were--you used to work for one of our distinguished colleagues, Mr. Goodlatte. Is that right?    Mr. Herring. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cummings. A Republican.    So I'm going to--so you're familiar with Congress then?    Mr. Herring. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cummings. I'm going to save most of my questions for the classified session, but I do want to address the redaction issue briefly.    When the FBI produced these materials to Congress, their cover letter stated, and I quote, ``the FBI has redacted personal--personally identifiable information as appropriate,'' end of quote. Chairman Chaffetz publicly announced he wanted the FBI to lift these redactions. He stated, and I quote, ``we are going to call on the FBI next week--this week--to give a version where there is nonclassified--the unclassified material and the classified material redacted so that it could be out there in the public,'' end of quote.    The problem is that there is no legitimate basis for the demand. Director Comey has already provided us with an unprecedented level of transparency into the FBI's investigation and internal decisionmaking.    Now, I'm going to stop there for a moment. And you said yourself, I think at least twice, that there has been unprecedented discovery here. I mean, what did you mean by that? And I don't want to take the words out of your mouth.    Mr. Herring. No, I mean----    Mr. Cummings. Correct me if I'm wrong.    Mr. Herring. I think in this particular case, you know, we don't typically make our case files available. They're sort of internal work product. There's a lot of sensitive information in there. Even the unclassified stuff is sensitive to a great deal. I think that we made a principle decision with redacting the PII only for those individuals who are not already in the public domain.    You sort of asked why did you do that? Well, from my perspective, as an agent, you know, any investigation, including a high-profile investigation like this one, or any other investigation really, it's critical for us as FBI agents to obtain cooperation from members of the public. As we go out and we talk to members of the public in any case, we need them to be willing to participate in the judicial process.    A lot of times people, their initial reaction is, you know what, I don't want to get involved. As an agent, you talk with somebody, you try to protect them as best you can. Sometimes you have to call them as a witness at trial, sometimes you don't. But witnesses who speak with us need to have confidence that they can talk to the FBI without risk of undue exposure.    In this case, we were concerned about lifting the PII redactions for individuals who are not already in the public domain. It might have a chilling effect on the willingness of other members of the public in the future to cooperate with us, particularly in an investigation like this.    And so I think that Director Comey's--or what we as an agency tried to do was to satisfy the needs of the Oversight Committee by letting you all see exactly what we did in our investigation, the investigative steps we took, and how we came to that conclusion. I think he did it in the form of taking questions for more than 4 hours, but also making our files available, and that's not something that we typically do.    We did make a principle decision as far as how are we going to effect this, how are we going to give that visibility to our oversight committees. We made a very thoughtful, I think, response in redacting only limited PII for the people that are not already in the public. And really, from my perspective as an agent, this is Jason talking----    Mr. Cummings. How long have you been an agent?    Mr. Herring. 17 years.    Mr. Cummings. Okay.    Mr. Herring. And so from my perspective as an agent, I think we have to protect the integrity of our investigations, and I don't want there to be a chilling effect--or I wouldn't want there to be a chilling effect for other people cooperating in similar cases like this going forward.    Mr. Cummings. Well, one of the things that I asked Director Comey about was this whole process, when you've got the Congress getting more and more information from the FBI, and whether it would have a chilling effect. Do we place ourselves in a position where if the Congress does not like a decision made by the agency, then--and then they dig--I mean, how much--you know, how often will that be happening?    In other words, so that chilling effect--and then I--you know, and then--you know, I wonder, well, other people, if a decision--somebody in Congress doesn't like the decision, do we set more and more precedents so that people can come in behind? And Director Comey said he had an all-star group of agents and they had a unanimous decision. And I just, you know--but you were talking about the chilling effect.    So you--do you think that--first of all, who made the decision with regard to the redactions, since that's what we're supposed to be here about? I mean, I'm just curious, who makes those decisions?    Mr. Herring. I think that was made at the highest levels in the Bureau.    Mr. Cummings. And does that mean Director Comey?    Mr. Herring. Absolutely.    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Mr. Herring. If I can say just sort of----    Mr. Cummings. Please do. I have--I thought I had some time, but go ahead.    Mr. Herring. I mean--I mean, I do think it's reasonable to think there would be a chilling effect. This is a very public case. Everybody out there is watching it. And we start lifting personally identifiable information, I think there--I think that potentially could have some impact going forward.    I do think, though, that, you know, we're not trying to play hide-the-ball with Congress. We want Congress to be able to do its job, this particular Oversight Committee do its job, and to understand really, you know, what we did in the investigation, how we came to that conclusion. And we did that in part by, you know, releasing the investigative summary and the 302s.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    Mr. Cummings. Chairman?    Mr. Cummings. If the gentleman would just yield for just one second. Mr. Mica asked a question that just sparked my interest. You said you were having discussions with the Republican staff. Is my staff involved in those discussions? I'm just curious.    Mr. Herring. Not as of today, no, sir.    Mr. Cummings. Not as of today?    Mr. Herring. Well, I had a conversation with Mr. Chaffetz's staff earlier today. But your staff was not a part of it, sir.    Mr. Cummings. Is that--I mean, is that your normal course of doing things? We do represent 700,000 people each over here.    Mr. Herring. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cummings. And you are from the Congress. You worked for Goodlatte. Is that right?    Mr. Herring. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    The Clerk. Mr. Cummings votes yes.    Mrs. Maloney?    The Clerk. Ms. Norton?    The Clerk. Mr. Clay?