    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing at a very significant moment.    Our relations with both Koreas go back a long way, and I have a long memory. I still remember sitting right here in this room when the Clinton administration was proposing to us that we have--that we cut a deal, basically, with North Korea, that we would be providing them food and fuel for an agreement not to do what they apparently have been doing, which is--I don't care if you want to call it a hydrogen booster device or a hydrogen nuclear weapon; the fact is they obviously have been spending their money on developing ways of mass murdering other people while we have been providing them the money for their food and fuel.    To say that that is absolutely unacceptable is to put it mildly. And, at that time, I indicated, and several other Republicans, I might add, and a couple of other Democrats as well, I might add, pointed out that that is what would happen, and here it has. Surprise, surprise. They have used their resources to develop weapons of mass destruction. We have subsidized them in using our money to provide them food and fuel, which should be coming out of their, how do you say, hydrogen boosting device development budget.    Let me suggest that this nuclear explosion, and the continued--the obvious continued work that North Korea is doing on nuclear military devices, that should at least put us into a mindset that we have to do something different than what we have been doing.    And let me note that President Abe of Japan has made it very, very clear that there are threats to the Pacific, and I would applaud President Abe for reaching out to South Korea at this moment. President Abe of Japan has gone the extra mile to address sensitivities in South Korea that are left over way from World War II.    And he needs to be applauded for that, and he needs to also be encouraged to rebuild Japan's military strength, so that he can work with the United States of America in preserving the peace in that part of the world, instead of having the United States having to carry the entire load on our own.    So with that said, I would finish by saying the other factor is, which the chairman mentioned, China. Just as it was obvious that the North Korea regime, as corrupt and belligerent and as repressive as it is, would be using their money to develop weapons while we provided them food and fuel, it is just as evident that they have a relationship with Beijing that puts Beijing into a position of influence in North Korea, if not dominance of North Korea.    So let us, again, to the point that we applaud President Abe for reaching out and policies that are going to ultimately bring more stability to that part of the world, let us condemn Beijing for not using its influence in a way that would bring more stability and peace to that region.    So we need to work together on this, and, Mr. Chairman, thank you for calling this hearing. Looking forward to hearing for specifics and information from the witnesses that will help us develop our policy now as we start into this new era.    Thank you.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I will try not to go over time. First of all, let me thank the witnesses. Your testimony has been of great value to me and to this committee, and the points that you have made, all of you, I mean, you have made some very serious points and given us information that we will utilize in this coming year as we try to come up with a policy that can deal with this threat.    It is ironic that we seem--I believe the United States and the world is entering a new era. The Cold War is being left behind, a long way, and even the post-Cold War era is being left behind now. And what the new era will be, what is the parameters of how we operate in the world, is going to be different.    And, ironically, the country that may be and the government that may be forcing us into a new definition of what our responsibilities are and what we are going to do is one of the most anachronistic regimes in the world. I mean, they don't even fit into the Cold War, I mean, the way they handle themselves.    I really appreciate the information also about the specifics that the North Korean Government is doing, and the actual people who are running the North Korean Government put up with in terms of the idea of slavery, that they are actually engaged in slavery, which I think there is an important--you have made an important point today. I mean, this is what--that type of activity is intolerable, and those thousands of North Korean workers that are being sent overseas, and all of their salary being given to the government, that is, I believe, virtual slavery.    And thank you for drawing our attention to that. That is something we should be able to deal with, and something we should be able to work with and with international organizations. Let me note that I agree with--and am very pleased that the ranking member, Mr. Sherman, has pointed out that the North Koreans are still holding Japanese hostages after decades. And I agree with him, that should not just be overlooked as if that is a past issue.    The fact that the North Koreans are holding--kidnapped and are holding Japanese civilians in North Korea is something that should be a matter that is not relegated to the past, as long as they are holding these people. And that should be part of what we are looking at.    Whatever we know, whatever era we are entering, we know it is going to be different. And I think that what may come of all of this is that we may find that reunification of Korea becomes a reality after all of these decades, and that reunification will itself create a new world that we have to deal with. We are talking about historic moments in the world. That is where we are at, and it is being brought about by this crazy regime up in North Korea, is forcing these changes upon us.    I would also like to mention that we are now entering an era also where our technology is not just being utilized for offensive weapon systems. And thanks to Ronald Reagan, we started down a path of building and focusing on defensive systems, which make a lot more sense to me, even especially in cases like this where--and let me note there are several new technologies being developed that will give us even a greater ability to defend ourselves against a missile attack. And we certainly should make that available to South Korea and to Japan, and that would certainly be a message there.    Let me ask again for some more information from you folks. Somewhere in the back of my mind is an action that we took, and I believe--and I don't know if it was a covert action, maybe I am just disclosing something--to prevent a transfer of money that was going to specific individuals in the North Korean Government.    We know that North Korea, with all of its poverty and the lack of food, hasn't prevented luxury cars and booze and very expensive consumer items to going to their very elite. And I seem to remember that there were banking transactions that we challenged in some way that had an impact on North Korean policy.    Could you refresh my memory on that? And is that a methodology that we should try to look at now to reestablish that policy toward the new challenge that we face? Dr. Cha.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Macao.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Are we talking about bank accounts that are being controlled and who operate for the benefit of the leadership of--specific leaders of North Korea and decisionmakers there?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Do the other witnesses have any comment on that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.