    Mr. Etzioni. Yes.    Dr. Etzioni. Could you turn on your microphone? Thank you.    Mr. Etzioni. Asking a professor to say anything in 5 minutes is absolute torture.    But thank you, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, distinguished members of the committee for tolerating a much less alarmed view of the situation and for the suggestion that we should see the questions of the contested islands in the context of the much larger question of the United States-China relationship.    If I had to say in one sentence what I'm trying to suggest is that the situation is particularly ripe for a grand bargain between the United States and China on all the outstanding issues.    The reason I argue that that on many, many issues, on most issues, is the United States and China have identical or complementary interests; therefore, the part which is left to be settled is relatively small.    These include the fact that both nations desperately need resources for very pressing domestic issues. I won't list them because they are terribly familiar.    But we tend to overlook that China also has enormously pressing domestic--hence, any additional deflection of resources needed for domestic rebuilding, to military, pressures both sides.    China, as the Paris Accord shows, is concerned about climate issues. Both nations are concerned about proliferation of nuclear weapons.    Both nations are concerned of jihadist terrorism. I cannot take more time. There is a long list of complementary and shared interests.    The remaining issues, in my judgment, should be approached in a very different manner, and this is not often discussed--I appreciate the opportunity to put it before you--and that is focusing on issues in which there is a high difference in saliency.    There are some issues which are very important to us and much less important to China and on those we should expect China to give way, and there are some issues that are very important to them and next to unimportant to us.    And a bargain arises here not by trading A for B's but by us giving in on things that don't matter to us in return for things very important to us. Let me give an example to make it much less abstract.    The number-one United States priority today is not who is going to fish where or who is going to build what on those rocks.    The number-one security challenge is, obviously, North Korea, which in a year or two could have long-range missiles equipped with nuclear weapons.    The only way short of an outright war, which would be extremely troubling, to get a handle on this is a collaboration with China.    That's something very important to us. China has no deep reason to avoid reining in Korea other than they face much higher costs than we if they do so.    So, if we are going to get China collaboration in reining in North Korea, we have to find out something which is important to them but not to us. And a great example is we don't need a missile shield in South Korea if the North Korea nuclear problem is defanged. China is very worried about it because it is not clear to them that the same shield will not stop their missiles.    So, here is a good example of giving up something we really basically don't need in return for something which worries them a great deal.    My second example would be the situation in Pakistan. Most security experts I know agree that the greatest threat as far as terrorism is concerned is if they get their hands on nuclear weapons in Pakistan, which are not under their control.    Some of them are on the front lines next to India under local control. There have been already six attempts by ISIS or al-Qaeda and other groups to get a hold of these nuclear weapons. I would like to add something here which is not often mentioned.    We control our airways, our interests in the United States and land quite well. Our seas are completely open. There are 2 million recreational vehicles that come and go at will. It would be extremely easy for a group of terrorists and a nuclear weapon to land at any one of our beaches.    So China has leverage with Pakistan, much more than we. We are arguing if you are going to give them $1 billion or not. China is pledging $25 billion. China has given them very large control of their armament and such.    So here is an example. We should be very interested in China joining us in reining in the nuclear programs of Pakistan. But, what in turn will speak to them, which is of very low cost to us, may involve reining in India.    I am running out of time here, but the basic principle is clear. You should see what's happening over the islands in the larger context, starting with most important to us, what is second most important to us, and see if there are not things which China can help us on these fronts, which they would be more than willing to do for giving them things which we are all too ready to get rid of.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Etzioni. Thank you. This is very difficult.    I am surprised that the issue of freedom of navigation keeps coming up. As Congressman Sherman pointed out, why would China possibly want to prevent shipping from coming and going? I don't know they would survive 5 minutes.    I mean, if there is any nation in the world which is dependent on regular flow of raw material and energy from overseas, it is China.    I mean, nobody in their right mind thinks they would stop American ships and then Chinese ships would sail through.    So whatever nationality of people coming up, I think this question of freedom of navigation is really a difficult argument to follow, if you agree or disagree.    Second, as to the enormous military threats these islands will pose, they are basically like an aircraft carrier which lost its engines. They're marooned. Whatever two prop guns they have and one small Cessna, whatever, what are they going to do with it?    They pose no serious military there; and, if there ever was a war, they can't move so they would be eliminated in the first 5 minutes.    I mean, there can be all kind of reasons. As to the question that they violated the rules and, therefore, if we stand here they're going to overrun us everyplace.    As Congressman Sherman pointed out, if you allow the rules to be violated every Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday elsewhere and then we are now going to insist on them being protected in China, I am not sure that that will make us a very legitimate protector of rules.    The place to look at is not what's happening necessarily in Australia. The place to look at is what happened in the Arctic, where Russia grabbed a huge amount of territory and we looked the other way.    So yes, if you want to enforce the rules, yes, I very much agree with the previous witness. First of all, we should sign the rule ourself and second----    Mr. Etzioni. May I? I think joining Japan is about the most assured way to push all the possible buttons in China. If we are to really push them to mobilize and spend on arms, then we should do this with Japan.    I was born as a Jewish child in Nazi Germany, and I am following Germany. Germany really turned around. Never again. Japan hasn't yet admitted to all of the horrible things it did in China. So relying on Japan as a lead partner is highly provocative.    Next, every time we do one of those military alliances with a country in the region, we give them a finger on our trigger, and so we already extended a military treaty with Japan to those miserable islands. Any dispute about the islands now requires us to go to war, basically. So every time we involve one of these people.    As to the China military buildup, it built up from such a small base--you can talk percentages. They can increase 100 percentages, and they're still 100 miles from where we are.    It's symbolized by the fact that we have 11 aircraft carriers, and they have one. So I don't want to take more time. I know you know the answer. They are very far from the massive threatening.