    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. General Breedlove, I am wondering if you can talk to the unconventional tactics being used by Russia, specifically what is being done to counter those? You know, when we look at Ukraine, everyone is--obviously recognizes that there is no head-to-head or tank-to-tank battle that is possible between Ukraine and Russia. So I am wondering what is being done, whether it is done by the U.S. or done by other countries, to assist Ukraine.    We have talked about lethal assistance but also, with regards to training assistance for them to counter these unconventional tactics with unconventional tactics and to begin to exact a toll on the Russian military that becomes more evident to the Russian people beyond the toll that is there from the sanctions.    General Breedlove. Congressman, thanks. And if I could just open the question a little bit, too. We talk a lot about the unconventional tactics in the military side but I think we have to remember that they are being unconventional in diplomatic, incredibly unconventional in the information sphere, and then they are using those sort of tough tools in the economics, as well. So, the ``D'' , the ``I'' , and the ``E'' of DIME are all in unconventional operations for the Russians. And so we need to help our partners to be able to work that.    Broadly, then, in the military piece, there are three things we are helping all of our nations and this is work we are doing in the Baltics right now even more so than in Ukraine, to preclude this problem in the future, and that is to give our nations the ability to understand it is more than military, it is normally almost more a ministry of interior problem to develop the capabilities to do three things: Recognize that we have unconventional warfare going on; characterize it as unconventional as opposed to just normal issues, political issues in the populace; and then attribute it to an aggressor nation if it is being imposed.    So recognize, characterize, and attribute. And, then, when we can do that, we can have other nations to be more involved in how we fight that battle. So we are developing right now capabilities inside these nations to take those steps and get their laws and authorities right inside their own nations to be able to attack this when it occurs to them.    Ms. Gabbard. I have another question with regard to the EU but I think that is an issue that I and others on the committee would like to hear more about specifically because Ukraine is where things are happening and then also how the other Baltic States and NATO allies are also preparing.    With regards to the traffic of foreign fighters and the flow between Syria and through Turkey, what is the EU doing and what role are you playing in working with them to address that issue and the fact that their ability to or their willingness to cross-reference names on terror watch lists, for example, and to track people who are coming through those porous borders in between these EU nations, how is that being addressed and improved given these weaknesses have been identified?    General Breedlove. Do you want me to take this one?    Ms. Gabbard. But wouldn't you say a majority of those numbers that you threw out are, though, within that region at this juncture?    Ms. Gabbard. Right.    Ms. Gabbard. Right.    Ms. Gabbard. But I am--since we are talking about this region right now, is Turkey on board?    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Mr. Bridenstine.