    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. George, in case you or anyone listening does not fully understand why Mr. Connolly and I have filed a complaint against you, here's the beef.    The Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, or CIGIE, is the organizing entity for IGs across Federal agencies. They issue a handbook for IGs like you on how to conduct investigations in a nonpartisan manner. This is what the handbook says about discussing ongoing investigations with Congress, ``IGs should avoid any appearance of partisanship in such engagements. Bipartisan meetings and outreach is the most appropriate format for such OIG meetings.''    What is troubling to me is that, during this investigation, you and your staff have engaged in a series of activities that contradict this clear guidance.    At the beginning of this investigation more than 3 years ago, your staff held a private meeting with Republican staff working for former Chairman Darrell Issa of this committee--that meeting occurred on March 8, 2012--during which your staff discussed the scope of the investigation. Democrats were not invited, were not informed, and did not participate.    On July 11, a few months later, you sent a private letter to former Chairman Issa confirming these events. This is what you wrote, and I ``After our meeting, our Office of Audit recently began work on the issue. We would be happy to provide a status update to the subcommittee staff.'' You sent a copy of that letter to Representative Jordan, but you did not send a copy to any Democrats.    On May 15, 2013, you issued your report. So, right there, that means you worked over a year on your audit for this committee with the Democrats on this committee entirely in the dark--you, who are required to be bipartisan and not partisan.    So what did you write in the May 15, 2013, report? You talked about the BOLOs, you talked about the right-wing groups being targeted, but you did not reference any progressive groups that we know were subjected to similar treatment.    When you came before this committee on May 22, a week later, 2013, we asked why your report did not address progressive groups. You said, ``Because those groups did not have, again, the Be on the Lookout, 'Tea Party,' 'Patriot,' or 9/12' in their names.''    When we asked you about specific reports that the IRS was treating progressive groups similarly, you said this, ``I have subsequently received information that what you're indicating may have occurred, and, as a result, we will be conducting a followup review to determine whether or not that's the case.''    On July 18, 2013, you testified before this committee again. At that hearing, we showed you internal IRS documents indicating that progressive groups were subjected to this type of scrutiny and were also included on training materials. You said, ``We just learned about that recently, and that name was being used by the IRS. So, you know, as I indicated in my opening Statement, we just recently, last week, received new information that is disturbing and we need to pursue.'' So you testified it was disturbing that you did not discover these documents about progressive groups earlier.    But, about a month earlier, on June 23, 2013, your communications director Stated publicly that the reason for this was because you were only looking for Tea Party groups. She said Chairman Issa had directed you, ``to narrowly focus on Tea Party organizations.'' When you testified on July 18, 2013, you said she misspoke, your communications director misspoke. So, apparently, it was your office, on its own, deciding to focus only on conservative groups and not to review progressive groups.    On January 27, 2014, your staff held another meeting with Republican staff, and Democrats were excluded yet again. In fact, on February 4, Ranking Member Cummings wrote to complain about partisan activities and not including Democrats.    Nevertheless, these partisan activities have continued to this day. About a month ago, on January 22, your staff met privately with Chairman Chaffetz, Chairman Jordan, and others. There were no Democrats present. You did not inform the minority the meeting was going to happen. And it wasn't until 11 days later that your staff finally provided the minority with that briefing.    Mr. George, as you sit here today, this evening, are you aware that your IG handbook says, ``IGs should avoid any appearance of partisanship. In such engagements, bipartisan meetings and outreach is the most appropriate format for such OIG meetings''? Are you aware of that this evening?    Mr. Cartwright. It's a ``yes'' or ``no'' question. Are you aware that that's in your handbook, that you have to be bipartisan?    Mr. Cartwright. And did you know----    Mr. Cartwright . That that was in your handbook 2 1/2 years ago?    Mr. Cartwright. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.