    Mr. Gohmert. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to hear the testimony of the consequences of Federal land management along the U.S. border to rural communities and national security.    Under Committee Rule 4(f), any oral opening statements at hearings are limited to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that all other Members' opening statements be made part of the record if they are submitted to the Subcommittee Clerk by 5:00 p.m. today.    Mr. Gohmert. Hearing no objection, so ordered. I also ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Gosar, when he arrives, be allowed to sit with the subcommittee and participate in the hearing.    Mr. Gohmert. If there are no objections?    Mr. Gohmert. Hearing no objection, that will be allowed.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Today we have the opportunity to hear testimony from witnesses that must live with the consequences of Federal land management every day of their lives. While there certainly are benefits to living near responsibly managed Federal lands: easy access to recreation, economic boosts from tourism, and the opportunity to work the land to provide for a family; there are also drawbacks that, in recent years, have increasingly threatened the very existence of our rural communities; farming, ranching, and timber families; and the security of our Nation.    This committee has documented time and again the countless instances where the Department of the Interior and its land managers have conducted themselves with little or no accountability to our Nation or to the communities they directly serve. We have seen the devastating impact that draconian Federal timber harvest restrictions have had upon rural communities. Massive numbers of employees, making good livings for healthy families, lost everything, including their homes, when companies were put out of business by uncaring bureaucrats.    While the Federal Government's payments to offset those losses to these communities have kept schools open, we all know that these paltry measures are not enough. The real solution is to allow responsible forest management to proceed, so that we can put people back to work and focus on the business of restoring the health of our Nation's forests.    In addition to the abominable treatment of our timber communities and the tragically poor schools, which results from Federal land that provides no taxes and termination of healthy harvesting and replanting, our government has failed to deal with the unprecedented and tragic humanitarian and national security crisis that occurs each day along our Northern and Southern borders.    It is a fact that drug cartels and human traffickers have long used our unsecured borders to conduct their operations, and thousands of people have died as a result. Our unsecured borders also create a national security vulnerability that should not be tolerated. But because the Federal Government has chosen to favor environmental regulations over national security interests and human lives, this emergency continues.    The flow of traffic across our unsecured borders has caused very real and very negative impacts upon our borderlands. Tons of litter, debris, and abandoned vehicles dot the landscape; and vulnerable habitats that Congress has sought to protect have been trampled and destroyed.    Traffickers and drug lords could care less about bats, ocelots, or Sonoran pronghorn. Yet, land managers at the Department of the Interior have blocked Border Patrol from accessing these lands, so that they can secure our borders, enforce our laws, protect our lands, and save human lives, as well as our precious species.    To be fair, it does appear that Interior is finally beginning to recognize that a secure border benefits all Federal interests, and documents received by this committee indicate that there has been an increased dialogue between Interior and Homeland Security. However, the Department of the Interior has taken too long to provide border access through our border agents, and the integrity of our lands and national security are jeopardized.    For example, on April 11, the Department of the Interior and Homeland Security finally announced that three rights-of-way permits had been issued, so that DHS could improve communications equipment in the Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge. This area has long been a dangerous dead zone for our Border Patrol agents, and this technology, which covers less than 100 square feet at each of three locations, will finally give agents the ability to call for backup and assistance in unsafe situations.    The fact that Interior and DHS worked together seems like a great success, until you look at the history of this project and realize that the finding of ``No Significant Impact'' dates back to 2013. And this project has been on the books at Interior since, at least, 2011.    That's right, Interior's inability to work expeditiously with DHS for 5 years on this critical security project, that, again, impacts less than 300 square feet of Federal property, unnecessarily put the lives of our border agents in jeopardy for at least 5 years. If our Department of the Interior defines this as success, it explains why so few endangered species have been rescued.    I thank our witnesses for being here, and I am hopeful that they can bring some much-needed perspective to inform this committee.    Mr. Gohmert. At this time the Chair now recognizes Mrs. Dingell for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. I thank the Ranking Member. At this time the Chair recognizes the Ranking Member of the Full Committee, Mr. Grijalva, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. I thank the gentleman. At this time we will now introduce our witnesses.    To my left is Ms. Sue Chilton from the Chilton Ranch and Cattle Company in Arivaca, Arizona. Then we have Ms. Tricia Elbrock from Animas, New Mexico. And then Mr. Jon Andrew, the Interagency Borderlands Coordinator for the U.S. Department of the Interior. Then, skipping down to the end, we have Ms. Nan Walden, the Vice President and Counsel for the Farmers Investment Company and Green Valley Pecan Company, located in Sahuarita, Arizona.    Now I would like to invite the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador, to introduce our other witness.    Mr. Gohmert. All right, thank you. I will remind the witnesses that your entire written statement is part of the record. But under the Committee Rules, oral statements are limited to 5 minutes. We have a timer there. When the yellow light comes on, you have 1 minute remaining; and when the red light comes on, you will need to conclude your comments immediately. And, as I said, we have the written statements and we are grateful for those submitted by the witnesses.    We were notified we were going to have a vote about 2:50 p.m. It got moved back earlier than we anticipated. So, why don't we go ahead and take one 5-minute statement, and then recess for the votes. I think there are two votes, is that correct?    OK, so Ms. Chilton, if you would present your oral statement for us, we would appreciate it.    Mr. Gohmert. Ms. Chilton, we need to----    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Ms. Chilton.    Mr. Gohmert. Our time is restricted, as I said. You are a minute over, so we need to move on. We are going to be able to take at least a couple of more statements. Thank you, Ms. Chilton.    Mr. Gohmert. Ms. Elbrock, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. We have time to get in one more statement before we have to go vote. So, Mr. Andrew, you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. At this time we need to go vote. There are three votes scheduled. We will resume, hopefully, no later than 30 minutes. We will try to get back sooner, if we can. Thank you. We are in recess.    Mr. Gohmert. The hearing is now called back into order. When we recessed, we had just finished with Mr. Andrew's statement.    At this time, Mr. Pinkerton, you are recognized for 5 minutes to make an oral statement to the committee. Thank you for being here. STATEMENT OF LeALAN PINKERTON, COMMISSIONER, BOUNDARY COUNTY,     Mr. Gohmert. Commissioner, thank you very much.    At this time, Ms. Walden, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Ms. Walden. At this time we will begin questioning. And I will hold my questions and first recognize the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. I thank the gentleman. At this time the gentlelady from Michigan, Mrs. Dingell, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mrs. Dingell. At this time the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Hice. At this time the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Grijalva, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Without objection.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Grijalva. At this time the Chair recognizes the gentlelady from American Samoa, Mrs. Radewagen, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. I thank the gentlelady. At this time the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Gallego, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. I thank the gentleman. At this time I yield to Mr. Gosar from Arizona for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. I thank the gentleman and I will recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Ms. Walden, you pointed out a couple of times that this Administration, including Secretary Napolitano, has said if you build a 12-foot wall, people will use a 14-foot ladder. I want to applaud the Obama administration in their new jobs program that was announced this morning. Obviously, it is a jobs program in the ladder market, because they announced this morning that they want to increase the height of the fence around the White House by 5 feet. Obviously, that is a jobs program to build taller ladders for the Washington, DC area. And hopefully there will be plenty of people employed both to raise the height 5 feet around the White House, and then also to construct the ladders.    As I have mentioned to the Secret Service head before in another hearing in another committee, either the fence around the White House does not work and needs to be completely removed; or it is true that fences actually do work, when constructed appropriately, and we should have one to protect ourselves on the border.    Ms. Walden, you had also mentioned that you see the Border Patrol everywhere. And I would humbly submit, that is part of the problem. They can be seen in areas where the public can go. The problem is the drug traffickers go in the area where you cannot readily go without getting arrested or getting in trouble. And those are the areas the drug traffickers are the only ones that get to use. That is why we see the footage from the Chiltons' cameras showing drug traffickers just having free access back and forth.    Mr. Andrew, I wanted to ask you, last year I made a request from both the DHS and the Department of the Interior for documents and communications related to Border Patrol access to Federal land and cooperation on the declaration of the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument in 2014. Were you aware of that request?    Mr. Gohmert. Do you know how many of your own personal documents were supplied by the Department of the Interior?    Mr. Gohmert. Basically, there were two. That seems rather improbable; but as I mentioned, we made a request for the same type documents from the Department of Homeland Security, and it was the same document request that the Interior Department got, and they provided a vast number of documents to you, from you.    So, I just wanted to ask. Are you aware that the possibility exists in the next administration that people who refused or obstructed legitimate production requests could be answering with their jobs, if not more? You realize that is a possibility when you get a request, right?    Mr. Gohmert. Yes. Well, let me ask you this. When did Interior notify the Border Patrol that the Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks National Monument would be created?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, our document from the day of the proclamation shows that you were unable to supply the proclamation to the Border Patrol because it was being--and I am quoting--``held close.'' But ultimately, the Border Patrol did not get to have input, as the memorandum suggested that there would be.    I know everybody keeps talking about the Memorandum of Understanding. But when a national monument is just about to be declared by executive action, it really seems that if border security, national security, or people like the Chiltons' security is being considered, that Border Patrol would be asked for input. And apparently, that did not happen until it was too late.    I enforce the rules of time on myself, and my time has expired. The witnesses have been gracious. We had to go through a vote, you were gracious to wait for us to come back. I know that there are additional questions that some of us may have, and I would ask that questions be submitted within 10 days and provided to the witnesses. Any requests for questions that there may be, I would ask and require those be answered within 10 days after they are received by the witnesses.    Anybody have a problem with that, of our witnesses?    Mr. Gohmert. Mrs. Radewagen, I understood you had a question. Is that something you could submit to the witnesses in writing?    Mr. Gohmert. OK. Let's do that. I have some questions, too, that I would like to submit. We will combine our questions and submit to the appropriate witnesses.    We appreciate everyone's patience today. Once again, I want to thank the witnesses for coming. We know you do not do this because of the pay you get, since you do not get paid; but we know you care about your country, and that is why you are here. Thank you very much.    At this time, the hearing is adjourned.