    Mr. Makovsky. Thank you very much, Madam Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen, Ranking Member Deutch, members of the committee. Thank you for inviting me here today.    First, it is worth focusing on what is at stake for the Palestinians and for the ICC itself. Clearly, the Palestinian move for membership at the ICC is deepening the chasm between Israelis and Palestinians. The move is part of a Palestinian two-prong international strategy: Involve the U.N. Security Council; and go to the ICC.    For now, they have given up on direct talks with Israel. Of course, this is wrong. Direct talks are the only way to solve the problem and to promote peace. For the ICC, they also seem to be veering off course. For its part, the original ICC purpose has been to deal with mass atrocities and not serve as another politicized U.N. agency. If the ICC wants to be taken seriously, it should remain true to its origins and avoid politicization.    So what has just happened? When PA leader Mahmud Abbas signed the Rome Statute, he allowed for authority retroactive to June 13, just hours after three Israeli youths were kidnapped and subsequently murdered in the West Bank, to permit an investigation into last summer's Gaza war. ICC Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda announced a few weeks later that she would launch a preliminary examination without first determining if the PA is eligible to raise such a claim. Only Bensouda could determine if and when the preliminary examination ends, and transitions to a full-fledged investigation.    While the ICC previously inserted itself in the Congo war, there there were over 5 million deaths. In Gaza, the death toll was approximately 2,000 Palestinians, half of which Israel believes to be terrorists, and 65 Israeli soldiers.    The effect of this Palestinian approach is further deterioration in the relationship between Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Abbas. In protest of the PA strategy, Israel is withholding $127 million each month in Palestinian tax revenue, which is unlikely to be released until a new Israeli Government is formed, perhaps in late May. The Israeli move, it should point out, given that it is a monthly move, is financially more consequential than anything the United States is undertaking.    Historically, the ICC investigations could take years. And so far, only two Congolese warlords have been convicted.    Israel's situation, needless to say, is dramatically different. It is a democracy. The ICC has no jurisdiction where there is a functioning judiciary. Following the Gaza war, Israel is in the process of indicting four Israeli soldiers for potential abuses. And the IDF has invited all NGOs--all--to come forward with evidence. In short, Israel's democratic judicial process negates the need for the ICC to step in. The consequences against Israel are not just going to be felt down the road. The mere investigation of Israel by the ICC is designed to put Israel under a cloud and to give a boost to the boycott, divest, and sanction--BDS--movement. Throughout the Gaza war Israel----    Mr. Makovsky. Throughout the Gaza war, Israel and the PA continued their security cooperation in the West Bank. There is impressive professionalism in the Palestinian Security Services, thanks in part to training by the U.S. Security Coordinator and the high-level cooperation with their Israel counterparts. Media reports have suggested that Israel was able to divert troops from the West Bank to Gaza this summer because it knew that PA security services would maintain order. This is the bigger picture today.    Both have an interest in the not allowing the West Bank to return to chaos or to Hamas. Most Israelis do not want security cooperation to collapse. Israel would have to spend a lot of money and manpower that they do not have to make up for the loss of security cooperation, and this is especially dangerous at a time that they must be vigilant on other fronts against Hezbollah in the north and Hamas in Gaza. A lack of security cooperation would be devastating to the PA as well.    Abbas said this summer, <greek-l>quote,  deg.``We don't want to go back to the chaos and destruction, as we did we did in the second intifada. We will not go back to an uprising that will destroy us.''    This does not mean there shouldn't be punitive measures. The key is to ask if the penalty produces the result you want or if it is counterproductive. Withholding funding will lead to the collapse of the security cooperation and ultimately the PA, creating a vacuum that could be filled by radicalism, especially Hamas.    There should be a focus, I would argue also, on the ICC itself. The ICC has the authority to decide whether to move forward and go from a preliminary examination to a full investigation.    What can be done? First, the ICC should make it clear that it will not insert itself when the parties are engaged in conflict resolution. It will put this issue aside.    Second, the U.S. should proclaim clearly that we do not accept the PA move and urge the ICC to terminate its inquiry and encourage all of our allies to do the same, as Canada did.    Third, the Congress should bolster the Armed Services Protection Act of to 2002, which makes clear that our servicemen and allies, including Israel, will be protected from a politicized body.    In conclusion, the Palestinians should recognize the signing of the Rome Statute is unhelpful to their interests. As long as there is hope of conflict resolution, the ICC should avoid inserting itself. The international community should do everything it can to bring Israelis and Palestinians together to solve their differences and not deepen the divide between these two peoples. I look forward to the discussion.    Mr. Makovsky. Thank you, Congressman. It is a good question. I think if they don't pay salaries, then we are going to see a cutoff in the security cooperation. I think it is a matter of time. There could be a stopgap move between now and the end of May. Maybe the Europeans and the Arabs would do more until then, but this is a major move. Israel would, I think, have to pay billions of shekels, a lot of money in terms of manpower to step in in terms of order, in terms of all to assume its civilian responsibilities. It is not something Israel relishes to do, and I can tell you just returning now from Israel and talking to the professionals involved in this issue, this is not something they want. So I think it is a big deal.    Just also to respond to Madam Chairwoman's point about the aid and where it goes and what Danny said, yes, right now a lot of the money basically goes to the Israeli electric company to pay debts that has been incurred in Gaza and the West Bank for heating. Basically, in the last few years, of the $440 million, $70 million goes to security assistance. The next tranche is in November. That is still a while. The 370 is broken into two parts, $170 million for USAID project assistance, and 200 in direct budgetary assistance to the PA. But, frankly, given a lot of problems in the last 2 years, my understanding is a lot of that does not go to the PA. It doesn't go to salaries. And, frankly, it has gone to more humanitarian projects. So that is the flexibility of the Congress of that 370 to kind of fashion it the way it wants. But Danielle is right, that a lot of the money right now basically goes to the Israel companies where there is heating bills that are owed in the West Bank and Gaza.    Mr. Makovsky. Could I take a very quick brief, and then yield to my colleagues, because just returning, this has been a big issue for me on my trip when I was over there. What is clear is you have a standoff between the PA and Hamas. Basically, the idea of the summer was to get the PA back into Gaza, but the PA doesn't want to go into Gaza because Hamas still has guns in Gaza. As one Palestinian said to me, David, they have got three roles for us, three jobs for us, Hamas. They want us to be their doormen to let them in and out of Gaza. They want us to be their ATM machine. And they want us to be their building contractors. But everything else is them, and they have got the guns.    You have got Sisi of Egypt, the President of Egypt, who wants the PA drastically to come back into--because he just called the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam a terrorist organization, the first time that I am aware of that any Arab country has called the Hamas militant wing a terrorist organization. I think it is a welcome development. But the point is you have a standoff. The Egyptians want the PA to do more, and the PA doesn't want to go in there because it thinks that it is a booby trap situation in Gaza, and they will never really be able to assert control. So they want to wide Hamas out.    In the meantime, nothing is moving. One apparently senior Hamas person said to someone, Hey, if there is a siege going on, I have to admit we can't blame the Israelis. It is the PA that doesn't want to come in. But from their perspective, it is a security threat, and so, in the meantime, we just have a standoff.    Mr. Makovsky. Can I just, what I said in my remarks, I think we should follow what the Canadian Government is doing. The Canadian Government has said we don't recognize Palestine as a state--which is true, by the way, not just for the U.S. but also for Europe--for almost all of Europe--and, therefore, we don't agree with the premise of their membership, and therefore, we are not going to cooperate with any ICC investigation in this regard. I think that would be powerful. And the fact that the Canadians have already taken that first step, I think, is something that we should emulate and urge our allies to do the same.    Mr. Makovsky. Well, I mean, we are talking about, our allies are members of the ICC, and so, therefore, it is meaningful.    Mr. Makovsky. It is an excellent question. I don't think the answer is good enough for the question, frankly. There are some things that, believe me, I have spoken to them, that the U.S. Congress scares the daylights of them.    Mr. Makovsky. For example, there was the whole issue last summer of Qatar moving salaries to people in Gaza, and the PA said we can't touch this or the United States Congress is going to shut us down. So sometimes Congress has more of a deterrent club than it realizes, and I hope it makes its point forcefully on the issue of aid to the terrorist families too because I think it is an important point.    Mr. Makovsky. Look, I would say, what I said in my remarks, I think they need to find stop gaps because it is not just the election of March 17. There probably won't be a government until the end of May because it takes a long time; there is a lot of jockeying formation. And, therefore, you know, this is not something that is going to be solved tomorrow. I don't think in an election mode Israel is going to change its policies. So I think the PA has to look elsewhere.    If you want to talk about ideas about the Israeli election, I am happy to discuss in a different format, but I don't want to muddy the waters here on that.    Mr. Makovsky. If I could, by the way, just add to what John said, I just want to be clear that, I was in Ramallah a couple weeks ago, and what is different this time than the previous election cycle, as it seems to me, is the PA is far more passive than they usually are. They are usually inviting Israeli political delegations, giving interviews on Israeli television. Abbas did that regularly in the last two cycles. This time he isn't. Sometimes--I think this time he is thinking differently. He said on the Security Council and he said in his Arab League speech 2 weeks ago in Arabic that there is going to be no change no matter who wins.    That is why I think he wants this to be the year of the international intifada. Go ICC with one hand; U.N. Security Council on the other hand. And I, personally, think it will boomerang on him, but I think that seems to me his approach, which is he is in a kind of post-Israel phase, from his perspective. I think it is a terrible mistake.    On the Hamas-Hezbollah, I don't see the connection right now. I mean, they seem to be very much in different spheres. And Hezbollah is also, you know, intervening in the Syrian Civil War. There was a back and forth we saw the last couple weeks, but the Israelis I talked to on the security side did not expect a major escalation with Hezbollah because they think Hezbollah's intentions are elsewhere. So you know, we shall see.    And I should say, in terms of the Israeli elections, often security arrangements, security incidents traditionally have helped the more rightwing elements in Israel in elections. But if there was attacks from Gaza, it could go the other way since you have a government that was in charge and said we took care of this problem. Anyway, we will have to see. Let's all hope for a peaceful time toward the elections and certainly beyond it for both of these people.