    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate the gentlelady for yielding.    And, Mr. Chairman, thanks for today's hearing.    And to the Commission, thanks very much for being with us today.    Over the past year, this subcommittee has devoted many hearings to oversight of the FCC. This attention has not been misplaced. The communications and technology industry is a very productive and dynamic sector of our economy. We cannot afford to overlook the significance of regulatory policies and how the FCC's decisions affect the success of this vibrant industry.    Without proper oversight, some actions emerging from the FCC, like the Downloadable Security Technical Advisory Committee proposals, can go unchecked and have negative impacts on a thriving industry. DSTAC, established by the FCC as directed by Congress, was formed to make recommendations on a software-based, downloadable security system for securing video content. However, the FCC allowed the DSTAC to focus on navigation interface issues, as well as downloadable security. This action goes against clear direction from Congress. As a result, the technical working group failed to achieve its intended purpose.    I look forward to hearing from the Commissioners today on this issue, Mr. Chairman. And I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for yielding.    And, again, to the Commissioners for being here, thanks very much.    If I could go back to a question the chairman had asked a little bit earlier to Commissioners Clyburn and Rosenworcel.    Do you have access to the Enforcement Bureau's work?    Mr. Latta. OK. Let me ask this, though. You say you have a meeting every couple of weeks. How current is that information from the Enforcement Bureau? Is it something that has happened in the last 2 weeks, or is it something that has gone on for weeks and months beforehand?    Mr. Latta. Could I ask a follow-up on that, then? When you say it is the status of the item, how many would be older type of enforcement work?    Mr. Latta. So some of them have been going on for a lot longer before you ever find out about it.    Mr. Latta. OK.    Let me ask Commissioner Rosenworcel, what is your response to that?    Mr. Latta. Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Latta. Let me----    Mr. Latta. Yes, let me interrupt, if I could. When you say you got something from a press report, how long had that Enforcement Bureau's work been going on prior to you even seeing it in the newspaper?    Mr. Latta. OK.    If I could ask Commissioner O'Rielly?    Mr. Latta. OK. Thank you.    Commissioner Pai, if I could go on to another question for you. In June, Congressman Green and I sent a letter to Chairman Wheeler stating our concerns with the direction of the DSTAC and urged the Commissioner to follow the clear statutory language set forth in STELA and ensure that the DSTAC inquiry and report do not go beyond the bounds of the statute. And, unfortunately, changes were not made to DSTAC, which was unable to reach a consensus on recommendations for downloadable security solutions for set-top boxes.    DSTAC produced a report with two recommendations, one that would rely on apps, and one referred to the AllVid. And, again, the gentlelady from Tennessee had asked some questions questioning to the Commissioner on this, or the Chairman of the Commission.    If I could ask you, Commissioner Pai, on the app, if apps are already prevalent in the market and used on smartphones, smart TVs, and Apple TVs, et cetera, why isn't the FCC keeping focused on consumer demands and preferences rather than looking backward to the AllVid approach?    Also, are you concerned that such a strict technological mandate, which would take years to develop, would be obsolete by the time it is even implemented?    Mr. Latta. OK.    Well, thank you. My time has expired.    And, Mr. Chairman, if I could ask unanimous consent to enter the letter from Congressman Green and myself----    Mr. Latta . Into the record.    Mr. Latta . The gentleman yields back.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. The gentleman's time has expired, and he yields back.    The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from California for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    The gentlelady's time has expired, and she yields back.    The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    The gentleman's time has expired, and he yields it back.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from California for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    The gentleman's time has expired, and he yields back.    The chair now recognizes for 5 minutes the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Latta. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    The gentleman's time has expired, and he yields back.    The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Colorado for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    The gentlelady yields back.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from Kansas for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. The gentleman yields back.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    The gentleman yields back the remainder of his time.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from southeastern Ohio for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    The gentleman's time has expired.    And the chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York for 5 minutes.    Oh, I am sorry. I didn't see Mr. Butterfield come back in.    Mr. Latta. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes.    I am sorry.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    The gentleman yields back the balance of his time.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. So ordered.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    Mr. Latta. The gentleman's time has expired.    And also, the chair has heard that we might have votes around 1:05 to 1:20. So if we can keep our questions at 5 minutes, I would appreciate it.    And the gentleman from Vermont is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Is the gentleman yielding back there?    Mr. Latta. OK.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. Thank you.    The gentleman yields back.    And, also, the members see that they have just called our first votes, with about 13:49 left.    And the chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York.    Mr. Latta. And I am sorry to have to cut the Chairman off. We have----    Mr. Latta . About 7 minutes left on the roll here.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York for 5 minutes.    Mr. Latta. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Latta. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    The gentleman yields back.    Just to let everyone know, we are about 18 minutes into this vote, with about 230 that haven't voted.    And the chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida.    Mr. Latta. I am sorry. The----    Mr. Latta . Gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Latta. Thank you very much.    And the chair recognizes the ranking member.    Mr. Latta. If I could----    Mr. Latta. Well, just if I could, to the ranking member, because of the interest of time and we are going to miss the vote, if we could ask our staffs to work together on your question.    Mr. Latta. OK.    Mr. Latta. We will work with our staff.    Mr. Latta. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Latta. And if I could real quickly just, again, thank the Commission for being with us today. On behalf of the chairman of the subcommittee and also the ranking, we thank you for your time.    And, without any other questions coming before us, we stand adjourned.