    Mr. Gibson. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. And greatly appreciate the panelists.    Thank you for your leadership and commitment to our Nation.    General Dempsey, I noted in your opening remarks you laid out a case for continued forward presence, put some passion behind that. Some of us, myself included, have really been arguing for thinking and acting differently, certainly recognizing the need for some forward presence, particularly with naval forces for open sea lanes and access to markets. And then in places like Korea, of course, there is going to be a need for land forces there for the near term, at least.    But that when we rely on this, as we have really have since the end of the Cold War, we end up with free-rider problems, and we end up with friends and allies who don't fully ante up for what they had admitted on paper that they would do, and we end up with some other second-order effects.    I have been arguing for a peace-through-strength approach that really puts reliance on agility, strategic maneuver, and particularly the restoration of the global response force capability, with the idea that--and of course we deal with nation states and we deal with transnational actors, here I am talking about the former, not the latter, you know, this idea of deterrence and deterrence really being defined by capability and will.    And here is where I get to the point on the global response force. Now, we had the service secretaries and the chiefs here yesterday, and they gave a response to this. And so, I am interested in, from the Department standpoint, from the Secretary and from the chief, leadership, as it relates to restoring the global response force and how you see that factoring into our posture going forward.    Mr. Gibson. I appreciate those responses.    And to be clear, even the vision that I am laying out here requires the world's strongest military as a deterrent to those who would do us harm. And we are also--this vision also includes American leadership. It is just a different conception of power and how we would array it that would look for the contributions from our friends and allies I think at the level that we would expect.    And also recognize the moral strength of our country as evidenced through diplomacy, commerce, and trade. And in the way that we are able to strategically maneuver our forces with a real capability, I believe, strengthens the hands of our diplomats that will allow us to, I think, reach a level of security that we are striving for.    So thanks. Thank you very much, once again, for everything you do for our service men and women and their families. And I will yield back.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Courtney.