    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I do thank you for calling this very important hearing. The Transportation Security Administration has an incredibly challenging mission. It has to strike just the right balance between passenger safety and passenger convenience. Everyone who has been to an airport in the past 15 years can relate to the frustration of waiting in long lines at security checkpoints.    But after 9/11, we are painfully aware of the dangers we face on a continuing basis. The challenge of the TSA is to develop programs that maximize safety and convenience, programs that protect the traveling public without making their experience unbearable.    Last year Congress directed TSA to increase the number of passengers enrolled in the PreCheck program. Under the program, travelers submit background information, criminal histories and fingerprints. This information is run against terrorist watch lists and criminal data bases. If these searches turn up no problems, passengers are given known traveler numbers, and that allows them to pass through expedited security lines with fewer restrictions.    When Congress passed this law, it gave TSA specific targets. For example, Congress directed TSA to certify that 25 percent of all passengers are eligible for expedited screening without lowering security standards, and that the agency has been working toward that goal. But, however, the inspector general and the Government Accountability Office have raised concerns about this process. For example, the current program relies on passengers to provide information about any new criminal convictions or similar information after they have enrolled in the program. In other words, the system relies on passengers to self-update.    According to the inspector general, TSA should develop a system to conduct 24-hour recurrent vetting of PreCheck members against law enforcement and intelligence data bases. I know many people and many agencies have been working for years to do just that. I also understand how difficult it is to link various local State and Federal data systems. However, this may be one area in which our Committee can offer unique assistance, especially with our wide jurisdiction that cuts across all levels of government.    GAO and the inspector general have also raised concern with the Managed Inclusion program. Under this program TSA officers identify passengers that are not enrolled in the PreCheck program and direct them to pass through the PreCheck security lanes if they appear to be low risk. TSA uses behavioral detection officers to identify passengers with low risk indicators, such as children and the elderly, and they also employ explosive trace detection and K-9 teams.    GAO reported that although TSA has tested the individual pieces of the Managed Inclusion program, it has not tested them as a whole system. In addition, the inspector general recommended that TSA halt the Managed Inclusion program until technology can be developed to connect terrorist watch lists to individual airport security checkpoints.    Another concern is perimeter security. One of our witnesses today, Mr. Rafi Ron, of the New Age Security Solutions, has flagged this as an issue that needs much more attention, particularly given the various entities that play a role in this process, including local airport police, airport operators, and TSA.    After a 15-year-old hopped a fence at the San Jose International Airport, climbed into an aircraft wheel well, and traveled to Hawaii, the Associated Press initiated the investigation of perimeter breaches. AP reported that approximately 268 perimeter security breaches have occurred since 2004 in airports that handle three-quarters of the Nation's commercial passenger traffic. We're better than that. We're only as strong as the weakest link in our chain, so it is important to ensure that all of these issues are addressed. It is easy to simply criticize the agency, but it is much more difficult, and it takes much more effort to identify solutions to these problems and ensure that they are well-implemented.    I want to thank Chairman Chaffetz for calling this hearing, and, Mr. Chairman, I agree; Mr. Carraway ought to be here. And as I said to you before the hearing began, we need to fix a date for him to come in so that we can hear from him. I know the chairman has focused on these issued extensively, and I want to thank him for all of his hard work in this area, and I also look forward to the testimony today; and with that I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. What was the question?    Mr. Cummings. Chairman Chaffetz and I did discuss this. He was trying to avoid a subpoena. What we were going to try to work out--and I mentioned it a little bit earlier in my opening--I agree, we really do need Carraway here, and so I asked the chairman to set a date certain for him to come in so that we can get him in here to ask questions, because you're absolutely right.    Mr. Cummings. Ms. Grover, are you familiar with the concerns the GAO raised about the Managed Inclusion program?    Mr. Cummings. Can you explain what steps TSA is taking to address those concerns?    Mr. Cummings. So the DHS inspector general recommended that the Managed Inclusion program be halted until technology exists to connect Secure Flight data to airport checkpoints. And this would prevent passengers that are known security threats from trespassing--bypassing rather more rigorous security inspections according to the IG.    Now, Mr. Roth, has TSA halted the Managed Inclusion program?    Mr. Cummings. And tell me what your concerns are?    Mr. Cummings. And what have they done about your concerns?    Mr. Cummings. And did they give you excuses or what I mean----    Mr. Cummings. So you think they just discount your concerns? Do you get the impression that they don't see you as the expert and they see themselves as so being?    Mr. Cummings. That's not what I asked you.    Mr. Cummings. So now, let's go to this issue of the perimeter, Mr. Roth. We've seen a disturbing report of a 15-year-old boy who traveled from San Jose International Airport to Hawaii in a wheel well of an aircraft. Mr. Roth, what steps can TSA take to improve perimeter security and ensure that incidents like this don't happen in the future. What can they do?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Ron, do you have an opinion on that?    Mr. Cummings. And how is that done in other airports where you've been?    Mr. Cummings. So Mr. Roth, whose responsibility did they say it was, the perimeter?    Mr. Cummings. Ms. Grover, you want to say something?    Mr. Cummings. Wait a minute, back up.    Mr. Cummings. You said they--they--TSA says this is what we think it ought to be; is that right?    Mr. Cummings. OK.    Mr. Cummings. What happens the day after the inspection somebody cuts a hole in the fence? I mean, how does that work? And do we then have a gap?    Mr. Cummings. Yes. You know, one of the things that concerns me, and we saw this on the Transportation Committee, you have these folks who constantly claim that everything is tight and there are no problems and then they say when the rubber meets the road, everything is going to be fine. But then we find that there are gaps because everybody is assuming that the other person's doing it, and then it ends up that there is a problem.    And I am just wondering, you know, if you have--I mean, when we look at what's happening around the world and we look at organizations like ISIS and others, I mean, to create a hole in a fence and folks figure out well, maybe they are not looking at that fence as often as they should. They had an inspection yesterday and now I have got a whole year to wait. Are you satisfied with that procedure or you don't get into that.    Mr. Cummings. Yes, I would love to have that, because that's of great concern. Thank you all very much, your testimony has been very informative.