    Ms. Castor. Well, thank you for yielding the time, and good morning. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member DeGette, for holding this important hearing to better understand the flu and the flu vaccine.    Vaccines are incredibly valuable tools to protect and improve the health of all of our neighbors. And as we have seen with the recent and surprising measles outbreak, vaccines protect lives. According to reports, there have been 102 cases of measles reported across 14 States, and those who do not vaccinate their children are putting them at risk, and they are putting others at risk. Vaccines are safe and effective.    I want to give particular thanks to Dr. Schuchat from the Centers for Disease Control for traveling to the Tampa Bay area a few months back to raise awareness with another important vaccine, the anti-cancer vaccine of HPV. Thank you for meeting with our public health students, and anti-cancer advocates to explain. See, Florida had one of the lowest rates of HPV vaccines, and we can save lives and prevent cancer if people will understand the importance of the HPV vaccine. Your visit was a great boost to our efforts to prevent cancer through the HPV vaccine, so thank you again for the work you do to educate the public on vaccinations.    You know, we are so fortunate to live in America where we have studied and investigated and tested all of these vaccines to ensure that they are safe and effective. So thank you to all the panelists for all the work you do, and I look forward to your testimony.    I yield back.    Ms. Castor. Thank you very much.    Dr. Schuchat, on average, maybe take the last 10 or 20 years, how many Americans suffer each year from influenza, how many are hospitalized, and how many die?    Ms. Castor. Um-hum.    Ms. Castor. How many are vaccinated?    Ms. Castor. And when it comes to the deaths, what age range? We know the elderly are more vulnerable, but what are the----    Ms. Castor. And this year, it is a particularly severe flu season with higher rates of hospitalization and mortality. This is especially worrisome for those vulnerable populations; children, the elderly, pregnant women, and others with weakened immune systems. Dr. Midthun, the severity of this year's flu can be partially attributed to the fact that it is an H3N2 predominant year. Tell us what that means in simple terms. The fact that this is an H3N2 predominant year. Dr. Midthun.    Ms. Castor. Uh-huh. So you were talking about the effectiveness of the current vaccine before this year's flu vaccine shows 23 percent effectiveness. I want to hear more about how we assess the flu vaccine effectiveness, and better understand this. How do we gather information on infections and mortality and then test for vaccine effectiveness?    Ms. Castor. Well, I know I marched my whole office down to get the flu vaccine, but I think this is very important that people understand what the experts are saying today, that this mismatch, parents with children need to be especially careful because of the predilection for younger folks. But in America, if we only have 46 percent, and that is kind of high watermark for flu vaccinations, we can do a whole lot better. So thank you very much.