    Ms. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And good afternoon. My name is Lisa Johnson, and I am the CEO and general manager at Seminole Electric Cooperative, headquartered in Tampa, Florida.    Seminole is one of the largest not-for-profit generation and transmission cooperatives in the country. Seminole is owned by nine not-for-profit consumer-owned electric cooperatives, and, collectively, we provide safe, reliable, competitively priced electricity to more than 1 million consumers and businesses in parts of 42 Florida counties.    On behalf of Seminole and the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, I would like to thank you for your time this morning as I present our testimony on this important issue.    Seminole would like to acknowledge that we support the Environmental Protection Agency's decision to designate coal combustion residuals, or CCRs, as nonhazardous. The EPA's approach, supported by data from its own investigations, balances the need to protect public health and the environment without creating an undue burden on affected facilities.    Even with a nonhazardous final rule, we are seeking your support to provide additional legislative certainty.    Seminole owns and operates Seminole Generating Station, or SGS, a 1,300-megawatt coal-fired power plant in Putnam County, Florida, employing nearly 300 hardworking, skilled Floridians. SGS has more than $530 million of environmental control equipment, making it one of the cleanest coal-based power plants in the U.S.    Seminole generates approximately 800,000 tons of CCRs per year. However, Seminole recycles more than two-thirds or roughly 530,000 tons per year of our CCRs to produce wallboard, cement, and concrete block.    At SGS, one CCR material is converted into synthetic gypsum and sold to Continental Building Products. Continental is a wallboard production facility specifically constructed in 2000 to utilize the synthetic gypsum from SGS.    Since 2000, more than 7 million tons of this CCR material have been converted into wallboard--wallboard used to build homes and businesses throughout Florida and the country.    Seminole also recycles all of the facility's bottom ash to manufacture cement and stronger, lighter concrete block. If not used beneficially, these byproducts would have been placed in a landfill.    In 2009, Seminole received a sustainable leadership award from the Council for Sustainable Florida for our beneficial reuse of CCRs. And SGS was named one of the top six coal plants in the world by Power Magazine for our recycling practices and environmental accomplishments.    One of Seminole's most important goals is to operate our power plants in a safe, environmentally responsible manner and in full compliance with all permits issued by the Florida Department of Environmental Protection and the EPA, bringing us to one of our concerns with the new rule.    While EPA will now regulate CCRs as nonhazardous, the rule is self-implementing, which means facilities covered by the rule must comply with the Federal rule regardless of adoption by the State. For example, should Florida adopt the EPA's final rule, the Federal rule also remains in place, creating dueling regulatory regimes.    As a self-implementing final rule, the typical method for a State or citizen group to check compliance at a facility that may or may not be adhering to the rule is to file suit against the facility. This could result in frivolous and costly legal disputes in Federal district courts, where the resulting interpretations and penalties could vary significantly. For not-for-profit electric cooperatives, this is especially troublesome, as any costs incurred must be passed on to the consumer-owners at the end of the line.    We ask that you eliminate the legal double-jeopardy aspect of this rule if a State fully adopts the EPA's new final rule.    The next major concern we have with the rule is the complete lack of certainty that CCRs will continue to be regulated as nonhazardous. For Seminole, this is extremely problematic, as a major component of SGS design is based on our environmental control systems and our recycling practices. Should EPA decide to regulate CCRs as hazardous at a later time, Seminole would be forced to dispose of CCRs, turning a beneficially used product into an expensive landfilled waste stream, driving up the cost of electricity for our cooperative consumers.    On numerous occasions, the EPA has determined that CCRs are not hazardous, and there are no new findings to justify a change in EPA's determination. We ask that you end the continuous reevaluation process and confirm that CCRs are and will continue to be regulated as nonhazardous.    For Seminole and other affected facilities, we are seeking regulatory certainty so that we can continue to provide safe, reliable, and affordable electricity while fully complying with all applicable rules, regulations, and laws.    On behalf of Seminole and NRECA, I thank you for the opportunity to meet with you today and share our views on this very important rule.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It would be a challenge. Clearly, we would have to comply with both sets of rules and whatever the requirements would be. If one was more stringent than the other, we would look to comply with the stringent rule, except in this case, we would know that there would be the potential of having both regulatory regimes competing with each other for our compliance, not to mention the fact that I think that makes us vulnerable as an operator of a facility to third-party lawsuits that may question which actual regulation is the leading one. So it would be very challenging.    Ms. Johnson. I believe, based on what EPA has stated, that they clearly have the opportunity to revisit their determination on nonhazardous versus hazardous for CCRs, and that creates uncertainty. And I will tell you, in my experience, that for the beneficial use community, for our plant that provides a significant portion of our CCRs to the beneficial use community, that uncertainty is a problem, and a later designation or determination of hazardous is going to put that beneficial use process at risk.