    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the panel for being here today, and I appreciate your testimony.    I'd like to begin, if I could, with Mr. Clark. Critics of the REVIEW Act say that it will stop urgent rules in their tracks. Professor Buzbee indicated that that added process might discourage rulemakers also. But in your written testimony, I thought you provided the perfect answer for that, that statement, when you indicated that if a legislative rule--if a rule was that important, that Congress should take initiative and pass the statute as provided in our constitutional duty. I just want you, if you wouldn't mind, to expound upon that. And doesn't your answer highlight how upside down our modern concept of how to legislate and how the process works? And it seems to me that--of course, I'm new here, so I'm learning as I go, but as I sit through these hearings, I note that the power of Congress has slowly been handed over to unaccountable bodies, and we in Congress have very little authority to step in.    And I listened to the questioning earlier from my colleague across the aisle, who suggested that all these other uncertainties, when he's talking to Mr. Brady out there, that were caused by Congress. Certainly, there are uncertainties, but at the same time Congress is accountable. Ultimately, we have to face the people that brought us--that sent us here. Agencies don't have that same accountability.    So I would like you to talk a little bit about that answer. And if you wouldn't mind, just expound upon your thought on the current state of our system.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much.    I think, if I could, also to turn to Mr. Brady. And I want to thank you for being here. And thank you for representing small business, because I know that small business is really the most impacted by this increased regulation and this regulatory environment.    In your testimony, you stated that for 29 years the EPA used various interpretive rules in lieu of going through the rulemaking process for the Clean Water Act. And we hear, in our districts, all about that process, especially with regard to the Clean Water Act. And I'm wondering if, after all this, did that period offer any clarity or certainty in your industry?    Mr. Bishop. Yes.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, sir. And I yield back.