    Mr. Salmon. This committee will come to order. Members present will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official hearing record.    And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 calendar days to allow statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record subject to the length limitation in the rules.    The South Asian's subcontinent is one of enormous potential. This important region of over 1\1/2\ billion people, including 40 percent of the world's poor, is often overlooked, or viewed primarily through the lens of the challenges in Afghanistan and Pakistan.    But the rest of South Asia is more significant than the attention it receives would suggest. India recently surpassed China as the world's fastest growing and large economy, and the region is looking to enhance trade connectivity to boost growth.    On the other hand, South Asia still faces major development challenges, including weak governance, corruption, and threats from violent extremism. We will hear from the administration witnesses today on its efforts in these areas.    Given China's interests in building influence in the region, I would also like to hear about the administration's work to maintain relevancy in South Asia.    This hearing will focus on the Fiscal Year 2017 State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development budget request for the South Asia region. I look forward to hearing from the panel about how we are to boost U.S. presence in this important region.    India is undoubtedly a very important partner for the United States. We have many interests in India, including facilitating India's membership in APEC, which I have spoken many times and checked in with you guys about, ongoing BIT negotiations, and strengthening defense and security agreements.    Twenty percent of India's population lives in extreme poverty, with one-fourth of the total population completely off the electric grid. If India is to realize its leading role in the region, it must facilitate reforms to create opportunities and better lives for its own people.    How are we assisting the Indian Government and leveraging the private sector to improve the conditions of the people in India? India is clearly a priority for the administration, but what progress is now being made? This committee has concerns about antiquated protectionist policies that hold back India's full-growth potential and hurt U.S. companies. Restrictions on market access including direct retail sales, weak intellectual property protection, and the time required to resolve contract disputes are among the top concerns for U.S. businesses.    Prime Minister Modi has made economic reform a centerpiece in his administration, and I am very pleased that he has.    What are we doing to help spur the Indian Government in the much-needed opening of India's economy? Sri Lanka's new government has been touted as more American leaning than the prior administration, but more work lies ahead. The Fiscal Year 2017 budget request for Sri Lanka is a tenfold increase from previous years, now at 39.8 million. How will such an increase in funding work toward bolstering democratic change and strengthening civil society organizations?    Many successful efforts in South Asia are transferable between countries. How are we ensuring adequate transfer of successful programs to leverage resources efficiently? Nepal faced a devastating earthquake last year, and the House responded with a resolution that myself, along with Ranking Member Sherman, put forward. We stood with Nepal. And my State of Arizona even lost one of our finest in the efforts to search and rescue, and we continue to assist in rebuilding.    This year's budget calls for an increase of 8.3 million for Nepal for continued relief efforts. Please update us on these efforts in Nepal, including timeframe and the outlook to completion.    Bangladesh receives the largest amount of U.S. development assistance and global funding in the region. Bangladesh is considered a moderate Muslim country, receives the most attention for counterterrorism efforts, yet, continues to struggle.    Since 2013, several bloggers and international activities have been brutally killed, six in the past 12 months alone. I offer my deepest condolences to the families and friends of the USAID employee and local human rights activist, who was brutally murdered just a few short weeks ago. Bangladesh also continues to struggle with democratic governance, the rule of law, and corruption.    The request for assistance to Bangladesh reflects an increase of $13.5 million. I would also ask the panel to discuss overall assistance to Bangladesh as it results to countering violent extremism and providing for further freedom of expression without violent recourse. I also want to understand what specific programs are we putting in place to meet these challenges?    Finally, the Maldives, the smallest nation in the region, has shown a worrying deterioration of its democracy, as well as concerning percentage of its population traveling to the Middle East as foreign fighters. South Asia is an increasingly important region of the world. It is ripe with opportunity, yet held back by corruption, weak governance, and danger of extremism.    With our oversight hearing today, we will be discussing diplomacy and foreign assistance in South Asia, including progress made over the past year. The United States should also look at how to best connect South Asia to the Asia Pacific, integration that would be vital to facilitating South Asia's potential. I look forward to the discussion not only on what was accomplished last year, but what we accomplish next year.    And before I turn the time over to our ranking member, I would like to recognize the Bangladesh Ambassador to the U.S. Would you please stand and be recognized.    Thank you, Ambassador. We are really happy to have you here today.    And I would like to now give time to the ranking member, Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. The Chair recognizes Mr. Bera for an opening statement, and then we will get to our witnesses.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. We are happy today to be joined by Assistant Secretary Nisha Biswal of the Department of State's Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, and Assistant Administrator Jonathan Stivers of the U.S. Agency for International Development, Bureau for Asia. We are appreciative to have both of you here today sharing your time with us. And I will recognize Ms. Biswal first. Thank you.    Mr. Salmon. Without objection.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Stivers.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. I will ask the first question.    While the U.S.-India policy has been a pretty healthy one, and our security relations have improved dramatically over the last 15 years, I don't believe that our economic relationship has quite kept pace. U.S.-India economic ties and experts encouraged both supporting India's membership in APEC, and concluding a bilateral investment treaty in a recent hearing that I chaired about India and the U.S. economic ties, there is strong support here in the Congress for India's entry into APEC. And I have introduced a bill to that end, and Senator Cornyn released a companion bill just within the last week or so.    The administration has maintained that it welcomes India's interest in APEC. Where do we stand on negotiations for a bilateral investment treaty? And what else are we doing, from the administration's perspective, to improve economic ties?    Mr. Salmon. So we are just really in the position right now of starting the dance. You know, I know there are serious issues. You know, I mentioned in my opening remarks concerns about allowing us to sell on the Internet to individuals. Amazon has had some real issues in India, and I would like to get those resolved. I know we have had some agricultural issues that, you know, have been stumbling blocks in the past. And I also know that--and I don't know whether this completely applies to bilateral investment treaty, but a lot of our U.S. investors and companies that do business in India are really concerned about the length of time that contract dispute resolution gets done, gets handled.    The average time in court is about 4 years, and that is just not acceptable. I know they are trying to move toward arbitration, but I don't want to belabor that. But I know that there are several issues. We are very interested in moving forward. I think there is a lot of support in Congress. I know that there are issues. But, you know, while doing it thoroughly and effectively, I would like to also add expeditiously to the list, because I think it is incredibly important that we further that relationship.    And the last issue I would like to just bring up is, again, India. When we had the full hearing a couple of weeks ago, I was a very loud voice about the potential sale of F-16s to Pakistan. India has objected mightily to this, because there is a big fear that--or concern that they might use those F-16s against India. And it looks as though that sale is kind of in limbo right now.    Could you kind of clarify to me where that might be, or what your thoughts are on that?    Mr. Salmon. In fact, I am just going to say one last thing and then hand it over to Mr. Sherman, but I do believe that the administration has listened to what Congress said. I believe you are trying to be responsive, and I want to compliment you for that. Because this was across the aisle. This wasn't just Republicans or Democrats. This was across the aisle. A lot of concern that was expressed, and to its credit, the administration, I believe, is taking those things into account, and I want to thank you for that. And I will yield my time to Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. Okay. I would like to yield to Mr. Perry.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you, gentlemen.    Ms. Gabbard.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Chabot.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Salmon. Well, I thank the panelists for being here today. As always, you were very responsive.    Mr. Salmon. Actually we have a meeting with the People's Congress, what is it, the Foreign Affairs chairman, and that is in 10 minutes. And with the chairman's indulgence on my long-winded responses, yours, all of us, I think we would probably be here for a little while maybe extended beyond that. You have been wonderful. I really appreciate it, and I appreciate the committee members up here and the great questions. Thank you very much.    Mr. Salmon. This committee is adjourned.