    Mr. Lapiana. Thank you.    On behalf of the Smithsonian Institution, thank you, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson and members of the subcommittee, for the opportunity to testify before the subcommittee today.    The Smithsonian is the world's largest museum, education and research complex, consisting of 19 museums and galleries, the National Zoo, and nine research facilities. Millions visit us each year, but very few see the hard work happening away from the museums that makes it all possible, and much of that behind the scenes work is being accomplished in leased space.    The Smithsonian's leasing requirements are unique. Our combined need for collections storage, administrative offices, research, laboratory and exhibition space is unlike that of any other Federal agency.    We currently lease about 1.5 million square feet at an annual cost of approximately $52 million. This is a significant cost to the Smithsonian and, in turn, to the American public.    As a result, we take seriously our responsibility to spend these dollars wisely and transparently. We get our wisdom through in-house professional real estate staff and outside private sector experts who identify the most cost effective leasing opportunities through detailed studies of real estate markets and submarkets.    We recognize that by relying on both internal and external expertise the Smithsonian can best meet its unique space requirements, ensure competitive negotiations with lessors, and identify when consolidation makes the most economic or programmatic sense.    We believe that this reliance has resulted in leases at or below market rates. We also believe that the Smithsonian is obligated to demonstrate that its use of taxpayer dollars is responsible. As an entity with independent leasing authority, we are not required to file annual reports with the Federal Real Property Council, but we do so voluntarily as part of our commitment to follow best practices.    Our Board of Regents, too, recognizes the importance of following best practices and must vet and approve all leases by the Smithsonian with a net present value of $5 million or more. Six Members of Congress sit on the Board, and three of those congressional Regents are also members of the Board's Facilities Committee, which has primary oversight over the Smithsonian's leasing activities, among other duties.    In determining our leasing requirements, Smithsonian museums, research centers, and support offices are required to formally compile a detailed request of their needs. Once approved, our real estate office works with the unit to verify and refine the requirement and develop an appropriate space plan.    We will only look to leasing space if current Smithsonian assets are unavailable, insufficient, or inappropriate for the proposed use.    As the Smithsonian's inspector general noted in a 2014 audit report on leasing activities, ``by monitoring the Smithsonian's use of leased office spaces the Real Estate Office successfully consolidated some spaces to reduce costs where possible.''    A disciplined leasing process is particularly important in securing space to house the national collections. Since Congress established the Smithsonian in 1846, we have learned much about the proper care and preservation of diverse collections and have applied that learning to develop realistic space requirements.    And these requirements can vary dramatically among the 138 million items in our collections, from mosquitoes to daguerreotypes types to the space shuttle, but all must satisfy Smithsonian standards for temperature, relative humidity, ventilation, lighting, fire suppression, and security. Our stringent policies and our adherence to them reflect how seriously we take our obligation to preserve and protect the national collections.    Looking ahead, last year we issued a collection space framework plan to guide our current and future collection needs while providing renovation and construction strategies that in the end will eliminate our need for leased collection space. Pursuant to the framework, we are planning to construct an additional storage pod at the Museum Support Center in Suitland, Maryland, and two new storage modules at the Udvar-Hazy Center in Chantilly, Virginia.    The first of those modules will initially serve as a temporary collection swing space during the revitalization of the National Air and Space Museum. A bill authorizing those projects has been referred to this subcommittee.    Our requirements for office space are less complex, but still carefully developed to ensure operational needs are met in a cost effective manner.    In addition to controlling leasing costs through competition, the Smithsonian is now pursuing a long-term cost savings strategy. Our current leased office holdings in DC are scattered across the metro area, creating operational inefficiencies and growing leasing costs.    To address this, we have aligned the termination dates of these leases with an eye toward consolidating space and creating savings. Proposals are now being evaluated in response to a nonbinding solicitation to consolidate Smithsonian administrative office space in the DC metro area.    We are conducting a cost-benefit analysis of all realistic options, from maintaining to status quo and extending those leases to outright purchase of a building, and we have also consulted with the GSA to identify suitable properties that may be available for consolidation within the Federal real estate portfolio.    As we look forward to the opening of the new National Museum of African American History and Culture this September and the renovation of the Air and Space Museum, and as our collections continue to grow, our need for space is greater than our budget will allow. For that reason, the Smithsonian will continue to seek efficiencies and consolidate our leased spaces in the most responsible and transparent manner possible.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and thank you for your support of the Smithsonian Institution.    Mr. Lapiana. Thank you.    Let me back up and just say that as we have entered into leases, we have done so in good faith, and we think we have very good grounds for doing so.    The issue was raised in the last few months about whether we had the budget authority to do so or not, and there was some lack of clarity. We are working with OMB right now in addressing those issues, and we will keep the committee apprised of our results there.    We are hopeful that it will be sooner rather than later.    Mr. Lapiana. If I could answer your second question first, we believe we do, and as Director Reeder noted in the rationale for why PBGC looks to GSA, at the Smithsonian we do have the expertise. We do have the bench strength. We have diverse and unique leases and properties that we manage, and for us, the most efficient and effective and responsive way to enter into leases or at least seek leases is internally with outside experts.    We also rely on GSA as an important resource. As I mentioned in my testimony, we voluntarily report to the council because we know it is the best practice, and we are always open to discussing with GSA other opportunities that would make our leasing more efficient and cost effective.    Mr. Lapiana. Thank you.    Before we even consider whether we should be seeking a lease, we do an internal needs analysis and make sure that within our portfolio we can accommodate the needs of the particular unit or museum.    After the needs analysis, both staff, real estate experts and outside consultants and brokers advise us on framing an     All of our leases are subject to competition, and it is a rigorous competition. We take it very seriously, and the Smithsonian is a very good tenant, and we get very good responses to our RFPs.    Once we get down to the best and final offers, we negotiate hard with our potential lessors. As I mentioned, we are a very good tenant, and the competition and the responses that we get reflect that, and our staff of experts look to use every available tool. Tenant improvement allowances, free rent, negotiation of escalation costs, it is all part of the final negotiation.    And we believe that in the end the proof is in that our leases are at or below market rates.    Mr. Lapiana. We have the vast majority of our office space in the metro DC area, and it is about 360,000 square feet. In general, it depends on the building, and I say that with respect to what we own and what we lease and what activities are going on in the building so that it is difficult for us to use the GSA office number across the board because not all of our activities and actually a majority of the space that we need is devoted to non-office or administrative functions.    However, in the end, staff-wise, FTE-wise, we are in the ballpark with respect to the GSA number. In preparing for this hearing, we were looking at that and anticipating a question like this. We have 6,300 employees, and we also have 6,500 volunteers and interns who are also using those spaces. We do not have the numbers with us yet but we would be happy to share it with the committee once we have collected the information.    So that when we make the calculations with regard to the GSA number, we are looking only at staff, but those interns and those volunteers, whom we could not run the Smithsonian without, are not in that calculation.    So we are actually very confident, even under a very conservative calculation, that we meet or are under the GSA number.    Mr. Lapiana. I think we reflect well against the GSA standard. As I mentioned, a smaller portion of our staff is administrative and in traditional offices. We have a lot of curators with collections who are in with the collections. In our number we have exhibit design and fabrication, and we have some museum space.    We have research laboratories, and we also have volunteers who actually turn out to be about half of our workforce.    Taking that all into account, we are very confident that we are at or better than the GSA number. However, it does come with these caveats of it is not just office space in the calculation. It is laboratories; it is libraries; it is exhibitions; it is exhibit fabrication and research.