    Ms. Plaskett. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning.    I was very interested in this topic, and I am very grateful to the Chairman and Ranking Member for having this discussion. One of the things that one of my colleagues talked about were the countries that do this well. What are the countries that we feel present the most instability and are the biggest threats and concerns to the United States in terms of importing food into this country?    Ms. Plaskett. Yes.    Dr. Beckham.--disease knows no borders. Those are real threats to our industry here because once something like that comes into the U.S., we are going to have a mess on our hands. PEDv actually got into the United States as well, and we are not exactly sure at this point how it came in. There are some theories about how PEDv came in. I think the best thing that we can do right now is start to scan the horizon, develop disease matrixes, look at what is happening overseas in areas that we are particularly concerned with, and get a good grasp on things that we should be looking forward to. Again, being proactive instead of reactive in those regions.    Ms. Plaskett. Okay, thank you.    Ambassador, did you have anything to add on that?    Ms. Plaskett. Yes.    Mr. Negroponte.--countries, I really don't, but I would say that in areas where we have actually engaged in discussions or trade talks, for example, I know that in the case of Mexico we had a lot of issues with Mexico about animal and plant health, and we were able to work our way through those issues, through dialogue, through ultimately having a trade agreement. And I can think of fruits and vegetables that were hard to get your hands on----    Ms. Plaskett. Right.    Mr. Negroponte.--before the North American Free Trade Agreement that we can now buy in the grocery stores here in this country. These issues are susceptible to solution, but the more dramatic cases of severe disease, I just wouldn't know what specific additional countries to mention.    Ms. Plaskett. So when we talk about that and look at the other countries that pose those threats, is the fear, or the concern, more domestic, or is it in the food supplies or food coming from other countries? What is a bigger threat, do we believe, our own domestic possibility of disease and----    Ms. Plaskett. Right. Well, one of the things I am interested in when I ask this question is, in the Virgin Islands, most of our food is imported. We have a lot of our processed foods and our meats that are imported. And my concern is as to what the specific areas should be doing about food that is imported, but also we then have the real issue of those foods that we try to export having to deal with Customs and Border Protection and dealing with inspections that then cause foods to go bad.    Ms. Plaskett. But the last thing that you talked about that I wanted to see if you would touch on is water security, because I as well, living on an island where it is water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink----