    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding today's legislative hearing on the Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016.    It is unfortunate, Mr. Chairman, but I have some grave concerns with this bill. This bill will roll back important provisions of the Clean Air Act and hurt our Nation's efforts to protect air quality.    For starters, H.R. 4775 would unacceptably delay implementation of the EPA's 2015 ozone standards for another 8 years, even though these standards have not been updated since the Bush administration last did it in 2008.    Additionally, Mr. Chairman, the bill would also mandate that EPA wait a decade before considering any new evidence regarding the health implementations from ozone and other harmful pollutants despite what the science may say.    Mr. Chairman, for those of us who believe that science should inform policy making in regards to public health decisions, prohibiting EPA from revisiting the scientific evidence for at least a decade is an unacceptable risk that could result in potentially disastrous health impacts for the American people.    Mr. Chairman, we know that breathing dirty pollutants such as ozone, carbon monoxide, lead, nitrogen, sulfur dioxide and many other dirty pollutants can lead to a host of health problems including asthma, inflammation of the lungs, respiratory disease and even premature death.    Current research even suggests, Mr. Chairman, that ozone may also occur--may also cause damage to the central nervous system and may harm developing fetuses.    Yet, Mr. Chairman, despite all the scientific research, this bill would stall the new ozone standards, permanently weaken the Clean Air Act and hamstring the EPA's ability to regulate these harmful contaminants both now and in the future.    And think, Mr. Chairman--under this bill not only would States not have to comply with the 2015 standards until 2026, but parents were not even being born if their communities were in violation of clean air standards until the year 2025.    Mr. Chairman, I can think of no greater benefit to the public interest denying--than denying citizens information directly tied to their health and their well-being. There is no benefit to the public interest.    Mr. Chairman, instead of trying to stall the 2015 ozone standards and prohibit the EPA from updating the national ambient air quality standards regularly as H.R. 4775 would do, we should be heeding the warnings of doctors and scientists of not acting quickly enough to protect the public health.    For these reasons among many others, I cannot support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it--to oppose it, rather, and I yield the rest of my time to Mr. McNerney from California.    Mr. McNerney. Well, I thank the gentleman.    I just want to thank Seyed Sadredin from San Joaquin Valley for appearing in front of the committee today. You're from the San Joaquin Air Valley Pollution Control District, which has one of the biggest challenges in the country. I look forward to your testimony and thank you again for showing up. With that, I yield back.    Mr. McNerney. No, I didn't do my duty and then yell out for the Warriors for winning 74 games this season. So, yay, Warriors.    Mr. McNerney. My concern here----    Mr. McNerney. Seventy-three. Well, I can give them an extra one.    So anyway, I mean, my concern here is the issue with the Clean Air Act is it provides incentives for using new technology and many of the emission reductions are achieved through instead of funds to use new technology that both reduce emissions and reduce costs and that is possible through innovation.    So we don't want to see the new law tear down that provision at all. But California is the home to two regions struggling with the worst air quality in the Nation.    As I mentioned, the San Joaquin Valley has really struggles. Our pollution control district has done tremendous work. They continue to do tremendous work and they have a lot of challenges ahead of them, and I just want to see that this law actually helps our communities fight pollution rather than puts them in a straightjacket.    So that is really what I was going to try and say with my earlier 2 minutes. So and with that, I yield back.    Mr. McNerney. Well, I thank the chair. You know, the San Joaquin Air Pollution Control District has done an excellent job over the years and I think should be a model for some of the districts across the country.    For example, the last couple years have been some of the cleanest on record. Would you discuss some of the accomplishments of the Air District and how you have attained those accomplishments?    Mr. McNerney. But, I mean, that wasn't my question. How did you meet those?    Mr. McNerney. Have you--have you been able to use technology--new technology? Has there been incentive for you to use new technology that you've implemented?    Mr. McNerney. You have mentioned that the new standards will be detrimental to public health. Could you explain that?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you. Mr. Mirzakhalili, does Delaware have any regions that are having difficulty meeting standards because of noncontrollable sources?    Mr. McNerney. So have you been able to work with the EPA to develop the flexibility you need to deal with that?    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.