    Mr. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses for being here today. Just a few brief questions. Number one, what percentage now of our aid goes with in-kind versus cash? What percentage would you say is each?    Mr. Kelly. Okay. A follow up on that, and more of a statement than a question. The question will follow. I think it is inherently important that we understand the value of when we send these in-kind, the presence of USAID on the side, USAID on the side of those bags, and people seeing those, that shows our presence there, and we lose that with the invisibility of cash, or those type of transactions. So I think that is important to show that we are helping the world when we are doing that.    What basis--and I know you have kind of answered this, so basis is probably not the--quite the answer I am looking for. What criteria are you using to determine whether or not it is in-kind versus a cash transaction? Are those things like the maturity and the corruption level of a government, or are they the location of that government, what criteria is used, if you can explain that?    Mr. Kelly. And again, I just want to make sure that we are doing the best thing to get food in the hands of those who most need it. And from a little bit of different perspective that I had, in my 2005 tour in Iraq, we had to deal a lot with local governments, and I had to deal with 3\1/2\ different provinces. And so with each of those local governments within that nation, we dealt differently in how we distributed relief, or products, or whatever we were dealing with to those local governments based on the local governments. How can you give me a comfort level that we are doing the same thing with USAID to make sure that the right, whether in-kind or cash, is going to the right person which best assists us in getting food in the right people's hands?    Mr. Kelly. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the remainder of my time.    The Chairman. I now recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Conaway.