    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank each of you for your work, for your recommendations. Ms. Gray, I want to come to you first. I have received a number of phone calls from agents, male, female, all over the country. They have actually gotten ahold of a Member of Congress, talked to me. Any time I get a blocked number, I know it is them. My concern is is that it sounds like there is a culture of fear within the rank and file. Would you agree with that assessment having talked to so many people?    Mr. Meadows. Let me followup on that. So if we have a culture of fear within the Service, and I am quoting from your report, it says they do not have the confidence that discipline is imposed in a fair and consistent manner, that they feel like that some people get off easier or some people get punished. Would you agree with that assessment, Ms. Gray?    Mr. Meadows. So if we have those two issues--and there is essentially another quote from your report, a good-old-boy network in terms of the management. Would you agree with that assessment, that that is the feeling within the Service?    Mr. Meadows. Would that be accurate--I am taking it from your report.    Mr. Meadows. So if there is a good-old-boy spirit of fear within management, and we are talking about resources, I think both Democrats and Republicans are committed to providing the resources to make sure that this agency has what it needs. But my concern is is the budget last time, under the Director that is no longer with the Service, actually asked for less money, asked to reduce the level of experience by an average of 5 years, actually went even further to say that they were going to reduce full-time equivalent people. And part of the people that made up that budget request got a promotion in January of this year. Do you find that that would create a real problem from a morale standpoint?    Mr. Meadows. So there were seven people who got a promotion in January. What did the rank and file say about that, senior-level executives?    Mr. Meadows. Let me tell you what I have heard. I have heard from agents that said that the 8th floor, they need to clean house of a lot of those folks. Have you guys heard similar Statements like that?    Mr. Meadows. I am going to close with this because I made a promise to a couple of agents, there is this forcing of transferring of people across the country where they will be working for 12 years, 10 years, and then they are forced to move somewhere else. And they are encouraged in such a way that if they don't do it, they may lose their clearance. Is that something that the panel looked into?