    Mr. Gibson. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate the panelists and want to begin just by associating myself with the remarks that General Keane made earlier today with regard to calling things for what they are: Islamic extremists. And I have been saying this for some time.    First of all, it is the reality. The second point is is that it really then lays bare what our enemy is trying to do. This extremist group, this Islamic extremist group, is trying to deceive the Muslim world that somehow they are advancing their cause. This is how they are trying to recruit and fundraise.    So when we label it as it is we lessen their ability, especially now, when you see Muslim nations and people standing up to this Islamic extremism in Iraq, Kurds, and then Jordan and Egypt, when we are supporting them we lessen our enemies' ability to recruit and fundraise, and that is the key point here. We can militarily engage at this moment, and, you know, for every one that we kill we end up, you know, dealing with issues of multipliers in terms of recruiting and fundraising; why it is so important to have clarity.    So I just want to associate myself with those remarks.    My question for the panel has to do with, and by the way, I want to thank General Keane. He has always been a source of inspiration and great mentorship to many of those in uniform.    My question is on Syria. Last fall I was not able to vote for arming the so-called Syrian--moderate Syrian army. I gave it a fair hearing. I looked at all briefings and looked at the briefing papers, and at the end of the day I believe that that force was militarily incompetent, politically untrustworthy, and it was going to fail.    So that put me in a--I mean, ethically, morally I felt in a tough spot because I knew that this is an enemy that can't be deterred; they have to be defeated. Question is, how? And we were proposing a strategy that was, in my view, going to fail. And now we are seeing the problems of it.    You know, how do we get anything done of significance in Syria without a political foundation? In Iraq you could argue about the efficacy of that foundation, but you have Iraq, the Kurds, you have a foundation from which to support taking certain action.    In Syria we have really no foundation, so what is the way forward there, from anyone in the panel? Very interested to hear.    General Keane. Well, I will take a stab at it. I mean, Syria is really a tough problem, and there are very good arguments on both sides, on many sides of this issue because it is so challenging. I just want to provide you a couple of data points.    Remember back when the--this was part of the Arab Spring, the people stood up against Assad and, because he was so violently--he used violence to push that--the people back, many of his officers and his troops that--underneath him joined the opposition forces because he was killing his own people in the streets, unlike what took place in Egypt. As a result of that, that opposition force gained momentum and they were--people in this town were predicting it was just a matter of time before Assad falls. Remember that?    And what happened is the Iranians came in, propped up the regime, so did the Russians, and then the Free Syrian Army asked for our help. And this goes back in the 2011 timeframe.    In 2012 ISIS moves into Syria, and would things have been different if we had helped the Free Syrian Army then to maintain that momentum against the regime? I think so; I don't know for sure. But I think we made a huge policy mistake.    And then in 2012 Clinton, Petraeus, Panetta, and Dempsey advocate the same thing as a matter of policy--not just the Free Syrian Army asking; now they are advocating it, and we say no again.    In 2012 the radical Islamists are in Syria, and they are growing in size and scale and adding to the complications of this problem. What they do--they didn't start the Arab Spring but they have always seen it as opportunity, when you have political and social upheaval like this and chaos, they want to take advantage of that because they want to have a seat at the table at the end of it.    That is what we are facing. So it adds to the complications that we have in Syria.    When I put my head on that and try to work out an answer to what needs to be done, I do believe we need to get a political solution in Syria. But how do you get it when Assad has the momentum? You are not going to get it, and the Iranians and the Russians are not going to permit it.    The only thing you can do is change that momentum, and that begins with military, to change the momentum he has. Shut down his air power by the use of no-fly zones and buffer zones. Would he contest that? Unlikely, because we would then destroy his air power.    That begins to change the political situation, because now he is no longer dominating. And it puts pressure on people around him to look for a solution that is beyond Assad.    That, I think, is the general thought process, that you have to get past Assad and you have to see a political solution there--not necessarily the removal of this entire regime, but the removal of Assad, and to some kind of accommodation with its own people--not the radicals, but with its own people that are fighting them. I don't think you can get there unless you took some kind of military action to balance the military situation.    Then you can put together--then I think our friends in the region--I can't say and guarantee you this would happen, but they are all urging us to do what I just said. Then I think you get the makings of an Arab-Turkish coalition, which the United States would participate in, to drive and defeat ISIS in Syria.    Those are kind of the steps, I think, that should be undertaken. But we have no plan to do any of that.    Mr. Gibson. Thank you, General. My time is expired.    Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Aguilar.