    Mr. Kramer. Thank you and good morning. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the role of the Natural Resources Conservation Service within the U.S. Department of Agriculture.    At NRCS, we know that voluntary private lands conservation is making a difference so that producers can sustain highly productive agriculture while making progress protecting and improving a Nation's natural resources. As Acting Regional Conservationist for the Northeast region, I have the privilege of serving multiple States, including Ohio and even Michigan.    I was raised on a farm in northwest Ohio and graduated from the Ohio State University with a bachelor's degree in agriculture. I have worked with NRCS in many capacities over 30 years, and I understand personally the conservation work my agency performs on private lands.    This is a great time for conservation, and I welcome the opportunity to share this with you today.    At NRCS, our conservationists work with State and local partners, as well as private organizations to deliver conservation, technical, and financial assistance to private landowners on a purely voluntary basis. In fiscal year 2014, NRCS provided technical assistance to over 135,000 customers nationwide to address natural resource objectives on almost 60 million acres of farm, ranch and forest land.    NRCS technical and financial assistance is delivered to private landowners primarily through programs authorized by the Farm bill, which include the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, the Conservation Stewardship Program, and the Agricultural Conservation Easement Program.    This assistance helps producers plan and implement a variety of conservation practices, such as cover crops, no-till, removing invasive species and restoring wetlands.    GLRI complements the significant investment made by NRCS within the Great Lakes region. Since 2010 and through 2014, GLRI has provided an additional $106 million in financial and technical assistance for conservation through the interagency agreement between NRCS and EPA. This was used to fund over 1,500 contracts with producers committing to implement conservation practices in over 300,000 acres within the Great Lakes Basin and to provide direct technical assistance to producers and landowners.    NRCS works very closely with partners across the country and in the Great Lakes to maximize the Federal investment and leverage that with non-Federal contributions. Within the context of GLRI, between fiscal years 2010 and 2014, NRCS has leveraged about $7 million of the GLRI funds in agreements with partners to increase the impact of the Federal investment in conservation.    Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to appear before you today. Conservation continues to be a solid investment in our Nation's future. GLRI and other NRCS conservation programs and activities supported by Congress and the administration have demonstrated success to helping farmers, ranchers and private forest owners achieve their production and operational goals in balance with nature, with the natural resource objectives which provide benefits for the rural communities and the Nation as a whole.    I will be very happy to respond to any of your questions at this time.    Thank you.    Mr. Kramer. That is a good question. Eliminating it, I do not know if that is going to be possible. I think we have an opportunity here to reduce the impact, maybe the duration.    Just since 2010 to 2013, the GLRI funding that was provided to NRCS has reduced, we estimate, the nitrogen entering into the Great Lakes by over 3.5 million pounds and over 600 pounds of phosphorus.    Now, the algal blooms still develop. There are many other sources. It is not just agriculture.    Mr. Kramer. There's residential. There's commercial. There's what we call legacy phosphorus, which there is phosphorus sitting in Lake Erie, you know, in the sediment, on the ground or under the surface, and turbidity, water, air temperature, water depth, sunlight, all have an impact on whether that comes up.    Mr. Kramer. I can't answer that. I do not know that we have made that distinction, Congressman.    Mr. Kramer. But we have reduced and we are looking at other methods and processes. We do know that a lot of the dissolved phosphorus gets out in the tile.    Mr. Kramer. Gets out in the tile, through the farms, and as of right now Ohio has just with assistance from GLRI funding entered into agreement with the Ohio Farm Bureau to do demonstration farms, you know. So there are a lot of different things going on.    Mr. Kramer. Yes.    Mr. Kramer. Well, for me it is voluntary, at least when it comes to private landowners, private agricultural farms. I think the voluntary approach works.    One good example of why it works, and this is not just in the Western Lake Erie Basin or the Great Lakes but across the country, every single one of the programs that NRCS offers is well oversubscribed. We have backlogs forever.    People want to participate. They want to put conservation on their ground, and they want some assistance to do that, and we have shown that it does work.    Mr. Kramer. That is right.    Mr. Kramer. The one thing that we are doing that is not actually cleaning, but what we called edge of field monitoring, which we now do within NRCS. That allows, on the farms, they can monitor the nutrient loads that are coming off that farm.    We have looked at things such as bioreactors and things of that nature in the ground, subsurface, to clean it, but what you are referring to I am not aware of, but it is a possibility. We could look at those different methods and processes, and within NRCS what we typically do is take a look at something like that. If it provides merit, we can try it on a pilot basis.    Mr. Kramer. OK.    Mr. Kramer. Yes, yes. The water temperature, air temperature. I think we avoided it a lot this year because we did not have as much duration of hot, humid days, and we had some winds that kind of, you know, stirred the lake a little bit. At least that is from the reports from NOAA that we receive on a pretty regular basis.    Mr. Kramer. Well, I think, you know, one of the big things that we do is not just controlling the runoff. It is what is being applied.    Mr. Kramer. You know, only apply what you absolutely need through our nutrient management standard specification, which is a widely used practice throughout the basin and throughout the Great Lakes.    So what is being delivered on the field should be controlled first, and a lot of producers are doing that.    Mr. Kramer. I believe maybe it is kind of what I referred to before. We have developed a Conservation Effects Assessment Project that we have done, and our scientists have estimated that for Western Lake Erie Basin alone, if we treated every single agricultural farm, we would still only reduce the nutrients by 40 percent.    So I guess what I am trying to say is that maybe what that statement is referring to is even in doing everything that we could do, there are still so many other factors involved that we are not going to be able to get there.    Mr. Kramer. Yes, yes. I do not have that with me, but we could provide that.    Mr. Kramer. The number of producers in the Great Lakes that are actually working with us, yes. We could provide that information.    Mr. Kramer. Yes.    Mr. Kramer. Thank you.    Mr. Kramer. Yes, they can, and as a matter of fact, NRCS has utilized some of the GLRI funding in just such that way.    In my oral and, I believe, written testimony, it alluded to the agreements to extend the Federal contributions. We can enter into agreements with soil and water districts, State departments of agriculture, and others to put more boots on the ground, more folks out there in the field, and we have done that in various areas throughout the Great Lakes.    Mr. Kramer. Yes.    Mr. Kramer. Yes, typically the NRCS program, specifically EQIP , would not actually purchase a piece of equipment, but what it would do is provide an incentive to those farmers where if they want to go out and purchase that together to share it, they could use those funds to do that.    What we are looking for is the activity. What are they actually doing on the farm? We are paying an incentive for that activity. Now, if that means they have to get a piece of equipment or modify it, that is fine, but we definitely stray from using the tax dollars to actually purchase a piece of equipment which may not be there in 2 to 3 years or it might be.    Mr. Kramer. But there are ways to get to where you are going.    Mr. Kramer. Yes, they do.    Mr. Kramer. No, Congressman, I do not. We can check with some of our scientists and see if they have pulled some of that information, but I am not aware of that. We were just looking at the agricultural and what reductions in phosphorus and nutrients and nitrogen we would see from all of the treatment of all of the agricultural land.    Mr. Kramer. Yes.