    Mr. Massie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I drove an 85 kilowatt hour battery here this morning. It has four wheels. And that's probably the way to look at it; it's a rolling battery.    Before I ask some questions about batteries, I want to ask Dr. Whitacre and Mr. Giudice about the role that patents play in commercializing technology. I think this is something that a lot of my colleagues here in Congress don't fully appreciate why these are in our Constitution, but can you tell me do patents help or hinder you in your quest to commercialize this technology?    Mr. Massie. Thank you.    Mr. Massie. Right. Let me give Mr. Giudice a chance to----    Mr. Massie. Thank you. That confirms what my experience, when I started a company at MIT with technology from there is that, without patents--and you might think you would want all this to be shareware, but the reality is the investors will not come and invest the money and commercialize in the manufacturing unless you have patents. And you have to be able to defend them as well. And I know it can get messy with overlapping technology, but that's what the courts are for, and we can get to the facts.    So now, I'm sort of on a mission here in Congress to protect our intellectual property system, and it's--trust me, it's being attacked here right now. Quick--have a few questions. What--Dr. Gyuk, what portion of our storage capacity right now consists of pumped hydroelectric capacity on the grid, just roughly? It seems to be the most conventional at this point.    Mr. Massie. Why is that?    Mr. Massie. Thank you.    Mr. Massie. Is--and how does it compare like with batteries right now, the cost of pumped hydro versus, say, a chemical solution?    Mr. Massie. Thank you very much.    I see my time has expired. Are we going to do another round of questions, hopefully? I'll beg for some more time if----    Mr. Massie. Okay. I yield back then.    Mr. Massie. Thank you, Chairman Smith. And because this is such an interesting topic, and we have such great witnesses, we're going to do a second round of questions, at the risk of not catching our airplanes. And I appreciate your indulgence if you're available to stay for more questions.    Mr. Massie. Yeah. It will get you there very quickly.    And at this point I yield five minutes to Mr. Takano from California.    Mr. Massie. Yes, I have a 45 kilowatt hour lead acid battery that's 12 years old, and I'm looking for a replacement, by the way, so I want to talk to you after the hearing.    Mr. Massie. Yes, sir.    Mr. Massie. Literally. In this--and because of that, I understand the importance of batteries. I have 13 kilowatts of solar on my roof, but it does me no good when the sun goes down if the batteries can't hold the electricity. And some days, because I'm off the grid, the power is literally just kind of spilling out. It goes nowhere and doesn't get saved.    Mr. Massie. Thank you. At this point I yield myself five minutes. I can't wait.    Takano. Take as long as you want.    Mr. Massie. And I've been given permission to take even more time.    But the first thing I want to ask you about, I listened to your list of materials, Dr. Whitacre, in your battery, and I heard, you know, saline or seawater--saltwater and some other things, cotton, some magnesium maybe in there. I was glad I didn't hear unobtainium, you know. This is a problem that we have when we try to scale things from the lab, you know, theoretical to mass production is sometimes you pick a material that's hard to obtain or hard to find at those scales. And I think one thing we need to be careful of, and I know you mentioned vanadium and iodide, which aren't unobtainium, those are familiar, is that we don't trade one set of moral encumbrances for another if we design materials into our batteries that aren't available domestically, and I'm okay with free trade, but are only available in politically unstable regions. And so could you talk to that issue? Mr. Giudice, you mentioned your battery technology, does it have any unobtainium in it or any special sauce that we can't get in this country?    Mr. Massie. Would anybody else like to comment on that? Dr. Gyuk?    Mr. Massie. Um-hum.    Mr. Massie. Because we're using carbon and hydrogen and oxygen, right?    Mr. Massie. Okay.    Mr. Massie. All right. Well, thank you very much.    Now, I know that the constraints on a car battery are different than the constraints on a stationary application where you just go for cost and cycle time, and you don't have to worry about weight, but what occurs to me is that--you were talking about those fancy cars they make, and I heard my car being called fancy, but it's an 85 kilowatt hour battery and we're fast approaching 100,000 of those vehicles in, you know, domestically. It's--that's like 8.5, if I've got my decimal place in the right spot, 8.5 gigawatt hours of capacity running around in this country pretty soon. Is there a potential for using that wisely, Dr. Virden?    Mr. Massie. Um-hum.    Mr. Massie. If you'll indulge one more question.    Mr. Massie. All right. Dr. Whitacre, I know your company is making a battery and it's selling it into applications that seem to involve different levels of scale. It's sort of the unique feature of your battery; you can scale it up and down. And this is really a question to all of you, but I'll start with Dr. Whitacre. To what degree are we going to be dealing with distributed storage, like at the home scale, versus centralized storage, and is there even a cost-effective place where it makes sense to do home storage? And I start with you, Dr. Whitacre.    Mr. Massie. That's what I tell people that want to go off the grid, there's only one thing worse than the battery problem and that's the generator.    Mr. Massie. I'm on my first set of batteries, but on my fourth generator so----    Mr. Massie. Mr. Giudice.    Mr. Massie. All right, my time has very much expired, and so I will yield time generously to Mr. Grayson from Florida.    Mr. Massie. And as we close, I'm going to yield one more minute to my friend from California----    Mr. Massie. --Mr. Takano.    Mr. Massie. Well, in closing, I want to say this has been a very enlightening hearing, thanks very much in part to the quality of the witnesses and the quality of the questions. And it confirms what I--my personal experience which is, batteries are not sexy, okay. You know, buckets of acid in your basement do not evoke envy from your neighbors, even though blue solar panels on your roof might. And--but the reality is this is what's holding our country back, this is what's holding renewable energy back. In fact, this is holding nuclear energy back, this is holding coal-fired energy back. I mean all these peak issues, they apply to any energy source that we have. And so I think even though it's not as sexy as some of the other topics, it is fundamentally very important to moving forward in our country is to have a better battery. The world needs a better battery. So I thank you for making that point, and informing us today on some of the issues. I will say that we very much value your testimony today.    And the members--the record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from Members.    And this hearing is adjourned.