    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you both for being here today. I would also like to welcome Wendy Spencer, chief executive officer for the Corporation for National and Community Service, and Deborah Jeffrey, the inspector general. And I want to thank you both for joining us today.    We are here today to discuss the critical role that the Corporation for National and Community Service, or CNCS, has in encouraging volunteerism and civic engagement. Service is the rent that we pay for living on this Earth and it is also the foundation of our democracy, and its value to our society cannot be overstated.    Since its founding, CNCS has engaged millions of volunteers in national and community service. These volunteers have served as teachers and tutors and mentors and counselors working with disadvantaged students in high-need schools. In cases of natural disaster, volunteers have helped local communities prepare for, mitigate, respond, and recover from forest fires and floods and hurricanes and tornadoes. Volunteers have assisted our Nation's veterans in adjusting to civilian life, constructed and rebuilt homes for thousands of families, and help our Nation's seniors in maintaining the highest degree possible of independent living and much more. All of us ought to be engaged in national service. So thank you, CNCS, for being a leader on this issue.    You see, my upbringing taught me that we won't be able to celebrate community, nor can we build community if we are not inclusive, if we do not care for the least of these. So as we engage ourselves in trying to improve our community for the better, we must do so remembering that we are thy brother's and thy sister's keepers, and as such, inextricably tied to one another. But in order for the community to be engaged, the community must be involved. And that is exactly what CNCS does. CNCS and the community volunteers that they coordinate enable tens of thousands of nonprofit organizations, faith-based groups and schools and municipal agencies to solve tough problems and meet local needs. CNCS also serves and builds and makes an impact that change lives and communities.    Martin Luther King once said that the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands in times of challenge and controversy. So during the times of challenge, CNCS is there.    During the Flint crisis, CNCS deployed an AmeriCorps team to Flint to support State and local efforts to protect the public health of residents facing challenges from increased lead levels in the Flint water supply. And when tornadoes wreaked havoc in Oklahoma, CNCS deployed an AmeriCorps team to that region.    So needless to say, I could praise the instances of these volunteers helping our Nation's communities in times of need. But I will stop here and say that it is without a doubt that CNCS has improved the quality of life in my home State of North Carolina and communities around this great Nation.    After I was sworn into Congress, I made it a priority to join the Committee on Education and the Workforce and I am glad I am here. And I fought to do that intentionally because I understand the significance of community engagement. And as a member of the Committee, I feel responsible for ensuring that the Corporation has strong management, monitoring, and oversight as well as the resources necessary to effectively administer its programs and carry out its mission. And while there is always room for improvement, I strongly believe that CNCS is taking this responsibility serious.    So with regard to the recent incidences that occurred with the AmeriCorps program, CNCS discovered and resolved these issues with deliberate action. And I can't help but think that if this were anything other than services related to women's health, that the Corporation would not be called in front of us here today.    So as we proceed with today's hearing, I want to strongly encourage my colleagues on this committee to focus on the vital importance of service to our Nation. And while we must maintain vigorous oversight and enforcement, we must also remember how CNCS engages over a million volunteers, which is something that benefits local communities all across America on both sides of the aisle. So I look forward to hearing more about how we can improve and strengthen National Service programs that are so important to our Nation's success. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Madam Chair. I am a little bit curious about the review process. If you could talk a little bit more about it. Was it just written? Were there verbal conversations with the applicants? How did that work, Ms. Spencer?    Ms. Adams. Yeah, for this particular--    Ms. Adams. Right.    Ms. Adams. Okay, so--    Ms. Adams. Yeah, okay. So as a follow-up, in the discussions, did they talk about abortion?    Ms. Adams. Okay, let me ask. You mentioned no-cost extension, that they could ask for that.    Ms. Adams. Have they asked for a no-cost extension?    Ms. Adams. And so you did say you would consider it. So when did you make a decision and would you approach them about doing it? I mean, since we are talking about, maybe you are talking about some misconduct, but not everybody was responsible for it and not wanting everybody to suffer. So what is your thought about that?    Ms. Adams. Okay, so since there is not much time, you mentioned that the grant is up in July. But let me just move on and ask, what exactly were the volunteers doing? I mean, did they perform the abortions that you are talking about?    Ms. Adams. Okay.    Ms. Adams. Okay, and finally before I run out of time, I wanted to ask you, you know, if there were some things that you think that were inappropriate, but what would reduced funding for CNCS mean for communities around the country if you had to do that?    Ms. Adams. What would reduced funding do? What would it mean for communities around the country if their funding was reduced, eliminated?    Ms. Adams. Yes, ma'am. Well, it sounds like it would have a devastating impact in terms of the services overall that are provided if the funding was not there. And I yield back, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much, Dr. Adams. I believe, Mr. Courtney, we are going to recognize you for 5 minutes.    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Madam Chair. I am and I want to thank both of you for your participation today.    Since its creation more than 20 years ago, the Corporation for National and Community Service has been a strong pillar in our community. Across this Nation, CNCS has engaged millions of Americans in service. It's AmeriCorps, Senior Corps, Social Innovation Fund, and the Volunteer Generation Fund program. CNCS has been a leader in alleviating the role of national service, which is important to those involved. Madam Chair, I have a letter I wanted to submit. I am trying to figure out where it is right now. Oh, here it is.    Chairwoman Foxx. Without objections.    Ms. Adams. Okay, thank you. So let me just move on to say last year, CNCS provided 345,000 volunteers who served over 155 million hours through AmeriCorps and Senior Corps in more than 500,000 locations. And it's clear that our continued support is absolutely necessary. Tackling issues like literacy and homelessness and hunger have been continued priorities for CNCS, as well responding to national disasters and helping seniors reenter the workforce to improving student academic achievement, CNCS is making a real difference and we appreciate that.    But, you know, I guess I didn't come prepared today to hear so much about the use of government funds and what appears to me to be somewhat attacks on a woman's right to determine what to do with their bodies. But CNCS did, from what I hear, what they were supposed to do, address the issue at hand, but yet it continues to come up in this Congress about women and what we ought to do concerning reproductive rights. So while the hearing is--was--I did not believe it was supposed to be about reproductive rights, I just wanted to just comment that I think that we wasted a lot of time with baseless attacks.    For instance, the Select Panel on the Planned Parenthood has been nothing more in my opinion than a political theater. But we, my colleagues, have pushed for 21 anti-women's health votes, introduced 51 anti-women's health bills, and we have had 8 anti-women health hearings. And I just think that we need to be talking about misuse of some of those funds.    But again, let me just applaud you for the hard work that you have done over the past two decades and I know that what you do will continue to engage more citizens and more volunteers in a productive way. And I just think that the work that CNCS has done and continues to do has made significant contributions and I certainly hope that you will continue to do that and that we will support those efforts.    Thank you very much. Madam Chair, I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much. Ms. Adams and I have worked together over many years when we were both in the North Carolina legislature and I will have to say I very much disagree that this is only a hearing about women's reproductive rights. This hearing has come about because there is an agency in Federal Government that is not being held accountable properly in terms of how it spends money in many different ways.    I am home every weekend and I come in contact with hardworking citizens who do their jobs and they pay their taxes. They volunteer and they do not get paid for it. They are true volunteers. And I see those people struggling every day to make ends meet and do work in their fire departments as volunteers, the Boy Scouts, and Girl Scouts. And they want their money spent well. They do not begrudge helping their fellow citizens. We are the most generous people in the world. But they want their money spent well. And this agency does not spend its money well in many cases.    You mentioned, Ms. Spencer, that you had a $6 million reduction over six years. Well, you are just talking to the wrong folks because our congressional offices over the past eight years have had a 20 percent reduction in the money allowed to us to serve a lot of people, over 700,000 people. And all of us are struggling very hard to continue the level of service that we gave before our funds were cut. So I am sorry, that argument does not go very far with this group.    Your idea of a culture of accountability and mine and Dr. Roe's and the folks on our side of the aisle are two very different things. You can say you have a culture of accountability, but I am sorry to say you have not described that very well today in my opinion. If people had worked for me who had broken the law, I'd have no tolerance for them whatsoever. Zero tolerance. And many members of Congress have exhibited that.    You talk a lot about intentions. We need to be talking about metrics and true accountability here. Maybe Dr. Roe and I are a little old-fashioned in what we think, but we think you ought to be measuring real things. What kind of outcomes are you actually getting? What skills are the people in these programs truly getting? Do they get any certifications? You know, we demand that kind of accountability in certain areas and then in other areas where our colleagues want to measure only intentions, we don't get that.    Now, it is true that the law has been broken by people, by agencies, and groups you have funded. The law is clear. The Federal Government is not going to support abortion services. So while this hearing was not about that particular issue, I don't think we can close it without making it very clear. You seem to have a lack of concern about the violation of the law. Your consideration of a no-cost extension is very troubling to me.    We have said it before, I said it at the beginning of the hearing, and I am going to say it again, this grant should be pulled immediately and under no circumstances should it be extended. And I hope we will get back from you a report that will fulfill that because when you allow the violation of law in whatever category that it is, then we start down a slippery slope in this country. We are governed by the rule of law and we should all want to uphold that.    There being no further business, the subcommittee stands adjourned.