    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Madam Secretary, for being here today.    As a returning combat veteran, I had some firsthand experience with prescription pain killers. In my case, Percocet, but, while it did reduce the pain, it left me with a clouded mind. I became concerned about that. I did not like not having my faculties, so I quit taking them.    However, pain management, and not just among our veterans, has resulted in perhaps a lot of what is categorized as suicides, it might have been accidental death. On a broader scale nationally, at least 18 States now have more deaths due to prescription opioids than car fatalities.    Mr. Russell. The fatality rates have increased five-fold since 1990. Accidental overdoses are up 360 percent since 1999. In 2004, prescription and other over-the-counter drugs were responsible for more years of lost potential life than all accidents from falls, firearms, drownings, fires, and non-medication poisonings combined.    Opioid pain killer prescriptions have increased 800 percent from 1997 to 2006, and the data for the next decade will probably exceed even further.    America now has had an increase in these, but I cannot imagine they have had an 800 percent increase in pain. Instead, America now has seen a health science environment that allowed law makers to pass these laws in the first place, and I think America has been sold faulty health science and a bill of goods.    So, my question to you, Madam Secretary, in the $1.1 billion spending program to provide treatment to those exposed and suffering this abuse, we have been exposed to prescription heroin nationwide, what actions will you be taking to curtail the science that suggested these laws be passed in the first place?    Mr. Russell. I would hope rather than chase more money after bad practices that we would take these things off the market. I think we existed for a long time as a country, we fought world wars, we did a lot of other things. America has not had an 800 percent increase in pain.    I would hope that you would devote more effort towards the faulty science that has allowed these laws to pass. We are creating an epidemic that we are not likely to recover from. I do appreciate your efforts thus far. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.