    Mr. Gellasch. Chairman Scott, Ranking Member Scott, Chairman Conaway, and other Members of the Committee, thank you for inviting me here today.    The testimony I am going to give today represents my views, and not those of the trade association or others members.    And I agree with your remarks. I actually believe that we can have more resilient markets and still protect end-users. And I also want to start today by recognizing the obvious; that inadequate regulation of derivatives turned the mortgage crisis into a worldwide financial meltdown. And in response to that crisis, regulators around the world designed rules to make our markets more fair, more transparent, more stable, and less likely to cause the next financial crisis.    I think it is clear they have actually done that. But unlike some of my colleagues here today, I want to share with you that these important reforms are not actually having a profound negative impact on real end-users. And the elaborate web of rules, that my colleagues referenced a moment ago, don't actually apply to them, and in part because of your hard work, but in part because of smart choices also made by our regulators.    Today's topic focuses largely on margin and capital, and I think that is actually the most important part of the crisis. The largest firms, AIG and the banks, had hundreds of billions of dollars on their balance sheets, and yet they still were not able to weather the storm, in large part because they had inadequate margin from their counterparties, and they had inadequate capital to absorb the losses, so the taxpayers did.    And I want to explore for a moment exactly what margin and capital are. As Mr. Lukken said, margin is the first line of defense for a counterparty. It is an asset often extremely liquid in securities that are used to satisfy the obligation. And it has been a hallmark of our capital markets for decades around the world, and it is actually the only reason to promote liquidity in times of financial stress. Capital, by contrast, ensures that the firm has enough of its own, not borrowed, money to meet the foreseeable obligations; essentially, to stay solvent. If margin is the first line of defense for a counterparty in the time of a crisis, then capital and leverage limits are the last before the bailout.    Once the crisis hit, everyone realized that we needed more margin and capital in the system, and the G20 summits focused squarely on those issues. And that is actually what Dodd-Frank did as well. And now we are hearing from many of the largest banks and financial firms and their trade groups here, that the requirements on them will have, and I will again use their words, profound negative impacts, or impede the ability of end-users to manage their risks. And I am here to say I respectfully disagree, and the reason is, frankly, simple math. And let me use an example from real life that I am familiar with, and it is a real commercial end-user, it was a parts supplier in Michigan who has a $100,000 loan with an interest rate risk associated with that, and they want to engage in perhaps a swap to fix that risk. So now they go to a bank with a 7\1/2\ percent capital requirement. Okay. So the real risk for them may be just $1,000, the actual full risk. So the market value is $1,000. The capital for that is about $75, 7\1/2\ percent of that. But we are not even talking about the $75 on this $100,000 swap. We are talking about the difference between that being borrowed money and that being the financial firm's own money.    So what is the difference there? That is actually about $7\1/2\. So what we are really talking about on a $100,000 swap is an incremental cost to the bank or to the large financial firm of basically a ham sandwich downstairs. That is the amount of money we are actually talking about. That is the profound impact of the cost that we are worried about being passed on to the end-users.    Again, the end-user itself isn't posting any margin. It is not posting any capital. It doesn't have to keep those things. And those folks were appropriately exempted from the regulation.    So one thing I want to take a few moments to talk about is who are the financial firms. Obviously, we have the largest banks who are familiar with capital and margin requirements that have applied to them for decades, but we also have the largest financial services firms. We have the insurance companies, we have the hedge funds, mutual funds, the futures commission merchants, we have those folks. I would argue that actually that bucket is precisely the bucket that these rules are designed to target, and the reason is AIG, Long-Term Capital Management, MF Global, those are the firms that we actually do have to worry about. And for them, margin and capital rules, some of them may apply, and some of them are not very familiar with it, and I recognize that.    And then, of course, we have the real end-users, the farmers cooperatives, the manufacturers, they had nothing to do with this crisis, and no one agrees that they did. What is interesting is we are doing our best now, and with your Committee's great work, making sure that these rules don't apply to them.    The last point I want to make is something that my colleagues also referenced with respect to the cross-border issues. I share the concerns with both mutual recognition and making sure that our regulators work collaboratively around the globe.    With respect to whether or not we exempt, or our regulators cede jurisdiction to others, I would say be very careful. It was, in fact, the London trading desks of some of the largest firms that led to some of the large losses, so I would urge them to be careful.    Again, thank you for inviting me here today, and I look forward to any questions.    Mr. Gellasch. Yes.    Mr. Gellasch. Pardon?    Mr. Gellasch. The banks'. Actually, they are the ones who actually have----    Mr. Gellasch. So that is, actually, a really interesting question. So if you----    Mr. Gellasch. Pardon?    Mr. Gellasch. Absolutely.    Mr. Gellasch. Absolutely.    Mr. Gellasch. We don't know. And so out of $100,000 swap, the $7\1/2\ or so of the incremental cost of having it----    Mr. Gellasch. No, but a lot of end-users do. And so you start to talk about $100,000 swaps or $1 million swaps or $100,000 swaps, the actual incremental cost here is just the incremental cost of, whether or not it is borrowed money or whether or not it is their own money. That is the difference between the capital. So that is actually the number we have to worry about. It is not the total amount of capital that they have, it is the cost of that being borrowed money or----    Mr. Gellasch. So, yes, and the answer is almost assuredly yes. And so the market risk for them was $1,000 on the example I used, so the market risk was $1,000 for them. They may very well charge, we are talking about hundreds of dollars. So the incremental cost to them is literally a few percentage points.    Mr. Gellasch. They may charge $100 for $1,000 to be willing to take that interest----    Mr. Gellasch. I can't say I am----    Mr. Gellasch. So the question is how much of that will be passed on, and the answer is we haven't seen it. So a lot of these rules have actually already been----    Mr. Gellasch. Yes. To the extent that there are limitations on that. I would say, we do have, actually, a relatively competitive environment. One of the things we have actually seen as some of these rules have come on is in the interest rate environment, we have actually seen bid-ask spreads narrow, we have actually seen liquidity in some cases actually improve. We have actually seen costs come down.    Mr. Gellasch. I wouldn't actually say I am as happy as I am, but I do think that they are generally very good rules.    The Chairman. All right, the chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Arizona, Mrs. Kirkpatrick.    Mr. Gellasch. Just to add a quick interesting point on that. One of the things we have seen is actually the consolidation is a real concern. It is actually one that is not unique to this. The largest financial institutions have cheaper borrowing costs and economies of scale that smaller firms simply do not.    When you talk about whether----    Mr. Gellasch. Absolutely not. The challenge there is the same thing we have in this context as we do all other business lines that banks and financial firms are engaged in. We have seen a consolidation that is not just in the derivatives and not just in these markets, but in others as well. We have seen that in commercial banking as well.    One of the things that is really important here is when we talk about what that means, what that consolidation means. Does it mean higher costs or not. Actually, I would look at is the actual cost of doing a trade, what that means in terms of pricing, what that means in terms of bid-ask spread for doing that trade, and what the implementation cost is for that trade. And actually, by those measures, actually, costs are coming down, notwithstanding this consolidation. So I just want to make that point.