    Mr. Vance. Thank you. Good afternoon, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the House Judiciary Committee. Thank you so much for allowing me to participate today. I'm testifying as a district attorney but on behalf of the National District Attorneys Association. And I'm very grateful for you giving us the opportunity to be here, because much of the discussion in the prior panel and in the comments by the other speakers here has been about the Federal Government and about the issue of security and cybercrime in the Federal context. But it's important, I think, for all of us to recognize that State and local law enforcement agencies handle 95 percent of the criminal cases each year around the country. So we have a very deep interest in the subject matter of this hearing today, and thank you for letting us participate.    Apple and Google's decision to engineer their mobile devices to, in essence, be warrant-proof has had a real effect on the traditional balance of public safety versus privacy under our Fourth Amendment jurisprudence. And I agree with the comments. I think of everyone here, including the many Members of the House, that we really need Congress to help solve this problem for us, and it's why it's so important that you're undertaking this effort. But I think in looking at this issue, there are some basic facts from the State law perspective that really are very important in this debate but are not in dispute.    And, number one, as Tim Cook said in his open letter to his customers of Apple of February 16 of this year: Smartphones, led by iPhone, have become an essential part of our lives. Nothing could be more true. We are all using our cell phones for every aspect of our lives.    Number two, is that smartphones are also essential to criminals. Our office investigates and prosecutes a huge variety of cases, from homicide to sex crimes, from international financial crime, and including terrorism cases, and criminals in each of those cases use smartphones to share information, to plan and to commit crimes, whether it's through text messages, photographs, or videos.    Number three, criminals know that the iOS 8 operating system is warrant-proof. Criminals understand that this new operating system provides them with the cloak of secrecy, and they are, ladies and gentlemen, quite literally laughing at us. And they are astounded that they have a means of communication totally secure from government reach. And I don't ask you to take my word for it. In one lawfully recorded phone conversation from Rikers Island in New York, an inmate, talking about the iOS 8 default device encryption, called it, and I'm quoting, ``a gift from God.''    Number four, the encryption Apple provided on its mobile devices prior to iOS 8, that is before October 2014, was represented to be both secure for its customers and, importantly, was amenable to court-authorized searches. We know this because Apple told us this. Apple characterized its iOS 7 operating system as the ultimate in privacy. It touted its proven encryption methods and assured its users that iOS 7 could be used with confidence in any personal or corporate environment. During the time when iOS 7 was the operating system, Apple also acknowledged, and I think importantly, its responsibility to help, again in Apple's own words, ``police investigating robberies and other crimes, searching for missing children, trying to locate a patient with Alzheimer's disease, or hoping to prevent a suicide.'' So Apple's experience, I believe, with iOS 7 demonstrated that strong encryption and compliance with court orders are not mutually exclusive.    A default device encryption has had a profound impact on my office and others like it. In November of 2015, my office published a white paper on public safety and encryption, and at that time, there were 111 iPhones from which we were locked out, having obtained search warrants for those devices. Now, 2\1/2\ months later, when we submitted our written testimony for this Committee, the number was 175. Today, it is 205, which represents more than one out of four of the approximately 700 Apple devices that have been analyzed by our office's own cyber lab since the introduction of iOS 8.    And, of course, that problem isn't just in Manhattan. Prosecutors in Houston have been locked out of more than 100 iPhones last year, 46 in Connecticut, 36 in Chicago since January, and those are just a few of the thousands of phones taken into evidence each year around the country.    So centuries of jurisprudence that have been talked about today have held that no item, not a home, a file cabinet, a safe, or even a smartphone, is beyond the reach of a court-ordered search warrant. But the warrant-proof encryption today gives two very large companies, we believe, functional control over the path to justice for victims of crime, including who could be prosecuted and, importantly, who may be exonerated.    So our point, Mr. Chairman, is that we believe this line being drawn between public safety and privacy is extremely important. It's affecting our lives. It's affecting our constituents' lives. And we believe that you should be drawing it, and we ask you to address this problem quickly. Time is not a luxury for State and local law enforcement, crime victims, or communities can afford. Our laws require speedy trials. Criminals have to be held accountable. And victims are, as we speak and we know in this audience, asking for justice.    Mr. Vance. Yes.    Mr. Vance. There may well be an overlap between action in Federal court where the FBI is in litigation and in State court. I do believe that what we should be seeking, collectively, is not a phone-by-phone-by-phone solution to accessing devices and the contents when there's probable cause; we should be creating a framework in which there are standards that are required to--for a court to authorize access to a device and that it's not based upon litigation as to whether you can get into a West Coast phone or an East Coast phone.    Mr. Vance. Right. Yes.    Mr. Vance. Of course I haven't, Congressman, but--but----    Mr. Vance. I'm not sure, Congressman, there is a difference. They're both court orders that are directing an end result. One may be in a civil context; one in a criminal context.    But I would say that in this discussion, it's very much a part of our history in America that when companies produce items or objects, or commerce becomes ubiquitous in a particular area, that the company has to have the realization that part of a group of people who are using its products are using it to commit criminal purposes.    Take a look at the banking system, currency transaction reports. So once it became obvious that criminals were moving cash through the banks, the response was you have to create and file transaction reports when cash is moved.    When two companies like these two hugely successful and important companies own 96.7 percent of the world's smartphone market, and we know that criminals--we know that criminals are using the devices to commit crimes--we've heard some of those stories--I don't think that it is new in American history, or in the context of business ethics or oversight for companies to have to adapt to the realities of the product they've created.    Mr. Vance. It would be the only one required to. If someone else had information about it, they could submit it, but it would be the only one who had firsthand knowledge.    Mr. Vance. If I can refer to actually the Doctor's own paper. You need the phone physically at Cupertino to open it. And I refer you to her----    Mr. Vance. Congressman, my point is simply that if this code is created, and you are looking at the risk to other devices, other Apple phones in the world, those phones are going to have to come to Cupertino to be opened. This is----    Mr. Vance. Congressman, I respectfully disagree with the colleague from Apple, but I will confess that his knowledge of the company is great. Apple has created a technology which is default disk encryption. It didn't exist before. It exists now. Apple is now claiming a right of privacy about a technology that it just created. That right of privacy didn't exist before Apple created the technology, number one.    Number two, I can't answer how likely it is that if the Federal Government is given a source code to get through the front door of the phone, that is at risk of going viral. I think it may be overstated to suggest that.    But I can tell you this: If there's an incremental risk that providing the source code creates a vulnerability, what is that risk? Don't tell us just millions of phones might be affected; tell us--I think they can do better than just giving us broad generalizations without specifics.    But I can tell you this: The consequence, the other side of the weight, the consequence is in cases all over the country right now, in my jurisdiction, your jurisdiction, everywhere, families like the Mills family are not getting justice.    And the direct consequence of this disk encryption is that innocent victims all over the country are not getting their cases solved, prosecutors are not doing the job that they have been elected and sworn to do, and there is a significant consequence to default disk encryption that I think needs to be balanced against a speculative claim of increased insecurity.    Mr. Vance. May I, Congressman, with the Chairman's permission?    Mr. Vance. The professor has not answered what about the people, the residents, the citizens, the victims whose cases are being put on the side, and not addressed why we have an academic discussion, an important one----    Mr. Vance. If you give me the facts, I'm sure I have read it.    Mr. Vance. Congressman, I do sincerely believe that. What concerns me about the picture we are seeing from the    State perspective is that Apple has decided that it's going to strike that balance now with no access by law enforcement for full disk-encrypted devices even with a warrant. So they have created their own balance. They now have decided what the rules are, and that changes radically the balance that existed previously, and it was done unilaterally. So this Committee----    Mr. Vance. Yeah.    Mr. Vance. No, it's not right. All phone calls from prison, out of Rikers----    Mr. Vance . Are recorded.    Mr. Vance. There's a sign, when you pick up the phone, if you are in Rikers Island, that this is happening. So there's a tape, and ultimately that tape was subpoenaed, and it's from that tape that that conversation was transcribed.    Mr. Vance. And in that case, our challenge is, because of our inability to access the phone, our inability to investigate further, any evidence of sex trafficking is not made available to us.    So, yes, he did something that was not smart, but the greater harm is the inability, in my opinion, of being able to get to the true facts, which, in fact, are extremely important as a matter of public safety to get access to.