    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And a big thank you to you for conducting this hearing and, I understand, another hearing coming up next week or thereafter on the military side of this, what might be necessary.    We are doing exactly what we should be doing as Members of Congress. In my view it is absolutely essential for Congress to act. To use the 2001 or the 2002 AUMF as a reason for a new war, actually, a war that was declared over in Iraq is, in my estimation, just dead wrong.    And we have a responsibility. We represent the American people, 535 of us plus one, the President, and we have the obligation to deal with this. Not easy. Easier to duck. But it is our responsibility.    With regard to the 2001 AUMF still being in place and the sunset, the 2001 AUMF proves the reason for a sunset; an unending war can't continue it. We have got to deal with this, and the sunset seems to me to be absolutely appropriate in that.    And 3 years requires that the next Presidential election be about war. And that is a really good thing for the United States to debate and to discuss.    With regard to the issue of, and this is coming to a question, the issue of limitations of the use of boots on the ground, which the President says he wants to limit but then writes in such a way as probably not limiting, is there any debate between our two esteemed lawyers and general about the ability of Congress to use the purse to limit the use of ground troops, for example, no money for infantry brigades, Army brigades, artillery, and et cetera, but perhaps money for special forces and the like? Is there any doubt about the ability of Congress to limit using the purse?    Mr. Garamendi. Any debate about that amongst the----    General Keane. No debate from me. I mean, you have done it before. The Congress stopped a war in Vietnam. It unauthorized, no longer authorized our advisors, no longer authorized the use of air power, and that war ended.    I think it is the most powerful mechanism that you actually have.    Mr. Garamendi. Well, given that, and given the debate which will go on forever about how you define ``boots on the ground'' or limitations on what can actually be done, it just seems to me that we could very simply say, ``You have the power to bomb; you have the money to bomb; you have the money to do special operations or all of the other things, but there is no money for the brigades, infantry, artillery, et cetera.'' And I think that is a good, clear way to limit it.    It also gives this committee and the Congress the opportunity at any moment to change its mind and appropriate the money for those purposes. So we would be constantly and appropriately, therefore, engaged in the ongoing issue of the war and its outcome.    The other issue that is, I think, one that we are going to have to deal with is this issue of limitation. As I said before, I think it is absolutely essential. Three years is perfect, in my view.    I know you disagree, that maybe the next President ought not have to deal with it immediately. I strongly disagree, that the next President must deal with this up front in the campaign, tell the American people whether they want war or not and how they would conduct it.    The other issue is the geography here. We are going to go round and round on geography, and I again, my personal view of this is it must be limited, and probably doing that by clearly stating who we are at war with.    And a final point, and I guess this won't be a question but rather a comment, and that is, General, you are absolutely correct about the ideological war that we must be engaged in also. It is not just going to be a military war; this is a question about ideology and our necessity of dealing with that reality.    Thank you, gentlemen, for the clarity on the power of the purse.    The Chairman. Mr. Franks.    Dr. Fleming.