    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Chairman Miller.    As Members of Congress, it is our duty to be good stewards with the tax dollars that we are entrusted with. And this internal process, I believe, was to make sure we uphold that duty.    I would like to again thank Chairman Miller, Ranking Member Brady for allowing us to lead this review process. And I want to send a special thanks to my colleague, Ms. Lofgren, who was my partner in this review process. We would not have gotten to this point without everybody's bipartisan cooperation, and my thanks go to each of you.    As a financial administrator for a Member of Congress for 16 years, this is an issue that is personal to me too. These are issues that I faced when I submitted the paperwork that goes throughout the process that we are reviewing today. Ms. Lofgren and I went through a comprehensive review that engaged Members, staff, Member financial administrators, Member office financial administrators, management of the Office of the CAO, various transparency groups, and also the Ethics Committee.    While our review found no broad patterns of abuse or fraud, we did find areas that we can improve on, many of those mentioned in Chairman Miller's opening statements. Specifically, we need to create more transparency. We need to make sure that we improve the way our expenses are disclosed on the quarterly statements of disbursement, updating the regulations and the guidelines of the Member handbook, and providing further clarity and education, jointly with the Ethics Committee, to Members of what the responsible use of the MRA entails.    The House of Representatives is committed to taking the necessary steps to create that transparent system that ensures taxpayer dollars used to perform official and representational duties are being spent responsibly and within the guidelines of our House rules.    I want to remind this Committee and those who are in attendance that the executive and the judicial branches do not have the same expense transparency requirements imposed on themselves. As we are the people's House, with the constitutional authority to control the purse, we hold ourselves to the highest standards to ensure we are responsible with taxpayer money.    The Committee resolution we will vote on shortly is the result of our comprehensive review and will make the necessary changes to fulfill our commitment to a more transparent, accountable, and responsible House. Again, I would like to thank my colleague Zoe Lofgren for being a great partner throughout this process.    And also, in closing, thank you again, Chairman Miller, Ranking Member Brady, for giving me this opportunity to help improve this great institution.    I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman for his comments. I would now recognize the gentlelady from California, Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren, for her opening statement.    Mr. Davis. Yes, Madam Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Davis.    Mr. Davis. Again, the changes that we have made towards openness, transparency have been phenomenal. And to have only one area of disagreement I think is a testament to how well this Committee worked together in a bipartisan fashion.    Now, I too oppose this amendment. Obviously, we wouldn't have had this disagreement if I didn't. And I appreciate the comments that Mr. Nugent made as a former law enforcement official. I think his comments need to be taken into serious consideration, as the letter from the Sergeant at Arms, Mr. Irving. But let me address a few other issues that I think are pertinent to this debate.    I appreciate the fact that people know where we live. I would argue, because of my security system at home, because of other methods that I can protect myself and my family with, I am much safer at home than I am traveling throughout my district doing my representational duties. So somebody having my home address, I feel a little bit safer there than I do out on the road at different public events.    And our public schedule many times is released. So, Ms. Lofgren, you are right, many individuals can have access to where we are going. Frankly, I had an experience where I had a group of individuals come talk to me about a very important issue to them at a public meeting, and while I was on my way to another publicly disclosed meeting they decided to visit my home and deliver that same message to my then 12-year-old son. These are issues that we face as Members of Congress, and it is bullying tactics likes that that I think are becoming more prevalent in today's day and age.    Now. If security issues don't really concern you as a Member of Congress, if those issues don't concern you, what is great is the processes we have in place right now, you can already by your expense reimbursements, by each voucher request that you submit, you can individualize every single trip. You can put the detail on there, you can individualize it, make an individual expense reimbursement for every single mileage trip that you want to put in there.    So those Members who want to do that can do it. And I will give you an example. When the travel subsistence category came into effect a few years ago, while I was a financial administrator for a Member, I chose not to use that category. So the statement of disbursements for the Member that I worked for still was broken down into the categories that we are going to get to by the time the next legislative year starts. That will add, along with the transparency, sortable, transparent documents that are going to be posted online, will give more transparency to what we do in our Member offices.    So the security issue is real. If somebody isn't concerned about that, you can disclose whatever you want on each individual document submission now. I would urge those Members who feel that that is important to do so. And in the end, I will vote no on this amendment, but, again, it isn't through a lack of appreciation for what we were able to accomplish overall.    And thanks again. I yield back.    The Chairman. Any other members wish to be recognized to speak on the amendment?    Mrs. Comstock.    Mr. Davis. No.    The Clerk. Mr. Davis votes no.    Mrs. Comstock?    Mr. Davis. Will the gentlelady yield very quickly?    The Chairman. Absolutely I will yield.    Mr. Davis. In the midst of all of this, trying to make sure we got these changes through, I forgot to thank, and I think most of us forgot to thank the hard work that our staffs on both sides of the aisle did in helping to make this a reality today. So I would like to submit a congratulations to each of them for all the hard work that they put in. And my apologies for unfortunately waiting until the end of the hearing.