    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate your indulgence and allowing us to expend a little bit of CO<INF>2</INF>.    I appreciate the panel being here, and the line of questioning on both sides has been very interesting. You know, I am a farmer by trade and always felt that we considered ourselves, the agriculture industry, being the original conservationists and we understand fully the need to wisely utilize the resources that are available to us and protect them into the future.    But certainly to do that the best, most efficient way, you have to have information, and good information, and so that is why the subject of today's hearing is so interesting.    Just a couple of questions in the short time I have. First of all, for Mr. Segal, in your testimony you have given several examples of how the SCC can be used to skew cost-benefit analyses of Federal regulations even though the courts have ruled that a Federal agency must provide a complete analytical defense of its model and respond to each objection with a reasoned presentation.    You also state that one cannot consider the development and use of SCC as anything other than a substantive rule.    So then does the social cost of carbon on its own constitute a rule under the Administrative Procedure Act?    And if so, could not all Federal regulations utilizing SCC be open to judicial review and then, in turn, be overturned by courts?    Mr. Newhouse. Well, the issue of time is certainly one of the more serious challenges that we face in important infrastructure projects.    Mr. Newhouse. We are seeing that in my own state of Washington as we try to develop an energy future for the modern times.    So in pursuing permits and licenses and approval from the Federal Government, delays in the NEPA process I think are impeding both renewable and energy projects such as oil and natural gas, coal, as well as pipelines, rail expansions, terminals for exporting and importing, highways, bridges, even if it is over Independence Avenue.    So could you or any of the others discuss how incorporating the SCC does and will impact the current and future domestic energy development?    We just have a very short time.    Mr. Newhouse. Anybody else?    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time is up.    The Chairman. Mr. Hice.