    Mr. Weir. Sure, that works for me.    Mr. Weir. Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to this hearing.    Unlike the other people you've heard today, I am not a space expert. I'm just an enthusiast, and I know that. But I do spend a lot of time thinking about the future of manned spaceflight and the challenges that come with it. And, to me, one issue stands out as the largest problem facing long-term space habitation. The human body is simply not suited to living for long periods in zero-g. Until this issue is solved, we have no hope of landing humans on the surface of Mars, nor can we create permanent residences in space.    Astronauts who spend months in zero-g suffer bone loss and muscle degradation. Once they return to earth, they have to be carried out of their capsule by ground crew. It takes days, sometimes weeks for them to readapt to gravity because their muscles are simply too weak to stand. Imagine, then, a crew of astronauts setting foot on the surface of Mars after eight months in space to get there. They would be unable to move, let alone execute their mission. This is not an option.    And that's not even the worst part. Weightlessness also causes degradation of the eyes, and, unlike the bone and muscle loss which the body will repair once it returns to gravity, the eye damage is permanent and irreversible.    Astronauts aboard the International Space Station have to spend two hours per day exercising just to stay remotely healthy. This means that we dedicate one eighth of all waking person-hours in space to counteracting the effects of zero-g habitation. That time could be better spent on experiments, station upkeep, or simply rest for the crew.    Instead of concentrating on ameliorating the effects of zero-g, we should concentrate on inventing artificial gravity. This is not some magical technology straight out of science fiction. We already know how to do it. You just need to spin the space station to provide centripetal force. This conjures up images of huge wheel-in-space constructions that we simply can't afford to build but centripetal gravity can be accomplished much more cheaply and easily than the flashy futuristic visions you've see in films.    For our next space station, we should have the crew compartment connected to a counterweight by a long cable and set the entire system spinning. This creates the centrifuge, which will generate constant outward force for the crew. Inside the crew compartment, it would be virtually identical to the gravity we experience on Earth. All physiological problems of zero-g would be solved.    Some would argue that one of the main purposes of a space station is to do experiments in zero-g. This is easily accommodated. We could have a node in the center. This would provide an area of zero-g for whatever experiments require it. The astronauts would work in there as needed, but spend most of their time in the crew node where their bodies get the gravity they need to remain healthy.    While the concept is simple, the engineering is very complex. If you were standing in that crew compartment, the downward force on your head would be less than the downward force on your feet because your head is closer to the center of the centrifuge than your feet are. NASA conducted experiments on the ground with centrifuges in the 1960s. They found that humans get significant vertigo and dizziness from this effect if the rotation rate is faster than two revolutions per minute. I'll spare you the math, but this means the cable connecting the two nodes would have to be 450 meters long, which is over a quarter mile.    I have no delusions that such a station would be easy to accomplish. Not only would it be the most massive space station ever built, but it would also have to stand up to the forces that its own artificial gravity creates. Plus, a rotating station would need very advanced control systems to keep its solar panels and thermal radiators properly aligned. It would be a huge engineering challenge to design and implement this station but huge engineering challenges are what NASA is all about. I have no doubt they could rise to the occasion.    Once this station were built, its rotation rate could be adjusted to provide whatever gravity we wanted. We could test the long-term health effects of lunar gravity or Martian gravity, or we could leave it at Earth gravity to ensure crew health. And when the time comes for a human mission to Mars, the artificial gravity technology proven by this station will be employed in the vehicle that transports the astronauts there, ensuring that they are fully healthy and capable when they first set foot on the red planet.    Thank you, and I'd be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Weir. Yeah, I'll just speak to that a little bit. First off, NASA recently upped its acceptable radiation lifetime limit for astronauts in the event that these astronauts were going to the Moon. So first off, a lot of this, believe it or not, is solved by a simple policy decision. A very, very diligent fan sent me a paper that he wrote and later got published about the radiation dosage received by all of the members of the Aries program including Mr. Watney on the surface of Mars, and actually found that the worst of them would have had an additional four percent mortality likelihood, and that would've been actually the sys op, Beth Johanssen, played by Kate Mara in the movie. She would've had the highest mortality odds added to her because while Mark was on Mars and Mars was guarding him from half of the galactic radiation that might be getting at him, the rest of the crew were in space that entire time, and Johanssen is the youngest and she's female, both of which are things that increase your mortality likelihood from radiation.    But just to be clear, we're not talking about people dying of horrendous radiation sickness. We're talking about a slight increase in mortality, and astronauts are willing to take risks, so on the surface of it, I don't think that much needs to be done at all, and then finally, the best way to deal with radiation amelioration is mass, just putting water between the astronauts and the sources of radiation and getting more mass to LEO. If you want to do that, put more money into private space travel. They'll drive the price down.    Mr. Weir. It's funny you should mention the potential insolvency because in the 1930s, the United States was not in a great state solvency-wide either, and during that time the government invested very heavily in building up the commercial airline space, which cost a lot of money. It required the government to basically take a bunch of land from various cities under eminent-domain laws that was worth a lot. It spent enormous amounts of money in the form of tax breaks and policy decisions in order to build the burgeoning airline industry. Since then, it has definitely paid itself off far more than we ever spent on it in the form of tax revenue from that industry.    So I would say that my answer to your question is that putting money into a mission to Mars or anything related to space as long as a lot of that money ends up going toward commercial development will help bring the commercial space industry into a profitable situation.    Once the price to low-Earth orbit gets down to the point where a middle-class American can afford to go into space, there will be a boom. There will be an economic boom in the space industry and the United States government will receive the benefits of that boom in the form of taxes and revenues.    Mr. Weir. Well, I admit I based him pretty much on myself although he's better at all the things I'm good at than I am, and he doesn't have any of my flaws. So he's what I wish I were.    Mr. Weir. No plans for a sequel. Sorry. I'm working on an unrelated novel now.    Mr. Weir. Well----    Mr. Weir. Right. Well, the cable itself--if your space station were approximately the same size as the International Space Station, the forces would require the cable itself to be--I forget the exact diameter but I worked out the mass. The cable itself would weigh about 10,000 kilograms. Compare that to the 385,000 kilograms that the International Space Station weighs. We're talking about one part in 40 of the total mass of the station would be the cabling. But other than that, that's it. That's the additional mass. And the counterweight would not just be some wasted weight. That would be the other half of the station. There might be another crew node or it might be other station keeping. You would not have dead weight.    Mr. Weir. Unfortunately, no. The only technology we have available to us for artificial gravity is centrifugal force.    Mr. Weir. Yes.    Mr. Weir. Well, we already are protecting the world from asteroids.    Mr. Weir. It's called Planetary Defense.    Mr. Weir. And the main way it's done is that we track all asteroids that are large enough to be any significant threat to Earth, and that's already being done, and so we know----    Mr. Weir. Well, we do know that for at least the next 50 years, we have no dangerous asteroids heading our way. But yes, if we detected something that was a significant threat, I'm pretty sure this body and your colleagues on the other side of the building would be willing to, you know, put together some funding or something to shoot it down. So I feel confident that that could be taken care of.    As for space debris, people often underestimate how big Earth orbit is. To give you an idea of how big it is, it's bigger than the whole world. It's the entire surface of Earth but bigger. So when people say hey, let's clean up the space debris, that's like saying hey, can we get rid of all the gum wrappers in the Pacific Ocean. There are few, they are far between. They are hard to find, and it's just not viable for us to track them all down.    What we should be doing is putting in place policies that prevent people from leaving stuff up in space for very long, put it into orbit so that it will eventually decay, and if parts break off, that they will eventually decay and come into the safety of Earth's atmosphere, and of course, protecting Earth from anything that we've launched is a non-issue because we haven't launched anything that's big enough to survive reentry and hit the ground.    Mr. Weir. Well, I would recommend you keep doing cool stuff. I mean, basically----    Mr. Weir. Yeah. Well, basically people, especially kids, are motivated by results, by what they see. So ideologies or concepts or things we might do at some point in the future, those are less interesting to kids choosing potential careers than the things that are actually being done. So if you want to see more kids in STEM, do more cool stuff in space.    Mr. Weir. No. My main job on the film was to cash the check.