    Mr. Duelfer. Thank you, Chairman Royce and Congressman Engel, members of the committee.    I last appeared before this group a decade ago when I was presenting the results of an outfit which was named the Iraq Survey Group headed by the CIA in which there were many members from the military and every part of the U.S.----    Mr. Duelfer . Many members of the intelligence community. I thank the committee for remembering that work and for learning from the past because the experiences and the knowledge that we gained came at a great price.    We lost people in that exercise. I want to note their names. We lost Sergeant Lawrence Roukey of Maine, Sergeant Sherwood Baker of Pennsylvania, Sergeant Don Clary of Kansas and Sergeant First Class Clint Wisdom, also of Kansas.    So the knowledge that we gained was expensive and I am very glad that this committee is taking that into account in considering the issues that we face today.    As the chairman mentioned, I spent a lot of time at the U.N. as the deputy chairman of the Iraqi inspection team and I am going to draw some points based on that experience, just a few.    First of all, as some people have noted in their opening remarks, we had greater authority in those days than anything which has been contemplated for Iran.    We could go anyplace anytime. We could take things into Iraq. We could take things out of Iraq. We operated helicopters. We had U-2 missions. We had sensors. We could interview anyone. We could seize documents.    We could do all of that, and yet we struggled after 6 or 7 years and we couldn't accomplish the task that was given us. As it turned out, Saddam Hussein had given, at the end of the day, more than we expected. But the fact was we could not confirm that. So even with all that access we could not do the job.    Second point--in the current set of circumstances it is envisioned that the sanctions will remain off of Iran unless there is some indication otherwise as reported by the inspectors. That is upside down with respect to what we had in Iraq. In Iraq, the sanctions stayed on until and unless the weapons inspectors reported that Iraq was compliant.    I would suggest that that dynamic makes it much tougher for the head of the inspection team to report to the Security Council and to the world. It is a much tougher thing to do to say something which will cause sanctions to come back in.    Third point--it is a very tough position to be as a weapons inspector at the intersection of political science and physical science. There is a lot of pressures which are going to be put on the director general of the IAEA in the circumstances as painted out by the current agreement.    He is going to have the Iranians on one side arguing a case. He is going to have the Security Council on another side and he is going to have individual countries, all making cases to him.    Fourth point--evidence is always ambiguous. You are never going to find something that just is unavoidable. Weapons inspectors find things which are indicators that suggest certain things.    So how the weapons inspectors report that is always flexible. The number of meetings we had in the 1990s with Council members, with the Council itself, arguing over how we would characterize the evidence that we found was a very, very difficult process.    In that light, I would note from the experience we had in Iraq where we interviewed Saddam, we talked to his top people, we learned just how aggressive some other countries were in making sure that favorable treatment was given to Iraq in the Security Council and elsewhere.    So while there may be unanimity in the Security Council and among the international community at one point in time, there is a natural tendency for that--those interests to diverge over time, particularly once business is going on, when people have a financial stake in the continuation of the lifting of sanctions.    Finally, I would just say in Saddam's case he took a long view. He took a very long view. Yes, he wanted to get out of sanctions in the short term.    But it is worth recalling--and we learned this from him directly--that he had every intention of reconstituting his weapons programs when circumstances permitted.    So, you know, we, in this town, tend to have a short view--election cycles, business cycles, news cycles. We tend to discount the future very heavily. I suggest that other countries don't have that viewpoint.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Duelfer. That gets to a point I was trying to make in my introduction which is that there will be no consensus on that among the international community.    The pressure will be put on the director of the IAEA to make a judgment. At the end of the day, there is no--there is no cookbook answer to it.    He will have to make some judgment about whether, you know, compliance exists or doesn't exist and he is going to be under enormous pressure in that case. It is also the case that it will be very important, however the final agreement is structured, that noncooperation be equated with noncompliance.    In other words, if the Iranians don't answer the questions, such as related to Parchin or otherwise, then the secretary general or the director general of the IAEA can report to the Security Council that they are in violation. That is the only way you can really empower him in that--in that dilemma he faces.    Mr. Duelfer. Well, therein lies, I think, the dilemma that--not just in Washington but the P5+1 faces--how do you compel compliance? And in the case of Iraq I have a lot of history and I spent a lot of time there and I should add that I think the Iranians killed a lot more Americans than ISIS has ever killed so that, perhaps, colors my views on this, you are exactly right because the director general of the IAEA has a limited ability.    He can only report within the parameters of what he knows and makes judgements about that. He cannot cause Iran to comply. Only the Security Council and other members can cause Iran to comply.    Once the sanctions are off, signing bonus or no signing bonus, the momentum is people want to get on with business. Russians, you know, demonstrated this in great detail with respect to Iraq where they----    Mr. Duelfer . Explained the last.    Mr. Duelfer. Sir, what you describe is correct at the front end. The initial relief of sanctions they talk about is contingent upon the IAEA being able to verify some set of standards.    But the continuing verification that Iran continues to abide by its obligations in that period of time it is when the leverage is flipped.    Mr. Duelfer. I am just observing that the IAEA is going to be in a very weak position and we shouldn't kid ourselves about that.    Mr. Duelfer. Three quick points. One is in the case of Iraq sanctions contained Saddam. They were a tool of containment. In this case, as you point out, we are releasing resources to Iran.    Second point is I don't know where this all fits in the overall strategy with respect to Iran. I mean, as many people have asked questions along that line I have not heard that. I mean, yes, we can argue about access and weapons, breakout potential and so forth. But where does all fit in the long haul?    Finally, I think, and related to this, you really need to hear from Jim Clapper. You need the intelligence community. I have been in, you know, the U.N. side. I have been in the intelligence side.    But, you know, weapons inspectors can--you can learn a lot from that but there is other sources and methods as well and, you know, he is the one who is going to be able to answer the question, you know, what level of confidence are we going to have that we can see Iran breaking out.    Mr. Duelfer. Well, I don't how long you continue in them if you don't--if you are not getting what you want. But no, to talk to your enemies makes perfect sense.    Mr. Duelfer. Well, I just--I haven't heard what the overall Iran strategy is and I think that is--you know, if somebody could articulate that well I think that would benefit everyone including the nuclear negotiations.    Mr. Duelfer. I think the end deal drives everything.    Mr. Duelfer. The end deal will drive everything.    Mr. Duelfer. In other words, the option would have been walking away and assuming that sanctions would stay on?    Mr. Duelfer. It is a tough call.    Mr. Duelfer. Yes.    Mr. Duelfer. If they want one they can have one.    Mr. Duelfer. The way we thought about this when we were designing and monitoring a system for Iraq was sort of in the notion of a simple equation. You have designed some array of sensors, visits, overhead surveillance--an array of things which gives you some kind of a probability of detection.    But you can't look at that independently of other elements, I mean, because if the goal is to deter Iran from going down the nuclear weapons path then the weapons inspectors only control one part of that equation.    The other part of the equation is the consequences and in the case of Iraq and in the case of what we are talking here presumably that is largely going to be the Security Council.    So there has to be, in Iran's assessment of the circumstances, they are going to make a judgment well, am I going to get caught--what is the probability of me getting caught and what happens to me if I do get caught.    It is that part of the equation which is also important and to look at one separate from the other, you know----    Mr. Duelfer. What the administration has designed is the system aimed at what they call the nuclear supply chain, which, to me, is defining the problem kind of narrowly.    When we were designing inspection systems we had--we needed a baseline. We wanted to know in detail what was the infrastructure that existed before we started so we could calculate where the deviations were.    This is why when people talk about the possible military dimensions that is a critical point. You know, if John Kerry can't get up and stand and say exactly where the Iranians were on weaponization then, you know, we don't know if we are going forwards or backwards. You need that kind of a baseline for designing an inspection system.    Mr. Duelfer. Well, you know, I am a little bit reluctant to say because, you know, a negotiated agreement that gives you a false sense of confidence could be worse than all the horror that goes with a military strike.