    Ms. Morley. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today. Since 2007, I have worked on several projects with the assistant secretary for planning and evaluation and CMS looking at both the composition of PAC episodes and the potential to predict episode spending using patient assessment data. On the basis of my experience conducting research in this area, I will highlight several relevant findings and note data and analysis required to move this payment approach forward.    The proportions of Medicare beneficiaries discharged to PAC, episode utilization and spending differs significantly across the United States because of varying practice patterns and availability of PAC providers. Differences in provider supply, particularly with regard to long-term care hospitals, LTACHs, and inpatient rehabilitation facilities are key drivers of differences in overall episode spending.    Establishing an episode-based payment requires an understanding of service use and spending on average; however, this is challenging when considering high cost but low-frequency services such as LTCH. For example, although only 2 percent of beneficiaries discharged to PAC use LTCH services, the mean cost for those using LTCH is over $35,000. When this spending is averaged over all PAC users, the mean cost is less than $700. This demonstrates a challenge in establishing a payment rate that is sufficient to accommodate the range of PAC services.    To build a payment system for PAC episodes that is risk adjusted based on patient characteristics, standardized patient assessment data are critical. However, standardized assessment data are not currently collected across PAC settings. As part of exploratory work with ASPE, we have examined the potential to develop risk adjustment models using items from the CARE data collected as part of the post-acute care payment reform demonstration.    These efforts have demonstrated the potential to use CARE items as risk adjustors to predict episode spending. Results of this work also highlight important differences in the predictive power of the models, depending on the first site of PAC. This foundational work is valuable in demonstrating the potential to use CARE items in an episode-based payment system, but additional data are needed to test the models on larger samples and to examine any differences in significant risk adjustors across diagnosis groups.    With the passage of the IMPACT Act, more data may become available over the next several years, although it is not clear at this time which items will be collected across PAC settings and whether the data that will be collected will be sufficient for the purposes of building an episode-based payment system.    Addressing the complexities of an episode-based payment system will require additional analyses as well as consideration of the results of the evaluation of the CMS Bundled Payments for Care Improvement initiative. The BPCI initiative is currently testing whether a bundled payment can reduce cost while maintaining or improving quality of care for Medicare beneficiaries.    The first evaluation report is an early assessment based on one quarter of data; however, results of analyses looking at cost shifting to the post-bundle period, beneficiary outcomes, using assessment data, and beneficiary experience using surveys are expected in future reports. Evaluation results comparing PAC service-only episodes with more integrated episodes that include both the acute hospitalization and PAC services will also provide valuable information on provider incentives across episode definitions.    The foundation of an episode-based payment system is the diagnosis groups on which payments are made. Significant analyses and input from clinicians will be needed to develop the categories of diagnoses and to define unrelated readmissions. Analyses to develop payment adjustments for geography will be important to address differences in provider supply and in cost of care across geographic areas. Consideration of provider networks and resources to support beneficiary choice will also be important.    Another consideration is related to the establishment of payments for services that continue past the end of an episode period. End-of-episode patient assessment data could not only support any post-episode service payment but also could be valuable information for ensuring quality of care. Episode-based payments offer the opportunity to coordinate across settings to provide care more efficiently and with greater beneficiary focus. The results of the ongoing analyses in the BPCI evaluation as well as availability of national standardized patient assessment data will be very important to moving this payment design forward.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today.    Ms. Morley. I think it is both. Provider distribution is most clear, particularly using the example of the LTCHs or areas of the country without any access to LTCH providers, and that care is primarily delivered in acute care hospitals and skilled nursing facilities. However, there are also geographic differences in just patterns of care, so it is both factors that are contributing to the variation.    Ms. Morley. So the work that we have been doing with ASPE over the last several years has been work based on the post-acute care payment reform demonstration data where care data were collected on about 200 providers across the country between 2008 and 2010. That data has been very useful for developing the framework for a risk adjustor, but we have been unable to look at subpopulations of patient diagnoses and to get a broader national understanding of how these models might differ for patients across the country.    Ms. Morley. Yes. I think one of the most important considerations here is the risk for stinting and cost shifting. This is always a concern when setting a prospective payment. So to the extent possible, we want to protect against stinting and cost shifting with strong quality measures. In combination with a payment incentive under a bundled payment, quality measures can incentivize providers to deliver the most appropriate care and to achieve high quality beneficiary outcomes.    Ms. Morley. I think, again, back to the stinting and cost shifting. Without strong quality measures, there is an incentive to deliver fewer services in order to maximize the savings over the bundle for the entity holding the bundle, but I do think that with the quality measures in place, there can be--these incentives can be changed to protect beneficiaries.    Ms. Morley. To my knowledge, it seems that the PAC coordinators would not be responsible for services after the 90-day period, but it is possible that there would be an incentive to delay services to that post 90-day window unless those quality measures were in place to incent providers otherwise. We know from earlier research that the majority of service used is generally complete by a 90-day period, but there is some service use that does continue after 90 days for--especially for medically complex patients, so if episodes end and services continue, information may be needed to set payments for those remaining services.    Ms. Morley. I think that the strong quality measures need to be put in place to reduce stay incentive for cost shifting, stinting and potentially adverse beneficiary outcomes. Some potential quality measures that could be considered would be related to functional outcomes, cognitive status outcomes, or other items related to stint integrity as examples.    Ms. Morley. I do, but I think, as I state in my testimony, I think it is going to take a lot of research and understanding of patterns of care, so that there is an understanding that these services are not uniformly available across the country. There will need to be specific geographic market adjustments so that beneficiaries will have access to use the services that they need, but I think it is possible to, you know, to find a way to include all settings.    Ms. Morley. I think another option that has been discussed and discussed this morning, as you know, move to site neutral payments. That is a way to move beneficiaries to move providers to a space where they are thinking about what care is needed for this beneficiary, regardless of setting, and I think setting neutral payments is separate from bundling but is another approach.    Ms. Morley. I can comment really to the IMPACT Act data. It is my understanding that there will be a phase in related to the data collection and that some of the first sets of data for SNF, IRF, and LTCH will be available in 2018 and home health in 2019. I think that one year of data would be ideal in order to be able to analyze and support the development of a payment system.