    Ms. Kuster. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This afternoon the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations will be looking into VA practices regarding land-use agreements and a report from the Government Accountability Office from August of last year.    This is my first hearing as ranking member of this subcommittee, one of the most important subcommittees in Congress. And I look forward to working with Chairman Coffman and with all of my colleagues.    Our efforts to identify where problems exist at the VA could not be more important or more timely. But we must also remember that our responsibility is not only to identify problems, but to work to find solutions. This means all of us, the VA, outside agencies, such as the GAO, veterans, including our friends at the VSOs, must work together to ensure the highest quality of care is being delivered to our veterans.    Today's hearing is about an issue we face time and again: How can we ensure that the information and data collected by the VA is, in the words of the GAO, accurate, valid, and complete? How can we ensure that there are processes in place that provide the necessary level of accountability, while ensuring that the job of the VA, namely to care for our veterans, gets done? This can, perhaps, be best summed up in the title of the GAO's testimony, Improved Data Reliability and Monitoring Needed for the Department of Veterans Affairs. The question we must ask in terms of monitoring and accountability is how much management control should be exercised centrally or delegated locally?    We will not arrive at the answers to these questions today, but I am hopeful that the beginning of this discussion will lead us to solutions that we can all agree on. Solutions that ensure the proper level of accountability and management control, while remaining flexible enough not to hinder the VA's ability to accomplish its mission. This will take real leadership on behalf of the VA and all of us here in this room today.    The VA's transition from inpatient services to increased outpatient services has meant that VA's real estate portfolio contains many aging facilities, and far too much underutilized space. This was first pointed out many years ago. In fact, a June 2012 GAO report found that the VA had made progress in this area, though reducing the number of underutilized facilities in part through land-use agreements.    The VA is not alone in facing real challenges in property management. The GAO has included property management on its high-risk list since 2003. The GAO looked at three VA sites: North Chicago, New York City, and West Los Angeles, and found that its review raised questions regarding reliability of data in VA's capital asset inventory system, as well as lack of oversight and communication regarding billing, collecting, and contracting. Far too often at the three sites looked at by GAO, VA improperly paid for services it did not receive, and failed to collect what it was owed. That is why it is crucial to have this discussion this afternoon to learn about the GAO's findings and the steps that the VA has taken to address these problems. I look forward to hearing about future efforts to strengthen the management, oversight, and use of land-use agreements.    Going back to the 2012 GAO report, how much confidence should we have that using land-use agreements is an effective tool in managed underutilized space, and so we can increase the amount of benefits and services being provided to our veterans? If the VA is to provide the highest level of benefits and services to veterans in the most efficient manner, land-use agreements may, indeed, be an important tool in VA's tool chest, but only if the data is reliable and there is real oversight within VA to make sure that VA is properly benefiting from these agreements.    Finally, I look forward to discussing the recent agreement regarding West Los Angeles. As the American Legion points out in testimony today, for far too long the needs of veterans were not always the highest priority when it came to agreements between the VA and non-VA entities. This practice runs counter to the terms of the original deed, as pointed out by our chair. The agreement regarding the parties in Valentini v. McDonald is a way forward, but there are milestones that need to be met, and we will need to make sure that this committee is a full partner in the progress made in meeting those steps.    Thank you Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair. I want to get at the heart of the matter. And I appreciate Mr. Lilley when you said what we are looking at is to try to get the greatest benefit for the care of veterans.    We have got an issue here where the Federal Government, through the VA, has been bequeathed this property. And you, in particular, had said that you didn't want that property to be sold. So presumably if all 300 acres can't be used for the specific benefit, there is a value to the taxpayers and to the veterans through these lease agreements.    I am going to direct my question to Mr. Lord because I think you have spent some time with the agreement. Can we get at the heart of the question of what is happening? If an audit goes forward, we get on top of these agreements, presumably there are rent payments, proceeds that are being paid into the VA. Can that money then be directed toward the specific benefit of the veterans, and in this case the homeless veterans in West Los Angeles?    Ms. Kuster. I understand it was hard to get on top of all these agreements. I commend the work that you have done and urge the VA in going forward with your audit, changing your administrative processes, getting on top of your billing and collection.    Mr. Lord or Ms. Murphy, do you have a sense of the scope of these resources that we are talking about, either on an annual or a monthly basis, if all the rents were collected and were directed to the benefit of veterans in West Los Angeles?    Ms. Kuster. Sure. It is fair to say then that this settlement agreement, with the promise of an audit going forward, is a positive step, right? We are getting to the heart of the matter here.    Ms. Kuster. Ms. Murphy or Dr. McDougall, I realize every T has not been crossed ever and I dotted, but can you give us some insight into the action plan and what the steps are? Can you foresee, Dr. McDougall, where we are headed with this and how we can start to address the crux of the matter here that Mr. Lilley has pointed out. We have a homeless veterans problem, we have assets that aren't being capitalized, and can we move forward on that?    Ms. Kuster. For the record, I would like to make a request that the members of this committee receive a copy of that audit in April 2015 when that becomes available. And if I could, I would like to ask the chair if we could have a follow-up hearing next fall, at least September, October, in the timeframe when this Master Plan can be presented, and so that we can be assured that the assets--as your capital assets manager, I think that was a good step, apparently it was not in good hands, I think we will have to leave to the DOJ and the IG the steps that need to be taken there. But certainly going forward, we would like to stay in close contact with you about this and then work with Mr. Lilley and others in the community to make sure that the revenues that are generated in an appropriate way be directed toward this plan to end homelessness in West Los Angeles.    I just have a few seconds left, Mr. Lilley, but is there anything else that we could do to assure you that we will be on top of this going forward?    Ms. Kuster. We are here to help you keep their feet to the fire, so thank you very much, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair. I want to move on, and by the way, Mr. Lilley, you and your organization should be commended for your efforts over 30 years. It is a bipartisan effort here in terms of stewardship of taxpayer dollars, but also our joint commitment to serving the needs of our veterans.    Just moving past West L.A. and Chicago and New York, I am wondering, and this is for you, Ms. Murphy, but also Mr. Lord, if you have any thoughts on this, two questions: One is, have you identified software, and I understand you are both new to the position, that is available for this type of land-use management, because obviously just as an attorney the contracts are not going to look the same, the purposes, the term, the duration, all of that will be different. But have you identified software at least to keep track of these agreements?    And secondly, have you undertaken or does the VA intend to undertake a systemwide reassessment of these land-use agreements at VA facilities that were not a part of this GAO study? In other words, I think what we learned from Phoenix in this committee is that it was outrageous, it was atrocious, it may be criminal behavior. And we may have a similar situation here, but we also know that there are other VISNs that had the problems we identified in Phoenix, and I think we would be remiss if we didn't suggest to you that we want to make sure on a systemwide basis that you are taking steps going forward.    By the way, I met with Secretary McDonald, I don't doubt he actually was quite current on this and very aware of not only settling the lawsuit, but making sure that we stay on top of it. And I think our committee can be helpful keeping your feet to the fire. But could you comment, if you would, on the systemwide assessment and audit?    Ms. Kuster. So, I think that would be very helpful. And one additional piece that would be very helpful for our committee is when you complete this report and this audit, for us to understand the scope, the magnitude of the resources that could be collected, that could inure to the benefit of the veterans--and this may be other people that would be involved in this, but it would be helpful for us to hear the accounting mechanism, so that we can be assured that those resources will be directly reinvested to the benefit of the veterans.    And specifically in West L.A. But I would certainly be curious on a more macro scale to make sure that wherever these agreements exist--you know, you cited this figure, 87 percent of VA facilities are owned facilities. So I can't imagine this is a unique situation.    And, look, we are accountable to the taxpayers and to the veterans. We need to make sure that, to the extent those resources are being used appropriately, that the revenues are being redirected to the benefit of the taxpayers.    So I yield back.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Kuster. No further questions. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.