    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you very much, Mr. Montoya and Ms. Perez, for being here today. We really appreciate you being here and being forthright with us.    Mr. Montoya, Deborah Hernandez and Sandra Henriquez--am I correct in assuming they were senior personnel at HUD or are senior personnel at HUD?    Mr. Poliquin. Right. Is that a senior position at HUD, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. And how did they both meet Debra Gross?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. And Debra Gross was a lobbyist advocating for the funding of taxpayer dollars for affordable housing. And so, that might have been how they got to know Ms. Hernandez and Ms. Henriquez, who had senior positions at HUD. Is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. They did, or they do not?    Mr. Poliquin. And am I correct in assuming that Ms. Gross was paid more than the normal Federal employee at that grade level?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. And she was hired by Ms. Hernandez and Ms. Henriquez. Is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Am I correct in assuming that Ms. Gross, when she was at HUD but still a lobbyist for funds dispersed by HUD for programs she was lobbying for, also hired two other employees who were former lobbyists to come and work with her at HUD?    Mr. Poliquin. Yes.    Mr. Poliquin. Do you find that odd?    Mr. Poliquin. Sure. And part of that work, I believe, Mr. Montoya, was Ms. Gross--who is a former lobbyist now--working at the organization that she used to lobby for.    Mr. Poliquin. Okay? She was attempting to weaken the income verification system such that taxpayers who were funding affordable housing would have less of an opportunity to verify that those taxpayer funds were going to the right people in the right amount. She attempted to weaken that system. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay, and in 2000--    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. In 2013, I believe, there were $1.2 billion of improper payments--    Mr. Poliquin. --made by HUD, who shouldn't receive those payments, or they received too much. Is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. And Ms. Gross--who is the former lobbyist, now working at HUD--was attempting to weaken that system with two other people that she hired from the outside. Is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. Do you think it is normal practice here in Washington, sir--I am a freshman Congressman--for these large agencies that are responsible for disbursing taxpayer dollars for good causes to hire people who used to lobby them? Isn't that sort of like hiring the fox to guard the chicken coop?    Mr. Poliquin. Yes, but these are senior officials at HUD. Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Am I correct in assuming that former Deputy Secretary Maurice Jones, Jennifer Jabroski, Francey Youngberg, Jonathan Horowitz, and Elliot Mincberg sent out an email to 1,000 individuals, including 47 of their HUD staffers, lobbying, or asking them to lobby, 17 U.S. Senators to pass legislation favorable to HUD where they worked? Is that correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Yes. Is that against the law?    Mr. Poliquin. And what have they determined?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. So they did not--Justice decided not to determine if this was illegal or not.    Mr. Poliquin. Do you think it was illegal, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Do you think it broke the spirit of what we are trying to do here in government?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Am I also correct that one of these individuals, Elliot Mincberg, tried to impede or did, in fact, impede your investigation regarding the lobbying of 17 Senators to pass legislation favorable to HUD? And he did that by intimidating staffers, and by also trying to influence testimony of other witnesses? Am I correct, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Does the new HUD Secretary, Julian Castro, have any experience in dealing with affordable housing issues?    Mr. Poliquin. Does he have any experience in dealing the affordable housing issues, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. One last question, if I may, Mr. Chairman. I am going to ask you if these individuals are still working at HUD? And if not, what are they doing? Former Deputy Secretary Maurice Jones is no longer at HUD. Is that correct?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Deborah Hernandez, where is she?    Mr. Poliquin. Is she at HUD, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay, she is still at HUD, and still being paid by taxpayer dollars, even though she has been involved in this mess.    Mr. Poliquin. Okay.    Mr. Poliquin. May I have another minute, sir? I am a freshman. I think you would--that is a request that is fair.    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Green, for that consideration. I appreciate it.    Mr. Montoya, are you surprised that hardworking American taxpayers have lost their trust in government? When you have huge agencies like HUD that are responsible for doing good things for the American people, but abuse and misuse taxpayer dollars, hire lobbyists who used to be pulling for funding and now are advocating on the inside for their former organizations, that hire individuals without interviewing them and pay them more than they should, and then when they are caught they try to impede your investigation by intimidating staffers and trying to influence the testimony of others, do you think there is any reason why the American people have lost their faith in government, sir?    Mr. Poliquin. So you think this is all--do you think--    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you very much, sir. I appreciate it.