    Mr. Miller. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Miller. Thank you very much, Members. It is a pleasure to be here with you. I appreciate the opportunity to be able to testify about a critical issue to our national security, and in this case critical to the preventative care for our sailors and our airmen.    The Navy's basic research on human resilience and performance in high altitude and undersea environments is of vital importance. To enable our continued supremacy of our U.S. forces in the 21st century and to prevent serious illness in later years identified to be caused by prolonged work in the related domains of aviation and diving, it is critical that the Navy's research into the effects of extended exposure to extreme pressure environments is fully funded.    In the Navy budget, under the warfighter sustainment program element, the Office of Naval Research's medical technologies program highlights this research as a requirement in support of such mission areas. Unfortunately, funding for this program is insufficient and does not utilize DOD's premier aeromedical and environmental health research facility, which is the Naval Medical Research Unit in Dayton, Ohio.    Recent research has shown that the low air pressure under which high-altitude pilots work and the resulting high concentrations of oxygen that they breathe leads to decompression sickness, including a type known as neurologic decompression sickness. The research cites such symptoms in pilots and divers as temporary and permanent cognitive decline, slowed thought process, and unresponsiveness beyond those due to the natural aging process.    Of grave concern to me is that the effects of these illnesses are not too different from what researchers are now finding in traumatic brain injury victims. Our military needs to fund more basic research into the causes and methods of preventing these illnesses in our pilots, deep sea sailors, and special operators that are exposed to prolonged periods of extreme pressure conditions.    There is a promising side to this issue. In 2005, the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission directed the establishment of the Naval Medical Research Unit in Dayton, Ohio, and its Joint Center of Excellence for Aeromedical Research at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.    Since that time, DOD has spent more than $40 billion to develop a world-class research facility supported by a collection of state-of-the-art equipment found at no other location around the world. This unique assortment of capabilities enables this facility to transition validated knowledge and effective technologies to the warfighter that will mitigate and prevent the effects of high-altitude and undersea environments.    However, since the creation of this incredible facility, the Navy has been unable to fund critical research that would capitalize on DOD's investment and to maximize research into established Navy and Air Force requirements.    I think you will agree that funding the efficient utilization of this facility in support of established Air Force and Navy requirements is good for our sailors, our airmen, our veterans, and of course the taxpayers of this country.    As you begin your work on the fiscal year 2016 defense appropriation bill, I respectfully request that you provide an additional $8.9 million for warfighter sustainment medical technologies program in the Navy budget. All moneys placed on contract will be done so through a robust competition and will increase utilization of research facilities by addressing requirements currently established in the fiscal year 2016 President's budget.    I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, the ranking member, Mr. Visclosky, for having this hearing, and I urge you and the members of the subcommittee to look closely at this issue during your discussion. So I appreciate the chance to visit with you this morning, and I would be willing to answer any questions in the future should they arise.    Mr. Miller. O-H-I-O.    Mr. Miller. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.