    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Ostroff, thank you for being here today.    The number of U.S. rejections of imported shrimp has skyrocketed. In 2015, we saw the highest level in history of refusals due to banned antibiotics. Foreign organizations and producers of shrimp readily acknowledge the use of banned antibiotics and other chemicals in their ponds.    For example, the Vietnamese Association of Seafood Exporters and Producers has issued statements warning as members that continued use of banned antibiotics will result in products being banned from entry into the European Union.    So my question is: in light of these record number of shrimp rejections and the ample evidence of widespread use of banned chemicals in foreign shrimp production, why has the FDA not instituted a product specific alert to ensure that all imported shrimp are free of banned chemicals and antibiotics?    Mr. Palazzo. Well, I personally do not know who would want to buy shrimp abroad, but you know, America has the best shrimp, and the Gulf of Mexico has even the better shrimp. I will just put it out there, and I represent a district on the Gulf of Mexico, in full disclosure.    I would like to discuss your agency's ongoing health review of rice and the possible risk associated with rice consumption. Can you give me a status update on this?    Mr. Palazzo. Does that include domestic rice farmers, I mean, as the stakeholders?    Mr. Palazzo. You are working with them?    Mr. Palazzo. Where are we with that? Is it still a review process going on?    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Dr. Ostroff. If you could, please keep my office informed on it.    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you.    Mr. Palazzo. I yield back.    Mr. Palazzo. I accept that challenge. I would happily participate in a taste test.    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Coming back to shrimp again--I am glad my colleagues on the other side see that this is an important issue--but to follow up on your risk-based approach to inspect shrimp being imported into our country, funding has been provided. It was provided to the FDA in fiscal year 2016. I think you received an additional $5 million to look into foreign high-risk inspections.    And how are you using those funds? Are you using the data that is available, or are you trying to depend on growing the full-time employees at FDA? Because I know you cannot cover all these nations and all these risk areas. But if there is data out there that you can use to target these high-risk businesses that we know are sending polluted shrimp, or trying to send polluted shrimp, to America----    Mr. Palazzo. So it helps. When we have a lack of resources, we cannot really afford hiring all the people to do the job.    Mr. Palazzo. We use contractors, use data.    Mr. Palazzo. OK. If you give me a second.    And going back to rice, would the risk assessment or other guidance establish a regulatory, whether it is enforceable or unenforceable, limit on the amount of arsenic in rice or rice products?    Mr. Palazzo. Do you know what type of level it is going to be, whether it is guidance, regulatory, or action?    Mr. Palazzo. Still being worked on. Since arsenic is an element common in soil, water, and most foods, what authority are you using to regulate this naturally occurring substance? And has the authority changed since the issue was raised early last year? And if so, why?    Mr. Palazzo. Is the FDA planning on limiting any other foods that you are aware of, issuing limits on other foods similar to what you are reviewing with rice right now?    Mr. Palazzo. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I do not know if anybody is craving shrimp quesadillas right now, but I am. Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Taylor and team, thank you for being here today.    Poultry is a significant industry in Mississippi with a large economic impact within my congressional district, and as you know, contract poultry growers have often struggled for long-term solutions to provide some form of safety net in the event of other types of economic losses.    I further understand that the contract grower-integrator relationship is very unique. In the last farm bill Congress asked RMA to conduct studies of ways RMA could provide risk management programs for contract poultry growers.    Can you update the committee on those efforts?    And can you tell me what is being done within the agency to develop more long-term policy solutions to help contract growers establish a viable safety net through the USDA in the event of catastrophic losses or business interruptions?    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you.    Also, Ms. Taylor, you mentioned the FSA is requesting $3.9 million for a new, beginning and veteran farmers' and ranchers' initiative. It looks like this would include a certification program to help veteran farmers prequalify for loans.    Can you tell me a little bit more about this request and how is it different from programs that you may already have in place?    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.