    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their courtesies, and thank the witnesses as well as the witnesses on panel 1. I was delayed because of a markup in the Judiciary Committee, which fell under my subcommittee. But this is an important hearing, and I want to acknowledge panel 1 and thank panel 2 for their testimony.    Let me start by just citing part of the words said by Director Dave Espie in his testimony, that the threat of maritime terrorist smuggling appears to be increasing, possibly in correlation with the flight of Syrian refugees to Europe. And he noted an incident, I think, that occurred in Baltimore. But I believe that it is clearly an important hearing that we are addressing today in an examination of the maritime nuclear smuggling threat and other port security and smuggling risks in the United States.    I think our challenge, as Members of Congress, is to find the how-to's or how does, but also the solutions to protect the American people. I am particularly interested, of course, as a former ranking member of our Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, but as well as a Member of Congress that has as part of her jurisdiction one of the major ports of the United States, and that is the Houston port.    I am a strong supporter of the Securing the Cities program, and as well the monies that you all need, Mr. Espie, in doing your job. So let me start off first by saying we will not solve this problem by ignoring the fact that resources are needed, not throwing money away, but fully funding the potential of what our ports and what the Nation faces.    The Securing the Cities program mandated legislation to assist State, local, tribal, and territorial governments in creating and implementing and perfecting existing structures for coordinated and integrated detection and interdiction of nuclear or other radiological materials that are out of regulatory control, and to support a wide matrix to deal with identifying reporting on nuclear and other radioactive materials, provide resources for detection analysis communication, facilitate the establishment of protocol and processes of effectively responding to threats--responding to threats is key--and designating participating jurisdiction from high-risk areas.    Our city has now received $30 million over a 5-year period, which I am very glad to advocate and secure under the Securing the Cities grant, and just received $3.5 million. And in his absence I want to thank Dr. Brasure, who was in my district, as we announced this very important step by Houston, creating or working with the DHS Domestic Nuclear Detection Office to build a robust regional nuclear detection capability.    So, I am going to pursue a line of questioning in the time that I have remaining, and let me quickly do so--is to Dr. Canavan, if you can remember my questions, please, I would appreciate it. How accurately can the signature of radiological and nuclear material tell the source of that material? That is very important because we are talking about ships and smuggling.    To Ms. Grover, thank you for your work in the GAO. In your testimony you cite GAO's 2013 report which concluded that CBP had not regularly assessed foreign ports for risk to cargo since 2005. It is my understanding that they have since developed a port risk matrix and priority map to help assess whether changes need to be made to contain a security in each of their ports. Is CBP utilizing this matrix and map to assess CSI ports? Are there other changes that should be made to ensure the CSI program is functioning as intended? There lies a source of potential nuclear material.    And finally, to Mr. Espie, you are one of the first responders outside of the beltway. All across America you are dealing with port security, formerly with the FBI. Are resources going to local entities like yourself crucial in making sure that we have the cover, the resources, the detection that needs to be in place for something as particularly indicting, explosive, and, if you will, catastrophic, as a particular or potential nuclear incident by something being smuggled into your port?    I would yield first to Dr. Canavan. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I yield first to you, sir, for the question. Did you hear the question that I asked?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me read your question, sir. How accurately can the signature of radiological and nuclear material tell the source of that material?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Not at all, Doctor, thank you. Just one followup. Can the trash that is hardest to detect provide major damage and danger?    Ms. Jackson Lee. No, I am just asking.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Right.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Yes.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your courtesy. If I can just--thank you, Doctor--if I could just allow both Ms. Grover and Mr. Espie to finish, and I would be happy to yield back.    Ms. Grover, you heard my question?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Yes.    Ms. Jackson Lee. So we need to be monitoring that. And are you going to be assessing them again?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. Mr. Espie, on your----    Ms. Jackson Lee . Comments along with resources.    Ms. Jackson Lee. On the overall issue, then, resources are needed across--you are talking about your State, but if you are an example, it would mean that it happens elsewhere, as well.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I would like--thank you for your testimony--Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to put into the record an article by MarEx dated July 6, ``U.S. Ports Want More Action on Dirty Bomb Prevention.''    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank you. I yield back.