    Mr. Barton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It's good to have you here, Ms. McCabe. We appreciate your courtesy of coming to talk to us.    I think it's a true statement that back in 1990 when we passed the Clean Air Act amendments, Chairman Upton and myself were the only two members of the committee currently that were also on the committee then. I don't think any of the senior Democrats were on the committee at that time, but if they were, I apologize. In any event, the full committee chairman was John Dingell of Michigan. He spent several years putting together the coalition of which I was a small part to move that bill through this committee, and through the Congress.    My recollection is that we spent an inordinate amount of time working on the acid rain title which implemented a nationwide emissions trading program for SO2. There were numerous stakeholder meetings. I remember going to the White House to meet with President Bush and Governor Sununu. I remember numerous Congressional hearings. I mean, we spent a lot of time on that.    We spent no time on section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act, none. Do you have any records at EPA that indicate the Congress spent, I mean, any public time at all on this minor provision?    Mr. Barton. Yes. Well, they didn't. I mean, I--now you're using, not you personally but your Agency is using section 111(d) to give the EPA basically total authority to create in a regulatory fashion a cap-and-trade program for carbon dioxide, which there was no intent in the Congress in the early '90s, no legislative record, no background at all. Your own attorneys at the EPA think it's uncertain. You know there's going to be a court case on this, and yet you're trying literally to create in a regulatory fashion what the Congress has refused to do in a legislative fashion. I think that's just wrong.    Can you tell this committee or this subcommittee where section 111(d) spells out clearly and specifically that the EPA has the authority to set mandatory emission limits, requirements that extend well beyond the actual sources being regulated?    Mr. Barton. I beg the--how can you say that with a straight face?    Mr. Barton. With all respect, ma'am, in the State of Texas we're going to have to shut down existing coal plants and build more wind power than the rest of the world has. If that's not a cap-and-trade program, what the heck is it?    Mr. Barton. Well, with all respect, my time is about to expire, but if this rule goes through, and I hope it doesn't, Texas has to build more wind generation than any other nation in the world currently has. Now that's a fact. And the problem is, even in Texas we can't make the wind blow when the EPA says it has to. I mean, it's simply not going to work.    I respect your integrity, I respect your commitment to what you do but, again, I was here in 1990. I voted for the Clean Air Act amendments. Your Agency is trying to do with it something that it was never intended to. We would have put it in, you can guarantee that John Dingell would have put it in if that's what the intent of the Congress was.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.