    Mr. Issa. Okay. Well, I'm going to start off, Mr. Balto, in your statement, it's already been read a couple times, but I'll grab a couple of the key words you used. This is the PBMs are the least regulated sector of healthcare. I guess without the FDA they might be. Essential elements of competition are not there. The following are transparency, choice, and lack of conflict of interest. Right?    Mr. Issa. And by the way, I'm not trying to make anybody a good guy or a bad guy. I just like to put this portion of the market in perspective. And I think, sort of as the witness against the PBM sitting between these two fine women from the industry, you're the one to ask.    If I told you that from the 2010 case published, for the two public companies on each side of you, that, for example, Express--and of course they've got mergers. There's other factors. But they're annual reports. Express Scripts went from about $42 billion in 2010 to $100 billion in gross revenues. Their profit, gross profit went from $2 billion to $3 billion during that period. After tax revenue went from $1.2 billion to $2 billion during that period of time.    On the other side, CVS, a bigger company, getting bigger, and in the retail space, so it's a little more complex to follow them, went from $97 billion to $139 billion. They went from $6 billion in profit to $9 billion in profit. And they both went up slightly in their per share.    Let me ask you a question. If somebody sells, for example, $100 billion worth of product and makes $2 billion after expenses and taxes, just one question: Where do you think those excess profits are that you say are there?    Mr. Issa. No, no. But I'm asking a question to you that is narrow, and I want to make sure that I don't get a--I don't know. You had an opening statement, so please stick to the question because I'm going to ask the others questions.    Mr. Issa. If a company makes--if you're qualified to answer on the financial part, if you sell $100 billion and you make $2 billion--and I checked, and they have had this same chairman for a long time and he gets decent compensation, but it's in the millions not the billions. So from a material standpoint, they don't have but 2 percent of gross sales in profit.    Now, unless there's money hidden under a mattress, my question for you--and I'll use Express Scripts. I could use either but Express Scripts is a much simpler company--they're basically a wholesaler middleman. They drive down their cost of distribution, particularly their mail order process; they negotiate the lowest prices they can; they squeeze, if you will, the retailer on one end as much as they can, Pfizer and the other pharmaceuticals on the other, and they end up with, you know, a buck and-a-half a share for their stockholders or about $2 billion, and it hasn't gone up or down in a major percentage.    So my question to you is, is it the lack of, as you said, the lack of transparency in competition, is that really at any of these pharmaceutical companies--and I realize there's a difference in, if Ms. Bricker's company makes $2 billion, it might drive Mr. Arthur's company out of business because of their ability to buy and so on.    There's no question--we could have a discussion between retail and wholesale and their tactics, and of course, with CVS, an integrated company that has both. And I'd like to give you a chance to answer that if you'd like to throughout the hearing.    But the real question is, where are these excess profits that you're alleging? If I go to Pfizer or any other number of large successful pharmaceutical companies, I will find after-tax revenues in as much as double digit of their gross sales.    So my question to you is, where is the evidence of that? Quickly. And then I'd like to others to answer. Because I'd like to understand that part, which I think for this Committee, looking at competition, and whether they need to be regulated, this is a big question.    Mr. Issa. Okay.    Mr. Issa. Okay. And for the two wholesale pharmacies, and I'd like to also include the retail quickly, if there were more transparency and a more level pricing for what a particular pill or two cost, and instead of a complex set of rebates and negotiations, if we look to these monopolies, particularly, people who have an exclusive and said, look, we don't care what you sell it for and how much, but you can't be all over the place on prices such that these MACs are so different. Would that really affect your business model in an adverse way?    I know, quickly, for Mr. Arthur, he would love to see a price where the price is the price to a certain extent, and only discounts are truly based on volume, you know, the truck delivery versus the UPS delivery. Because that certainly would change these disparities that are driving retail out.    Quickly, I apologize, Mr. Chairman, if they could answer.    Mr. Issa. Actually, it was cost bases from a monopoly, more like a public utility. You can buy your electricity cheaper from an exclusive source that has to sell it to you if you're a volume user, but the difference is based on actual earned discounts. But go ahead, please.    Mr. Issa. Right. In your case, your MAC price is always higher than your cost, I assume?    Mr. Issa. The pricing you're willing to pay the retailer is always higher than your actual cost?    Mr. Issa. Well, you know your cost, don't you?    Mr. Issa. Well, you buy. You're a large buyer. He's a small buyer.    Mr. Issa. You set his price based on an assumption of what he paid for the product. I just want to understand, can you say here today under oath, both of you, that you always provide the retailer a ``price'' that is at least above what the two largest people in the pond pay?    Mr. Issa. Okay. So you can certify that. You can too?    Mr. Issa. Well, every effort. You've got great computers.    Mr. Issa. Would you say with the certainty of somebody gets fired, if that's not the case, if you actually expect the small retailer to take less than, in fact, you're already paying?    Mr. Issa. No, I know you're not.    Mr. Chairman, I know that I'm actually stealing from your time every minute that this goes on, but I would ask that Mr. Arthur give his opinion on this. Because I do think that--and I said this to two of the witnesses when I met with them in advance. You know, the hotel industry and the airplane industry used to suffer from the fact that two people on an airplane sitting next to each other, one could pay four times more than the one next to them, and it was always very hard to understand.    At least now, if you go to an online Web site, you can at least get some transparency on what the best deal is. And I think for the retail industry, this is part of what's not existing in healthcare. And I'd just like Mr. Arthur to give his insight on not knowing what something gets bought for by anybody except what you get told on reimbursement.    Mr. Issa. I will owe you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Issa. I apologize. I called him a middleman, but you're right, except for their own mail order, they're working with you based on your inventory.    Mr. Issa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I will owe you that large poker chip.