    Mr. Forbes. Today the subcommittee meets to discuss the future of Air Force long-range strike capabilities and employment concepts. Our distinguished panel of guests testifying today includes Lieutenant General, retired, Robert J. Elder, Jr., Ph.D., faculty, George Mason University; also Mr. Mark Gunzinger, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments; and Dr. Rebecca Grant, president, IRIS Independent Research.    These distinguished guests, we are glad to have you here. You have all done a lot of great work, and we look forward to your testimony this afternoon.    During World War II, America gained the ability to strike targets at long range with its massive bomber force. The Air Force flew thousands of conventional daylight precision bombing missions over Europe and Asia. Crossing thousands of miles of ocean, the war in the Pacific was brought to a decisive end by the nuclear strikes on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. From that point, the United States maintained the robust conventional and nuclear long-range strike capabilities needed to deter the aggression of hostile states and assure the security of our allies around the globe.    As the threat environment evolved, so have our capabilities. Stealth and precision standoff weapons enable our Navy and Air Force to penetrate anti-access environments. Our increasing ability to process, exploit, and disseminate intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance information helps deter future conflicts and deescalate regional tensions.    That said, our long-range strike capabilities must evolve further to address the range of challenges posed by the rapid and threatening rise of China; a resurgent and expansionist Russia; a subversive and terrorist-supporting Iran; and an unpredictable and provocative North Korea. China, Russia, and North Korea are established nuclear powers, and Iran, regardless of the negotiated P5 agreement, remains a nuclear threat in the not-so-distant future.    Adding to this complex security environment, I am concerned about Russia and China rapidly fielding highly capable integrated air defense systems and other anti-access capabilities. The proliferation of these weapon systems is eroding our ability to perform long-range strike with our legacy bomber fleet and standoff precision weapons, thus diminishing our ability to deter and respond to aggression.    The current state of our bomber force is of great concern. The newest B-52 bomber is 53 years old. In at least one Air Force family, three generations of airmen have piloted the Stratofortress in combat engagements from Vietnam to Enduring Freedom. As of September 2015, our Air Force bomber force structure consists of 158 <dagger> total bombers--63 B-1s, 20 B-2s, and 76 B-52 aircraft--with an average age of 39 years. Of the total, only 96 are currently funded for combat service.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    <dagger> Correction for the record: The total number of bombers is 159.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    The Air Force plans on recapitalizing B-1 and B-52 force structure with a smaller fleet of 80 to 100 Long-Range Strike Bombers. As we grapple with the proliferation of anti-access systems in contested environments, dwindling force structure, and continuing budget constraints and uncertainty, it is critically important that we identify the long-range strike capabilities and concepts that we need for the future.    Once again, I want to thank our witnesses for participating in our hearing this afternoon, and I look forward to discussing this important topic.    With that, I turn to my good friend and colleague the ranking member of the subcommittee, Joe Courtney.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, Joe.    And I guess we are going to line up.    If you guys are comfortable, we will start with General Elder and work our way across.    General, we look forward to any comments that you may be willing to offer us today.    General Elder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Courtney, members of the committee, it is a privilege to have been offered this opportunity to talk with you today about the value of the Long-Range Strike Bomber to U.S. national security. As both of you have already mentioned, our capabilities are withering, and we have less than 100 combat-ready bombers with an average age of 38 years.    Quite frankly, the older bombers we have are simply not survivable in the face of modern air defenses. And as you pointed out, we are going to have to live with them for quite a bit longer. The newer B-52s remain potent but are few in number. And my belief, quite frankly, is the 80 to 100 aircraft number is not going be enough to replace the B-1, B-52 fleet, even though its capability against a target set will be greater, but what amounts to the rotational commitments, it is not going to satisfy that.    Unlike most military systems which are designed to provide utility for a small number of missions, bombers provide value in time of peace, crisis, and conflict. It takes many different platforms combined to do all the things that a bomber can do. Long-range strike bombers serve as a global strike air sensor platform, but they are distinctly capable of providing a range of effects against dynamic targets anywhere on the globe, and they can use their own organic queuing.    Study after study has shown that bombers do more than simply strike targets. They offer structural stability for both conventional nuclear scenarios and, as you point out, provide the most flexible component of the U.S. strategic triad. And they are the best way to reassure allies of our commitment to extend a deterrence because they can signal. In other words, the bomber is more than just a strike and sensor platform; it is also a powerful tool of diplomacy.    Long-range strike capabilities provide the Nation practical alternatives for global security and regional stability and provide combatant commanders increased effectiveness in the conduct of joint operations across the full range of conflict. They are absolutely critical for our national security. Because of their versatility, I believe they provide the Nation exceptional value, and I look forward to getting your questions, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Forbes. General, thank you.    Mr. Gunzinger.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, Mark.    Dr. Grant.    Mr. Forbes. Before we go to Mr. Courtney for his questions, can all three of you give us your thoughts about what happens if we don't get this long-range strike capability? And number two, how do you assess so far the process that we've used to get here as you look at the Air Force and what they have done? What is your thought on that?    General Elder.    General Elder. Mr. Chairman, that is an interesting question, I think the Nation will be in quite a bind, quite frankly, particularly with the threats that you highlighted in your initial marks, if we don't get this new capability, the Long-Range Strike Bomber. There is a perception that things aren't too bad right now. We seem to be holding things in check with the current force structure, but the reality is that our adversaries do know how to go after our strengths. They are looking for ways to exploit that. Actually, as Mark Gunzinger pointed out, this going back and forth, the LRS-B is a huge jump over where they are in terms of their ability to counter it. So it will be important from that standpoint.    I also believe that as a Nation the types of things we do when we talk about our ability compared to others, what perhaps makes this a superpower is this capability to operate globally. And these other airplanes we have are getting too old, and so we basically will wither down to where we basically in the future will only have the B-2 fleet and then forces that we can deploy. These deployable forces are very important, that they provide a capability to operate globally, but they don't give you a global capability. And certainly from a time standpoint, in terms of giving options to the President, any adversary knows that there is going to be this long period of time before you would be able to get there. I think that is going to raise huge concerns among our allies, who are counting on us not only in some cases for nuclear umbrellas but also for kind of a strategic stability globally. And, of course, the bombers have been working for years now with the sea forces in terms of providing stability. Particularly in the Pacific, but not only there, in Europe and the Central Command region as well. So I think it would be disastrous for the Nation's force not to get this new airplane. It will be critical to our national security in the future.    In terms of the process that was used. It is interesting that one of the challenges we have had when you try to bring out these new technologies and you want these new technologies to give you this asymmetric advantage, that asymmetric advantage works for a period of time until the adversary knows what they are, and then they are going to start trying to work these counters. So the one good thing about this approach for sure is that this whole period of time, the adversary knows that something new is being developed, but they have no opportunity to even start thinking about how they might counter it. There is a lot of discussion about ways it can be approached, but those things all depend on pretty fragile knowledge of how that would happen. So from a standpoint of trying to protect the way this airplane is going to give us this asymmetric increase in capability, I think it is a good thing we have done this because it basically saves the government a lot of money. It also means that when this airplane is produced, it has quite a bit more capability from the get-go.    The second thing, which is actually something that Dr. Grant pointed out, the airplane is designed to be able to continue to evolve with technology and with new threats because of the open architecture design. And so once the airplane is something that people can actually see and our adversaries can see, we will know that they will start working to look at ways to counter that. But it will be much easier with this platform than platforms we have had in the past to be able to bring those changes in and continue to maintain the LRS-B as a relevant platform for a very long time.    Mr. Forbes. Dr. Grant, how do you assess where the Air Force has come so far in this process?    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Courtney.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Texas, Mr. Conaway, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman is exactly right, though, on the cost situation. We are going to have to have a discussion with the Air Force. I don't think there was any bad intention or anything there, but still those numbers, it is a big gap from 33 to 58 and then back down we think now to about 41, but still a huge discrepancy.    The gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Graham, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Colonel Cook is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. And Paul finishes that with, isn't that true? That is his question.    Mr. Knight is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Well, we want to thank our witnesses for being here today. As we mentioned at the outset to each of you, we would love to give you some time to do a wrap-up of what you think we need to have on the record for this program. So we are going to give you that time now if you need it. And any clarifications for anything on the record or any additions, we would love to hear from you at this time.    General, we will once again start of off with you, and we will finish with Dr. Grant.    General Elder. Well, Mr. Chairman, and the committee, again, I really do appreciate the opportunity to be here. This platform, I am not read in on this platform. I was very familiar with the airplane that was going to be built in 2018, and they made a conscious decision at that time that they were going to lock in the requirements and they were going to work with technologies that were well known, well developed. When I was still on Active Duty, I remember I had some great ideas myself. I said that this would be a great thing to have on this new airplane, and they said: We will put it into the mix for a possible adaptation down the road, but it is not a proper TRL level or the level of sophistication that we are willing to consider because we only want to bring things into this platform that we know will work when we integrate them together.    But at the same time, they said: Don't worry because we are building this airplane so that these new capabilities can be added later on. We have gone to great efforts to make sure they do that, and they have had programs to continue to do that.    As Dr. Grant pointed out, the teams that developed the 2018 bomber, the Department of Defense right away provided money to keep those teams working, so as they put together the new, which then became the LRS-B, so these teams have been consistent for a long period of time, which is part of the reason that I am very confident that this airplane is going to have the great capabilities that we are attributing to it. And I also believe it is going to have the adaptability and, from talking to people who are involved with the program, who say: I wish I could tell you about the program, I wish I could tell you. It is just absolutely phenomenal what they have done with this program. I have talked to logisticians, who are usually the biggest ones to complain about a program, because they say they forgot about us. And they said: It is phenomenal. They thought about us. They thought about how to maintain it. There has been a big push to keep high emission-capable rates, which means that you have to make it easy to maintain. All these things have been worked in.    So while I haven't been read into the program, the people I know that are very familiar with this--and I guarantee would have no qualms at all to complain to me if they thought there was an issue--are just ecstatic about this. I have always liked to think of myself, I grew up in Strategic Air Command, and I was someone who thought a lot about deterrents. And with the fall of the Berlin Wall, there was a lot of people who thought we did not need to think about deterrence anymore because we didn't have a Soviet Union. They were right that we didn't need to worry about the Soviet Union anymore, but they were wrong to think that we didn't need to worry about someone else coming and finding some way to attack us. And we have had these various different ways. We have grown much more sophisticated in terms of our understanding of how to use military force in concert with other instruments of national power to be effective, and we have seen not only bombers but all of our military force.    But I will try to highlight the bombers, how they have been used in Bosnia, in Kosovo, in Afghanistan, in Libya, in Iraq, to be able to do things that we typically don't think about the airplanes doing. And, again, this goes to those great captains who say: Hey, you know, I know what we can do this with airplane. And then you have some great strategic leaders or operational leaders who say: Boy, now that you have showed me we could do that, we can work this thing in, and we can make it effective.    The LRS-B provides a platform. It is kind of like, I like to use-- You buy an iPhone or you buy an Android--it doesn't matter--and it gives you capabilities to bring all these different apps that you can put on. And as Mr. Gunzinger was pointing out, these apps--there are a lot of apps. They can be electronic warfare apps. They can be ISR apps. They can be bombing apps. They might be cyber apps. All these things are possible because this particular platform was designed not only to be something that is easily adaptable, but it also was designed to be part of a family of systems. So this ability to interoperate with maritime forces, with ground forces, with space forces, it really is an important aspect of this.    And whereas the B-2 was largely developed, initially at least, that it would try to go in alone and unafraid and that is why you weren't going to see it because there wasn't much around. This time they are recognizing you are going to want to use this platform in cases where people are looking for you, so you are just going to make it really difficult for them to pick you out. And because the plan form of this thing, that is the physics of it, it makes it very difficult for acquisition and particularly for the radars that are actually used to target, to be able to hit, but it is bringing in all of the different types of stealth. It is stealth across the entire electromagnetic spectrum to make this thing very hard to go through as, Mr. Gunzinger, the kill chain. You can't--not just enough to see it, to actually put a weapon against, it is going to be very difficult. And I believe from the people that I have talked to, although I can't personally witness to because I haven't seen it, but I believe that the Nation is going to be very impressed when they see this airplane. And I believe that the Department is going to be able to use this platform in conjunction with the Navy, the Army, and the Marine Corps to do some very good things for national security for the Nation.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, General.    Mr. Gunzinger.    Mr. Forbes. Dr. Grant, we are going to let you have the last word.    Mr. Forbes. We want to thank all three of you for being here. We give you, as I told you before, an open invitation as you see this process. What Mr. Cook raised, what Mr. Knight raised, great questions. We actually posed some of these to them before this hearing because these are important things to do.    Mr. Courtney and I recently were at some briefings, and I think we were both informed and both concluded that probably cutting that F-22 production line was one of the worst mistakes we made for national defense in some time. So we need to get these things correct and make sure that we are able to produce them.    But we thank you for giving us your expertise, your wisdom, and your knowledge on this. If no one has anything else, then we are adjourned.