    Chairman Kline. A quorum being present, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will come to order.    Good morning, everyone. I want to extend a warm welcome to the acting Secretary of Education, John King, who is with us to discuss the policies and priorities of the Department of Education. Dr. King has been at the helm of the Department since January and was recently nominated by the President to serve as the next Secretary of Education.    And congratulations on your nomination, Dr. King.    We understand this is the beginning of a busy week for you on Capitol Hill, back to the aforementioned nomination. You graciously agreed to join us today to speak broadly about the Department's priorities, and you will return tomorrow to discuss, specifically, the Department's efforts regarding the Every Student Succeeds Act.    Replacing No Child Left Behind was a leading priority of this committee for many years. We are eager to learn how the Department plans to implement the new law in a way that adheres to the letter and intent of the law. While that's a conversation we will have in more detail tomorrow, it does reflect in some ways on today's hearing. In fact, as we consider the work that lies ahead this year, there are two lessons we can learn from our efforts to improve K-12 education.    First, the American people want commonsense reforms that empower individuals, not Federal bureaucrats. Families across the country face a number of difficult challenges, including stagnant wages, rising college costs, and a lack of full-time jobs.    Unfortunately, the response by many in Washington is to call for more government, more programs, more spending, more rules, more regulations. We've tried this top-down approach for years, and it really hasn't worked. It's time we look for other opportunities to provide more authority and flexibility to the States and local communities while also ensuring a more limited and accountable Federal Government.    Second, we have shown what's possible when we work together in good faith for the common good. We saw a problem, agreed the status quo wasn't working, and came together to enact a practical solution. Both sides brought to the table very different ideas and principles, but we were able to hold onto our principles and still find common ground. Because we did, we delivered real results for the American people, and they expect similar results in the months ahead.    It's for these reasons many of us are disappointed with the President's budget request. It would provide the Department with tens of billions of dollars in new spending to create and administer new entitlement programs as well as numerous new competitive grant programs that put the Department in charge of picking winners and losers. This additional burden to the taxpayer would not provide students and families a more efficient, effective, and accountable agency. Instead, these dollars would be used to grow an already bloated bureaucracy.    No doubt these proposals are well intended, but they will ultimately divert limited taxpayer resources away from existing services that are vitally important to low- and middle-income families.    The American people aren't interested in continuing the same failed policies, but that's precisely what this budget would do. It doubles down on the false hope that the Federal Government can create the opportunity and prosperity families desperately need. We know there's a better way. We recently proved there's a better way. There are a number of issues that deserve our attention, such as expanding access to an affordable college education, improving career and technical education, and the successful implementation of our recent reforms to K-12 education.    Dr. King, I hope we can work together on these and other important issues in a way that builds on our recent success by placing less faith in the schemes of Washington and more faith in the American people.    With that, I will now recognize Ranking Member Scott for his opening remarks.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman.    Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted for the official hearing record.    Chairman Kline. It's now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished witness. Dr. John B. King, Jr. is the acting Secretary for the U.S. Department of Education. He was named acting Secretary of the Department of Education last month. Prior to this, he served as a principal senior adviser to the Department performing the duties of the deputy secretary. And as I mentioned earlier, he has now been officially nominated by the President of the United States. And it is my understanding that the Senate, in fact, is going to have a hearing tomorrow afternoon on that nomination.    We wish you good luck with that.    Let me ask you now, Dr. King, to please stand and raise your right hand.    Chairman Kline. Let the record reflect Dr. King answered in the affirmative -- as by the way, has every witness that we have ever asked to do that.    Before I recognize you to provide your testimony, let me just briefly remind you and everybody about the lighting system. For many of us up here, this is our first hearing in this completely renovated hearing room, and we're, perhaps, a little disoriented and maybe even awed. I think maybe Mr. Brat is still lost. I'm not sure. Oh, no, that's not what you were -- I thought you were talking.    Dr. King, I'll ask you to here, in just a minute, to give us your testimony. The timer will come on there in front of you, which indicates you have 5 minutes, but as I indicated to you earlier, I have never, never gaveled down a witness for going -- certainly, not a Secretary or acting Secretary -- for going somewhat over. But if you can limit those remarks, then we can get into questions and answers. Each member here will be given 5 minutes to ask questions and get answers. And I will be a little bit more demanding on my colleagues' time than yours.    So, Dr. King, you're recognized.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Dr. King. Less than 5 minutes. I don't know that you get any extra points for that, but well done.    I had discussed this very briefly with you before. It's been a nagging concern, I guess, to me, year after year. When we look at the President's budget year after year, there is little or no increase suggested in funding for IDEA, and this year turns out to be the same thing. If I look at the President's budget, I can give many examples here, the budget proposes a new billion-dollar mandatory program called Respect: Best Job in the World. It proposes $120 million for a new Stronger Together grant program, requests 80 million for a new Next Generation High Schools program, proposes $2 billion, and $4 billion over 3 years, for a new mandatory Computer Science for All Initiative, proposes $100 million for a new Computer Science for All development grant program, and so forth.    My point is that the budget is full of new programs. And the discussions I used to have with Mr. Miller, when he was here, when these new program ideas would come up, I would ask him: Why do you want to propose a new program which will be chronically underfunded? And I'm sort of asking you the same thing.    Year after year and in this budget, it's new program, new program, new program. They are always competing with each other for funding, and they are competing with IDEA.    In countless school visits, roundtable meetings, discussions I've had with superintendents, principals, teachers, parents, and I ask them, ``What's the most important thing that the Federal Government can do to help you?'' the answer is always, from every one of them, step up to the Federal Government's commitment to fund special ed. We were supposed to be providing 40 percent of the new funds that would be required under IDEA for the new requirement to take care of special needs kids. We've never gotten half that. And this budget brings it down from almost half, working down to about 16 percent.    Can you please just explain why, why you, why the President, why somebody thinks it's more valuable to create new, untested programs that are going to be underfunded than it is to meet this commitment?    Chairman Kline. Well, we're just going to continue to disagree here. It seems to me -- continues to seem to me -- that we would be a whole lot better to set as our first priority meeting the commitment that's been out there for, what, now over 40 years, and we can't seem to do it. And school after school after school, district after district says that's the most important thing. And yet, this budget has created all of these new programs, which are, yes, you stay within the caps, but that means you're taking money from what could be, and I would argue, should be going to special ed.    Okay, I yield back.    Mr. Scott.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman.    Just to alert all of my colleagues, Dr. King has a hard stop at 12:30. We will honor that. So that means I will be dropping this gravel pretty quickly if you go over the 5 minutes.    Let's see. Dr. Roe, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Hinojosa.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Thompson.    Chairman Kline. I hate to interrupt, Dr. King, but the gentleman's time has expired. We're doing the filibuster-up-to-10-seconds-left trick, folks. We can't do that. Dr. King has a hard stop.    Mr. Grijalva.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Walberg.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms. Fudge.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentlelady.    Mr. Salmon is recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms. Wilson.    Ms. Wilson of Florida. I'm happy to welcome you here today, Dr. King. It was my pleasure to host you this past Friday for Miami-Dade County's My Brother's Keeper Action Summit. It was an honor to show you how our community leaders, elected officials, and education community have committed themselves to uplifting our young people.    I find myself very moved by your personal story. It is truly a testament to the power of education. And I look forward to working with you in the future to ensure we promote and protect educational opportunities for our youth. I know you are exceptionally qualified to be the Secretary of Education because you were a principal.    I commend the President for submitting a budget that seeks to expand access to a quality education and ensure our children are college and career ready.    I have a couple of questions for you, and thank you. During the ESSA conference committee, I was able to push through an amendment that created an additional use of new Student Support and Academic Enrichment Fund so schools can establish and improve the dropout and reentry programs that give potential dropouts the support they need.    The President's budget does not fully fund this new block grant at the fully authorized levels. Has the Department proposed flexibility to ensure LEAs can fund varied strategies to support learning, including dropout prevention and reentry?    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Dr. Foxx.    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady yields back.    Ms. Bonamici.    Chairman Kline. Gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Rokita.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back.    Ms. Clark.    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired.    I want to advise all my colleagues that I'm going to limit time to 4 minutes so that everybody has a chance to engage in the discussion and we can still meet the commitment to Dr. King to get him out of here by his hard time.    And, Dr. Heck, we're going to start with limiting you. You're recognized.    Mr. Chair, I'll yield back the balance of my time, pointing out that I was able to get two questions in.    Chairman Kline. You are my hero, sir. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Polis.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Kline. Mr. Guthrie.    Chairman Kline. You also are my hero. Gentleman yields back.    Ms. Adams.    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Messer.    Chairman Kline. My absolute hero.    Mr. Takano.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms. Stefanik.    Chairman Kline. Very impressed with the cooperation here.    Mrs. Davis, you're recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Grothman.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Bishop.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back.    All members have had a chance to engage in the discussion, so we are getting ready to close. And I will yield to Mr. Scott.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman.    I'd just a note, I'm sorry, obviously, people, all members here are rushing between hearings. Ms. Bonamici was talking about how Congress sets the student loan interest rates. It is true that in a bipartisan way, working with the administration, the Obama administration, a formula -- Congress was involved in creating a formula. But as you know, the rates are determined now by the market. Congress doesn't sit here and decide with a Ouija board, or whatever they used to do, what those interest rates ought to be. I just want to be clear about that.    I want to thank you, Dr. King, for being here today. And I really do appreciate your willingness to come back tomorrow and letting us really get into a discussion of the Every Student Succeeds Act. Great interest to us and to you and to the Department and I think to people across the country, because we're already starting to hear from stakeholders in our States and districts. So we're really looking forward to that.    And, again, good luck to you tomorrow afternoon as you move to the wrong side of the Capitol for those discussions.    There being no further business, the committee stands adjourned.