    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to be here today.    BLM manages nearly 250 million acres of surface property and 700 million acres of subsurface estate in the Nation. That means 10 percent of the Nation's surface, or nearly a third of its mineral estate.    We manage these lands under a dual framework of multiple use and sustained yield. Facilitating the responsible development of renewable energy resources on public lands is a cornerstone of the Administration's energy strategy. Since 2009, the BLM has approved 55 renewable energy generation and transmission projects. This includes 32 solar projects, 11 wind farms, 12 geothermal plants.    These projects will provide more than 14,500 megawatts of power, or roughly enough electricity to power 4.9 million homes and provide over 24,000 jobs in construction and operations.    Renewable energy projects on public lands have already generated an estimated $8.6 billion in total capital investments, with the potential for an additional $28 billion for approved projects that are pending construction.    As stewards of America's public lands, we take very seriously our responsibility to sustain the health and diversity of those lands. To ensure that lands are restored after a project is decommissioned, we require project developers to post bonds to cover future expenses.    As with all development on public lands, the BLM is committed to ensuring appropriate bonding of solar and wind energy projects. We continue to take steps to improve the processes and procedures for solar and wind energy bonding. For example, in September of 2014, the BLM issued a proposed comprehensive leasing rule for solar and wind energy development that includes mandatory bonding requirements. We are currently in the process of reviewing comments on the appropriate minimum bond amounts and will make a determination as part of that final rule.    Further, as part of the implementation of the final rule, we plan to update policies to improve recordkeeping and processing of renewable energy bonds. These policies will identify standards for proper project file documentation and establish automated notifications that a right-of-way is due for bond adequacy review.    The policies will also include a variety of internal controls: an annual certification by managers that bonds are properly processed, held in secure locations, and readily available.    The BLM also has been engaged with GAO to ensure the bonds for reclamation costs of wind and solar projects are adequately documented. We appreciate the work of the GAO and generally agree with their recommendations. We believe that through the publication and implementation of the proposed competitive solar and wind leasing energy rule all of GAO's recommendations will be fully addressed.    We take our responsibility to maintain proper documentation of bond instruments seriously. We will continue to take steps to address any identified shortcomings, including training staff and updating office-specific procedures.    BLM's responsibility to ensure appropriate bonding for energy projects extends to all types of development on public lands. For example, we recently solicited public input on bonding requirements for oil and gas projects on public lands, updating potentially outdated regulations.    We are also reviewing individual oil and gas well bonds on a case-by-case basis and raising bonding requirements where appropriate using existing authorities.    In conclusion, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, we remain committed to ensuring that development of all types of public lands occurs in an environmentally sound manner, and we will continue to take steps to ensure that projects are bonded appropriately.    Thank you.    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, when we learned of this matter through the draft GAO report, I talked to our Acting State Director in Wyoming, Mary Jo, and asked her to look into this and to conduct an internal review to see if she could substantiate this claim and examine the bonding status.    Mr. Ellis. It is my understanding, Mr. Chairman, from the Wyoming BLM Acting State Director that the bonds are not missing; that all bonds are accounted for.    Mr. Ellis. Well, we have actually made significant improvements in the process of assessing bonds for renewable energy products in response to the IG's report of 2012. In the summer of 2012, the BLM issued policy to ensure field offices were complying with the existing bonding policy. For example, it required state directors to certify annually that all right-of-way bonds are up to date and consistent with policy and required field offices to enter all bonds into the LR2000 System and the Bond and Surety System.    We also entered into this rulemaking process that you referred to for wind and solar, to ensure consistency and predictability across the program. We have not yet completed that process, but we hope to do so as expeditiously as possible.    Mr. Ellis. That is correct.    Mr. Ellis. We do protect personally identifiable information. That is true. We do protect that.    Mr. Ellis. Well, I might respond in this way. I was not part of this group to do the investigation. I have talked to our Acting State Director, Mary Jo Rugwell. She has indicated to me that all of the bonds are accounted for. She indicated that if anything may have been shredded, it could have been----    Mr. Ellis. No, all of the bonds are accounted for. The bonds are accounted for. They are in the safe. That is what I was told.    Mr. Ellis. To this point, there have been none.    Mr. Ellis. No. I do not have all the numbers with me; I think in the last 3 years I was made aware that there were seven instances on oil and gas where there were some reclamation costs and we did have to go the bond.    Mr. Ellis. I cannot validate those numbers for sure, but I can tell you we do have orphaned wells--and we have had to spend some money on orphaned wells--but many of these orphaned wells, such as those in Alaska were not bonded. They are very old. They were not bonded.    Mr. Ellis. Yes. The orphaned wells, it is an issue, particularly in Alaska.    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, I have indicated that I spoke with our Acting State Director of Wyoming. I asked her to look into the matter. She got back to me.    Mr. Ellis. I do not know, Mr. Chairman, the specifics of checks. I can tell you that we are very pleased that the Inspector General is looking into this matter. We support----    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, as I responded in my letter and earlier, the Acting State Director of Wyoming looked into it and told me that all the bonds were accounted for, that based on their looking into this, that the bonds were not shredded.    Mr. Ellis. Well, Congressman, I might respond this way. We are very proud of the role that the BLM plays in providing the Nation's energy needs, including renewable energy.    Regarding the bill, the department and the BLM are committed to responsibly mobilizing the tremendous renewable energy resources that are available on public lands; and we share your interest in identifying efficiencies that are consistent with their multiple use and sustained yield mandate.    We are very proud of the record that we have had, particularly since 2009. As I indicated in my testimony, when all of these projects get online, it will be 14,500 megawatts of power, which is enough to supply a lot of homes. I indicated in my testimony we are proud of this. This is energy that is clean. It is renewable; it is clean. It is environmentally sound energy.    Also with that said, we still have oil and gas. We have geothermal. We have coal. We have a complete portfolio on public land.    Mr. Ellis. Let me respond this way, Congressman. As you probably know, a few years ago we did an environmental impact statement to identify solar energy zones. I believe there are about 17 of these. We went through that process so industry would know that there were areas that they could go where we felt that the resource conflicts were less than they were in other areas; and since we had an umbrella EIS over these zones, we could do the NEPA work faster.    So it really encourages industry to go to those areas.    Mr. Ellis. Boy, in some of those we have been able to get that NEPA work done in a matter of a year, which is pretty quick.    Mr. Ellis. It can take longer if it is outside those zones. It really depends upon----    Mr. Ellis. Congressman, we have had those discussions.    Mr. Ellis. Yes, Mr. Chairman. I am aware that some of those are Navy wells. I do not know if it is 50, but I am aware that some are Navy wells.    Mr. Ellis. All right. If I may for clarification purposes, you are suggesting that the bonds are accountable, that maybe there were some that were not there and now they are back? Is that it?    Mr. Ellis. What I am aware of is that all of the bonds today are accounted for.    Mr. Ellis. I did hear what GAO had to say.    Mr. Ellis. The question I asked the Acting State Director of Wyoming was to find out, based on what was read in the draft report, if some bonds had been shredded and if the bonds are accounted for, and I said earlier----    Mr. Ellis. I did.    Mr. Ellis. Yes. We asked BLM in Wyoming to look into the matter and see if there had----    Mr. Ellis. We asked them, Mr. Chairman, to look into the matter based on what we saw in the draft report. They responded to us that the bonds were not shredded, and that all of the bonds are accounted for and in the safe.    Mr. Ellis. That is the information that I was given from----    Mr. Ellis. That----    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, as I indicated earlier in my testimony and in response----    Mr. Ellis. I can only testify to what I was told.    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, I asked a question of our Acting State Director, to look into this.    Mr. Ellis. My testimony is what I had in the record, what I have----    Mr. Ellis. I was told by the Acting Director of the state of Wyoming----    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, I will respond in two ways. One, the Inspector General is investigating this. I look forward to the Inspector General getting down and finding the facts of----    Mr. Ellis. No, what I am saying is that we inquired. I had the Acting State Director inquire----    Mr. Ellis. That is the information that was provided to me.    Mr. Ellis. The information that was provided to me. With that said, I look forward to reading the----    Mr. Ellis . Inspector General's report.    Mr. Ellis. All I can go by, Mr. Chairman, is what I am told by----    Mr. Ellis. It is my understanding from the BLM in Wyoming----    Mr. Ellis. I can only go by what I was told.    Mr. Ellis. Mr. Chairman, based on what I know of our Acting State Director--she indicated that based on them inquiring and looking at that, that no bonds were shredded.    Mr. Ellis. I have full confidence in Mary Jo's feedback on this.    Mr. Ellis. Congresswoman, yes, we do have to go back to the company if there was----    Mr. Ellis. I cannot say from my----    Mr. Ellis. That would be one form.    Mr. Ellis. Approximately 95,000.    Mr. Ellis. We do not. That number is about $186 million.    Mr. Ellis. Congresswoman, if you look at the oil and gas bonds, they are based on a number of factors, and that includes the past reclamation performance of the company. We often do not require full bonding in oil and gas for the reclamation.    In fact, part of it is based on the track record of the company. If the company has a good track record, then sometimes we hold less than the full reclamation amount. Now, that could be accounting for part of this. Generally oil and gas companies, our experience has been they are pretty good at reclaiming these areas.    Mr. Ellis. We do for renewable energy under this rule that we are working on.    Mr. Ellis. No, we do not for wind and solar.    Mr. Ellis. It is for wind and solar.    Mr. Ellis. The things that we do--we have turnover of employees; and sometimes employees, it is possible they may not all be as familiar with the time frames of when they are supposed to look at these things.    This is being clarified in the new rule that we are working on, and so it is not inconceivable that we would have situations out there where employees may not be totally familiar with these things. I think what our goal is to do, and we have taken these steps, is to try to train these employees and help them understand what the rules are as far as looking at these things.    It is being clarified in the new rule to provide greater consistency across the landscape.    Mr. Ellis. No. We are a very complex agency. We do many, many things. This is one of those things that we do in a multiple use and sustained yield mission. So we have many, many tasks and many things. Right now, we are dealing with a severe fire situation in Alaska. We have many things in our portfolio. With that being said though, I would say that the GAO, in this instance, what they bring to us is always valuable. We always learn from these things. It is very valuable.    And as we indicated in the recommendations that they have--I believe there are five of them. In four of them, we say we are going to accept these recommendations. I think there was one where we went partially, because we think that by accepting these we will get at some of the very things, Congresswoman, you mentioned.    Mr. Ellis. No.    Mr. Ellis. I am aware of the two systems that we have, Congressman. Also, in the GAO report, they did have some findings here; and we acknowledge that we need to establish a requirement for routine data entry. We acknowledge this, and this is something we are working on.    We realize that there were some issues between the two systems.    Mr. Ellis. Well, the requirement--what GAO recommended was 5 business days. This is difficult. In our new policy that we are coming out with, we pushed this to 10 business days. Really, Congressman, our employees, who would have to be land law examiners, have a lot on their plates, and so we think----    Mr. Ellis. Generally our staff in the field offices in the districts, our realty specialist and land law examiners are the individuals that input that data.    Mr. Ellis. They are not. For example, if employees generally do not work in that arena, no, they would not be trained. But our goal is to train the people that normally use the system as part of their job.    Mr. Ellis. What we have asked the employees to do is to look at those deficiencies that were found and update the information.    Mr. Ellis. It is my understanding that they are doing it. I cannot tell you if it has all be completed, but I can get back to you on that.    Mr. Ellis. Congresswoman, first of all, the GAO report flagged this issue of the alert system; we think that is a great idea, and we do plan to implement that.    As indicated about the 5-day time frame, oftentimes a realty specialist will go to the field on a Monday, and they might be out of the office for 5 days. They may not even be back in until the following Monday, and so we think it is important that this work be done. Don't get me wrong. It is important that this information be entered. Anything that we can do, such as an alert system to help remind employees, telling supervisors that this is something that has to be done in a timely manner, these are processes and steps that we intend to implement. We are taking this recommendation very seriously from GAO.