    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    When we are discussing China and its influences, this is not just a situation where the United States wants to dominate the world and we want to make sure that people are listening to rock and roll instead of Chinese instruments playing their style of music.    I just note that in China there has been no political reform whatsoever. Although we had a promise that if we increased our economic ties to China, increased our investment, increased our involvement, that there would be a liberalization of their system. And there is no opposition party, opposition press. There are no people who are permitted to openly organize and criticize the government.    China has also, at the same time that it has no political reform, has become ever more aggressive in its many territorial claims, territorial claims which we have ignored for a long time, but now they seem to be reemerging. Plus, you have military action taken by China over dubious claims in the South China Sea.    So as we are discussing the issue of China's influence, it is not just another country versus our country as our influence. It is whether or not this totalitarian power will be expanding its area of influence, but in some ways control.    And let me also note this. Years ago there was--I first noted this when--and the Chinese targets and how they handle it economically--when the Panama Canal, as it exists today, a Chinese company was able to buy--Hutchison Whampoa was able to buy terminals on both sides of the canal, thus putting the Panama Canal in a position of being dominated by this Chinese-owned company, and how that company received that contract after the actual Panamanian Government had been notified, an American company, that they had won the contract, and they were there to accept the contract. In the middle of the conversation, a phone call comes in. And I think it was the Vice President had to leave the office. And when he came back, he said: Oh, there was a mistake made. The contract went to somebody else.    And the question, what I am leading into is, it was always my belief that somebody had been paid off. In the United States, we put our people in jail if they make bribes to foreign leaders. Is there any such rule of thumb for the way the Chinese companies deal with these Third World countries that we are talking about and developing countries?    Mr. Rohrabacher. When you come from a society that doesn't have a rule of law, doesn't have an independent judiciary, doesn't have stated rights in terms of people's relationship with legal procedures and who owns what property, et cetera, you would expect that in that country there would be some major problems in dealing with the citizens and companies from that country.    Let me ask you this about those companies that are dealing with these nations that we are talking about. Many of the companies in China that are making profits, et cetera, are actually companies that are owned by the People's Liberation Army. Are any of the companies that you are talking about owned by the People's Liberation Army?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Anybody on the People's Liberation Army?