    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield and Ranking Member Rush for holding this hearing on pipeline safety reauthorization and the discussion draft released by the committee last Friday. While I believe the draft could and should be much stronger, it is a good start and includes some important provisions on underground gas storage, pipeline safety, Technical Assistance Grants, and mandamus.    The vast network of transmission pipelines in this country are essentially ``out of sight, out of mind'' for most Americans. But when something goes wrong, these facilities can make themselves known in devastating and sometimes deadly ways. Over the last year, we have witnessed both 100,000 gallon crude oil spill into pristine coastline in Representative Capps' district in California and a massive gas storage facility leak in Los Angeles. The leak forced thousands of people from their homes for long periods of time and released 96,000 metric tons of methane into the atmosphere, the climate-damaging equivalent of burning 900 million gallons of gasoline.    My own district experienced the devastation of a pipeline failure in 1994 when a pipeline exploded in Edison, New Jersey, destroying about 300 homes. Yet, two decades and four reauthorizations later, the Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, or PHMSA, has made little progress in my opinion in securing the safety of our nation's pipeline infrastructure.    I hope that will soon change and I welcome the new Administrator Dominguez who I believe understands these concerns. It appears you and Secretary Fox are determined to bring positive change to this agency and I sincerely hope you succeed in your efforts to ensure the safety of our pipeline system. We look forward to helping you in any way that we can.    The discussion draft before us is a modest, but balanced starting point for that effort. The draft contains language to address regulation of underground gas storage facilities like Aliso Canyon in California that leaked methane for 5 months until just a week ago. However, I don't believe that it goes far enough and I hope the committee will consider adopting the stronger language of H.R. 4578, authored by Representative Brad Sherman, who represents the residents around this facility and lives in the neighborhood that experienced the most direct adverse effects of the leak.    I am encouraged that this draft includes language authored by Mr. Green that will allow us to finally begin a conversation about the need for PHMSA to have a direct power of authority. It is also critical that we provide the necessary tools--including funding--so the agency can attract the best and brightest inspectors and safety experts in order to carry out its responsibilities. We should also give the agency carefully crafted emergency order authority to ensure that PHMSA can address situations and facilities that pose a threat to life, property, and the environment. And we should remove barriers to PHMSA's success, such as the multiple layers of overly prescriptive risk assessment and cost benefit analysis that have hampered the agency's efforts to improve safety.    Finally, I am pleased that the draft contains a provision restoring the ability of the public to compel PHMSA to perform its nondiscretionary obligations. This provision is necessary to address an incorrect reading of the 2002 reauthorization by the Ninth Circuit. While I have great respect for the courts, it is clear to me that the Ninth Circuit's reading of the Pipeline Safety Act with regard to mandamus was just plain wrong. The law always contemplated mandamus-type suits to ensure PHMSA does its job. The mandamus language added to the statute in 2002, as part of the whistleblower protection provision, was always intended to be in addition to what was already in the statute not in lieu of the existing language as the court incorrectly stated. At our hearing last year, we all voiced frustration at PHMSA's inaction on a number of fronts. While I know Administrator Dominguez is trying to change this situation, it is still important for the public to have the ability to access the courts to ensure PHMSA is keeping our pipeline system safe.    And while I believe the discussion draft could be stronger, it is important to know that the last three pipeline safety and reauthorizations were truly bipartisan efforts that moved our nation forward on safety. Our committee has always produced the best and strongest pipeline safety legislation and I look forward to continuing to work with Chairman Upton, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, Representative Capps, and colleagues on both sides of the aisle to produce truly meaningful legislation that protects lives, property, and the environment while providing more certainty and reducing unnecessary burdens on industry.    So thank you again, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to ask a couple of questions of Mr. Weimer. In Ms. Dominguez' testimony, she requested that Congress give PHMSA emergency order authority. And PHMSA already has corrective action authority that allows it to direct a single operator to take action to protect life, property, and the environment. But as I understand it, emergency order authority would allow the secretary to take such action on an industry-wide basis. Seems like a common-sense tool for the agency to have. I am kind of shocked that they don't have it already.    Could you just please talk more about this request and specifically what would the benefits of emergency order authority be for communities to which pipelines are routed? For instance, between 2007 and '09, pipe was being produced for market that did meet industry standards. In your opinion, would this have been a situation in which emergency order authority would have been helpful, just as an example?    Mr. Pallone. All right, thank you. And then a second topic deals with the TAG grants. The Pipeline Safety Information Technical Assistant Grants are very important to me and a number of members. I think you know that the grants came into being as a compromise in 2002 after this committee reached an impasse on right-to-know language for pipeline inspection data. And I, for one, think we still need a strong right-to-know provision in law. If we have that, I think it would be appropriate to discuss changes to the TAG grant program. The fact is that we don't have the right to know in the statute, so we need these grants in order for communities to have access to the technical expertise and info they need to truly understand pipeline risks in their area.    A few minutes ago, my colleague, Mr. Mullin, raised some concerns about the TAG grants and I would like to give you a chance to respond to those concerns. First, does the Pipeline Safety Act allow TAG grants to be used for lobbying?    Mr. Pallone. So the answer is no, it can't be used for lobbying. It can't be used for litigation.    Mr. Pallone. Is there any evidence of a widespread abuse of TAG grants or do the majority of such grants go for useful, lawful purposes?    Mr. Pallone. My final question is by allowing communities to hire experts to obtain independent pipeline safety assessments, doesn't that help everyone, industry included, by ensuring that there is real, credible data out there on a pipeline? I mean that is what these TAG grants are all about, right?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thanks a lot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.