    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Issa. And to the Members of the Committee, and the gentlelady witness with the seven men that have accompanied her here today. We welcome you and the interested citizens that join us for this discussion here in the Judiciary Committee.    The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, ICANN, is a private-sector, non-profit corporation started in 1998 to promote competition and to develop policy on the Internet's unique identifiers. The pending transition of key domain functions from United States stewardship to the global, multi-stakeholder community presents, of course, several new issues.    Most importantly, ICANN and other stakeholders must abide by their contractual provisions to prohibit the use of domain names for the pirating of copyrighted material and other illegal activity. As many of you know, this Committee is deeply committed to addressing the problems of copyright and trademark infringement.    Thus, from our perspective, it is critical that ICANN help prevent piracy and other unlawful conduct by both registrars and registrants. And to this end, ICANN prohibits registrants from engaging in unlawful conduct. In fact, ICANN released its Register Accreditation Agreement in 2013 which requires registrars to prevent abusive uses of registered domain names.    Yet, there are reports that registrars are ignoring their obligations to deter online theft of copyrighted material, among other concerns. And worse, there are reports that ICANN is not enforcing the registrars' contractual obligations. This raises concerns about ICANN and Internet governance.    Accordingly, I would like the distinguished witnesses to explain how ICANN and stakeholders can better respond to concerns about piracy and other illegal conduct, and how Congress can hold ICANN accountable.    This leads to the next consideration. The National Telecommunications and Information Administration must adhere to its core guiding principles to ensure the security, protection, openness and stability of the network to complete the transition. The United States has long supported transitioning key Internet domain name functions to global multi-stakeholder communities. In fact, the House and Senate, on a bipartisan basis in the last Congress, clearly stated their support for a private, multi-stakeholder model of Internet governance.    Nevertheless, any proposal for transition of the domain name system must meet certain core principles before it can be approved and finalized by the NTIA. These principles ensure that the United States will succeed in maintaining freedom, protections, openness, security and stability of the network. Adhering to these principles would build much-needed public support for the transition, and it would make it easier to receive our approval.    Finally, we must ensure that NTIA abides by its commitment to facilitate a truly effective transition. The process should continue to be open and transparent and can confirm ICANN's accountability through core values and bylaws, and it should obtain international stakeholder consensus and support.    So the hearing today should be the first of a number of oversight activities that our Committee conducts throughout the remainder of the transition process. Further hearings would allow stakeholders to update us on the transition and provide us with an opportunity to hear concerns. These hearings will also allow us to examine whether further safeguards are necessary.    Accordingly, I thank the Chairman for holding today's hearings, and I look forward to hearing from this rather large number of witnesses. Thank you.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to follow up on a Nadler-type question, which I would start off with Mr. Metalitz. We have discussed something about the obligations on registrars and ICANN. Now, in your view, are the registrars meeting these obligations, and is ICANN enforcing them sufficiently?    Mr. Conyers. Mr. Horton, do you concur with that view? Turn on your mic.    Mr. Conyers. Ms. Stark, how do you weigh in on this question?    Mr. Conyers. Now, Mr. Zuck, you are on ICANN's IP working group. How does your experience stack up to the other contributions that have been made thus far?    Mr. Conyers. What other suggestions or experience would you like to make on this subject?    Mr. Conyers. Gosh.    Mr. Conyers. Yes, sir.    Mr. Conyers. I see that Mr. Horton concurs with that view.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you all very much.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.