    Mr. McClintock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, let me ask the question. Does Congress have the authority to change bankruptcy law or to take portions of bankruptcy law and apply it in this case?    Mr. McClintock. OK. And does it also have the authority to alter bankruptcy law as it applies to states?    Mr. McClintock. Yes.    Mr. McClintock. But the oversight board, though, I think is irrelevant to the principal point that we are altering the laws under which these loans were made to creditors. We are rewriting these laws for Puerto Rico, and if it can rewrite these laws for Puerto Rico, the concern arises, why wouldn't it then also rewrite them for states?    My concern is that every lender to every state in this country is no longer going to trust the terms of their own loans, and if those terms are not stable and reliable, interest rates will rise for every state in this country, and taxpayers are going to end up shouldering that burden through paying much higher interest costs. These are the concerns that are being expressed by a number of state governors with respect to the ramifications of this bill.    The argument I hear is: this is apples and oranges. Puerto Rico is a territory subject to congressional oversight, and states are not.    But the applicability of bankruptcy law can affect states, and Congress can rewrite bankruptcy law, whether for territories or for states, and this introduces a very, very dangerous precedent into a public borrowing.    It seems to me that, under the status quo, both sides have an incentive to negotiate mutually agreeable terms. If we were to simply honor the rule of law and maintain the terms in which these loans were originally made, first, I think it would be a very powerful signal to bond markets that the United States stands by its promises, even when it is inconvenient. Until the prospect of this congressional action arose, my understanding is Puerto Rico was negotiating terms of debt restructuring with the mutual consent of their creditors, and under current law, it is in the interest of both sides, the debtor and the creditor, to work out the terms with which both can live to restructure and repay this debt.    And I think it is also within the interests of the people of Puerto Rico to hold accountable the elected officials that got them into this mess, not an unelected and unaccountable oversight board.    Mr. McClintock. My time is very limited. I think the structure on that oversight board, it seems to me that it violates, indeed it renounces the most basic architecture of American constitutional government where the Founders meticulously divided and separated the powers of government. This board recombines them. And where the American Founders meticulously established a system where their government was accountable and with the consent of the people, this establishes an oversight board that is not accountable to the people of Puerto Rico.    And I think the great tragedy is this: Puerto Rico is an island paradise. It is a cruise ship destination. It is ideally located for both North and South Atlantic shipping. It has an ideal climate for agriculture. It is part of the United States. It has all of the protections of property rights and the rule of law and due process. The only thing that it lacks is wise public policy.    It seems to me that the direction we should be taking is relieving Puerto Rico of the burdens of the Jones Act, a panoply of regulatory burdens that are crushing the economy and providing the option for Puerto Rican companies to be taxed territorially. These reforms could turn Puerto Rico into the Hong Kong of the Caribbean, and that is the direction we ought to be taking: maintain the rule of law and restore free markets to Puerto Rico.    The Chairman. Mrs. Torres, you are next.