    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You are a man of your word. Thank you for holding this hearing. You are a great advocate for kids and have spent a career as an advocate for educational choice opportunities.    Ms. Merriweather, I am moved by your story. As somebody who has worked very hard on these issues in Indiana before my time in Congress, I have talked to hundreds of people who have a story just like yours. It is part of why I have so much passion for this issue.    You know, there are several reasons that I am so passionate about school choice. Part of it is I believe it is the civil rights issue of our time. It gets to the essence of the American idea, this idea in the second paragraph of the Declaration of Independence, that we all are endowed by our creator with the right to pursue happiness. In modern life, we take that as your opportunity to live the American dream. To have that dream a reality in modern America, it all starts with an education.    Secondly, I am passionate about this because, you know, there is a lot in this debate that is complicated, but there are some things that are not very complicated. To me, what is not very complicated is this: if we want to determine what the best option is for a child, we ought to ask their parents. The best way to determine what is the best path for a child's future is to let that parent decide what is the best option for them.    I have seen in Indiana what happens when those options open up. In Indiana, we now have 200,000 families, 200,000 kids, who are taking advantage of educational opportunities through vouchers, through charters, through public school choice opportunities, virtual school, and the like.    It is amazing, as Mr. Bryan talked about, as he has seen in North Carolina. When the families come--each year, we have a rally at our state house where thousands of families show up. They are part of this program and advocating for it to continue in the future. Those families are a mosaic of our state. Every race, color, and creed, religion, economic background, all just looking for an opportunity to have their shot at the American dream.    You know, today's conversation will no doubt talk about a lot of the complexities that come with providing educational opportunities for kids in America, what is the appropriate role of the Federal Government, what's the pitfalls, philosophical concerns.    All that debate is legitimate; right? We all need to remember as we work through that debate that as we wait, as we frankly dither, millions of kids in this country are going to go to a school today where they do not really have a chance to succeed, and we can do better. We can make sure that every kid in America has a chance.    So now, with that, and again I appreciate the chairman giving me the opportunity to start here, you know, it is interesting as we talk about statistics, one of the things that has changed as this movement, as Mr. Robinson talked about, has evolved, is the popularity of these programs.    A recent poll came out, released just a few days ago, by the Beck Research and the American Federation for Children, and it says choice programs, educational choice are favored, 74 percent of parents favor these options, 23 percent oppose. Seventy-six percent of African Americans favor, 20 oppose. Seventy-six percent of Latino's favor, 21 oppose. Millennials now, 75 percent favor.    Mr. Robinson, could you talk a little, why do you think these programs--why do you think parents support school choice?    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to today's debate.    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the debate we have had today. I think it has been very enlightening.    Every time I am back in my district, I try to go to a local public school. I try to visit charter and alternative schools all around the country. I have had the opportunity to go to the BASIS School here in Washington, D.C., which is an amazing school where at the junior high level or middle school level, kids are taking Latin, chemistry, biology, physics, and in 7th grade they are doing a second language.    Contrary to some of the testimony by some folks across on your side of the dais today, they are taking kids from every zip code in the District of Columbia in that school.    Ms. Merriweather, I was going to turn to you because when I have had a chance to meet with these amazing kids, they asked a series of very tough questions of the congressman who was there, but their first question was this: why cannot every kid in Washington, D.C. have the same opportunity I have here at     Maybe I will just ask you to talk a little bit. You have given amazing testimony about the opportunity that came to you. What are your thoughts about whether everybody ought to have those same kind of chances?    Mr. Messer. Yes. Thank you very much. Mr. Robinson, I think it is important as we talk about framing school choice and what the appropriate federal role might be to recognize that over 80 percent of the education dollars spent in our country are not federal dollars. It is somewhere south of 20 percent that is being funded by the Federal Government, and probably the biggest pool of that is Title I dollars, and I think that is roughly $15 billion, right?    Could you comment just a little, one, about how effectively we are using Title I dollars today, and maybe expand upon, you made the suggestion that we could look at using those dollars, with what I would consider the ultimate local control, allowing it to be portable and for parents to decide how that money would be spent.    Mr. Messer. Thank you, appreciate your testimony.