    Mr. Huelskamp. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will try to arrive at that time again in the future. This is pretty quick. And I apologize for being late. There was another Subcommittee hearing. And if I repeat some questions, hopefully it still provides some insight.    But yesterday, I visited with, I do not remember whatever deputy under secretary it was, said that we were going to see some changes, and paying before a paper claim would be required, and some changes there. Doctor, can you describe that a little bit more? It was a short part of the discussion in my questions yesterday.    Mr. Huelskamp. I appreciate that, and it was in less than two weeks? Is that the frame that--    Mr. Huelskamp. Okay. Okay. And if Choice was made permanent rather than a pilot program--which some in the VA still approach it that way. The Secretary has said he would like to see it made permanent and hopefully we can do that this year. Does that change that? Is that part of the reason that you want to have those records back? Describe that a little more if you would, doctor, from that perspective.    Mr. Huelskamp. So again, you think it is a barrier in the law and the contract?    Mr. Huelskamp. And who made that request, though? The VA would make that request? I mean, I doubt the providers made that request. That was a VA request, is that correct?    Mr. Huelskamp. Describe though why the VA wanted those records back?    Mr. Huelskamp. Yes.    Mr. Huelskamp. Yes, absolutely. And I appreciate that. And fixing that, you know, I have 70 community hospitals in my congressional district. I think as of two weeks ago, we were up to all those hospitals, plus another 1,300 providers. And they would like to continue, and add on. But their goodwill is not going to run forever. And so we have got to fix that, and this looks like the worst payer in the whole system is the VA. And I will be meeting with some of them next week and would be happy to say, hey, we are going to fix that. In two weeks we will have some changes.    One thing though I want to point out that I thought was astounding was page 21 of written testimony. It said that processing centers still require providers to use fax machines to place inquiries about the status of their claims. When are you going to get past the fax machine?    Mr. Huelskamp. Yes. You might actually send their bonuses by fax, and see how that would work, doctor. But so when will the fax machine be obsolete at the VA? I mean, when is this going to happen? I understand.    Mr. Huelskamp. I mean, all joking aside, I mean, this looks silly. And if we cannot move past that, we have got some deeper problems, IT problems. Doctor, so when are we going to have customer service that reflects the 21st Century then?    Mr. Huelskamp. Absolutely.    Mr. Huelskamp. Oh my.    Mr. Huelskamp. Okay.    Mr. Huelskamp. Yes. And thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will say it is not evolutionary. This is a revolutionary change to the VA. And that is what I hope Choice does. And for my district it is, and everyone varies but--    Mr. Huelskamp. That could be considered revolutionary in some parts. So thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.