    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me just clear up some things that, Mr. Chairman, you volunteered some statistics on how many gun laws we have. That's exactly why we're asking for a hearing. This Committee could do great things. We had a hearing on GSA's failure to meet the needs of the judiciary, which was the cost of courthouses, building of courthouses in Members' districts. So we really could do big things. But we waste it on things like this.    And my colleague on the other side said what he resents. I resent a whole bunch of stuff. And if people say you oppose women--I didn't say it--but that's between you and women. But I won't have is you saying that Planned Parenthood may or may not have donated to someone affects their positions on choice and other things because I think people make those decisions long before they get to Congress.    The other thing I would say is that the hypocrisy in the room is unbelievable. This year in the State of the Union, the President mentioned that abortions were at an all-time low, which I would think is our goal. Everybody in the room, the goal is to get to zero. The President announces it's at an all-time low, not one person on the Republican side stood up or cheered.    There's a bunch of ways we can try to get to zero. You can try it by doing a law. The rich will fly out of the country and still have them. The poor will go in the alleys and risk their lives so that they can have them.    Or we can still invest in prenatal care, paid parental leave, investing in our foster care system, raising the minimum wage so that women can raise a child. We can do all of those things.    But we're not because we're so stuck on saying that I'm pro-life. Yeah, until the baby is born. And then when the baby is born, you're like: You're on your own. We're not going to help you do anything.    So if we're going to have a conversation and if it's about Roe v. Wade, well, we can't do anything about it. As much as the other side would like to be the President and tell him how to handle immigration, Benghazi, and all those other things, you're not the President. As much as you would like the Court to overturn Roe v. Wade, none of you are on the Supreme Court. But you're able to run for President. And you're able to express an interest in the Supreme Court.    But we in Congress have a bunch of things that we could be working on and having meaningful hearings to figure out how we get to the ultimate decision or ultimate desire that we want. And if it's zero abortions, then let's talk about how we get there. But you know you're not going to overturn Roe v. Wade.    So I just hate that we've come here and we drag witnesses here and put them in the position of testifying on things that they can't control just so we can do messaging. And that is the problem in this country. When we could be actually trying to accomplish something.    And we keep talking about Benghazi. I'm okay with letting the facts play out how they'll play out because I think it is important for the American people to see how government works. And when there's something wrong, you figure out what went wrong and you try to fix it. But it's too often we try to play gotcha moments when there are no gotcha moments. Instead of being respectful for the deceased, the people who gave their life for this country, and trying to figure out how we prevent things like that from happening again.    So, you know, let me just say, and I'll ask Ms. Stoltenberg, since I do have a minute, do you think that if the law just said you can't have an abortion, that we would go to zero abortions?    Mr. Richmond. Do you think the law of the land would have made a decision on your decision? If it was illegal then, do you think it would have made a difference in your decision?    Mr. Richmond. But you do agree some women would, would still have it, even though--if Roe v. Wade was reversed, you agree that some women would still have them in back alleys?    Mr. Richmond. Yes.    Mr. Richmond. And the rich would still fly out of the country and have them in other places?    Mr. Richmond. Mr. Chairman, I see my time has expired. So I yield back.