    Mr. Salmon. Good morning. The subcommittee will come to order. I would like to thank our distinguished witnesses, Assistant Secretary Nisha Biswal and Assistant Administrator Jonathan Stivers for coming here this morning. Thank you very much.    This hearing was called to assess the Fiscal Year 2016 State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development budget requests for the South Asia region. Today I would like to focus on how U.S. funds support the health of South Asia's democratic institutions, the strength of economic development in the region, and the management of the latent security concerns.    The relationship between the United States and countries in South Asia concerning those issues is very ripe for cooperation. Robust relations with South Asian countries would significantly bolster our rebalance to Asia. However, the region also faces some significant economic, security and human rights challenges.    To start, Bangladesh continues to face severe political challenges with in-fighting between Bangladesh National Party and the Awami League which has begun to impede on development and citizens' livelihoods. India must address development challenges for a significant part of its population with over 300 million Indians still living without electricity.    During our trip to India, the Prime Minister was noted for saying let us build toilets instead of temples, showing what a serious development it is in that region of the world. There is about a quarter of the Indian population that don't have electricity. The Maldives is increasingly a hub for foreign fighters and religious extremism, yet the issue goes unnoticed.    The United States uses limited resources to assist South Asian nations, facilitating their democratic infrastructure and economic development. Despite the region's shifting geopolitical landscape, increasingly complex security outlook, lingering human rights issues and enduring obstacles in development, U.S. foreign assistance in South Asia has actually fallen by 48 percent, from $2.2 billion to $1.1 billion not including food aid between Fiscal Year 2012 and the requested budget for 2016. I implore our distinguished witnesses to explain whether the United States is doing enough and whether our limited funding to the region could be better utilized.    The administration requested $168 million for assistance in Bangladesh in Fiscal Year 2015 and the request for Fiscal Year 2016 is $172 million, an almost 2.5 percent increase. The vast majority of our aid dollars go to Bangladesh yet we see little improvement in living and working conditions, especially in the provision of social services. I worry that the instability caused from the rivalry between the two major political parties has disrupted our aid efforts. I hope that Assistant Secretary Biswal and Assistant Administrator Stivers will be able to explain how our contributions would be best used in Bangladesh.    India is a country of vast opportunity for collaboration on development, trade and defense. It is the world's largest democracy and it is indeed an increasingly important partner in maintaining regional peace and stability.    I visited, as I mentioned, India earlier this month and I was really, really impressed with many of the reforms that are being spoken of by the Prime Minister, and I am very hopeful that things in India will significantly improve and it will be a much more robust economy. Of course they have to have a lot larger growth rate to accommodate the, what is it, about 1 million new jobs a month? Pretty significant. I look forward to staying extremely engaged with India as the country continues to pursue their aggressive agenda of economic and infrastructure development.    I am concerned however about the treatment of women and minorities. In particular I am concerned that the government has been suppressing discourse about women's rights. The Indian Government was reported to have censored a BBC documentary about the gang rape of a 23-year-old Delhi woman. It is particularly disturbing to our principles of free speech and women's rights. I would like to know whether our administration has brought this up with the Indian Government. That was quite a topic of conversation while we were there. I believe it was called ``India's Daughter.''    There is not enough attention paid to the Maldives, a democratic nation of many small islands but one that sits in the middle of key shipping lanes in the region. While maritime traffic flows past the Maldivian islands, maritime security is of major concern due to political threats posed by narcotics trafficking, piracy in the Indian Ocean and potential seaborne terrorist activity.    Further reports of growing extremism greatly concern me. Why are the Maldive's serving as a hub for the recruitment of religious extremists? How are we addressing these grave concerns to our international stability and our national security?    The newly elected Sri Lankan President Sirisena recently stated he will revisit deals signed with China by his predecessor President Rajapaksa. With increased trade and investment between the two countries, Sri Lanka risks being wooed by China through major investment and infrastructure construction initiatives. I would like to know what we can do to ensure that Sri Lanka does not become dependent on China for development and what we can do to assist the new government in addressing domestic, economic and development challenges. The requested budget must focus on promoting more democratic and accountable governance, promoting sustainable economic development and opportunities for trade and commerce in the region.    Other countries, Bhutan and Nepal, are also extremely important to our efforts in South Asia and I hope today's witnesses will be able to address them as well. I look forward to hearing from our distinguished witnesses this afternoon, and I now yield to Mr. Sherman, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for his opening remarks.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly, did you have an opening statement?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Meng, did you have a statement?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Bera, did you have some comments?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Gabbard, did you have some comments?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. And before I introduce the panelists I would like to acknowledge the Ambassador from Bangladesh Mohammad Ziauddin, wonderful to have you here today, sir.    I would like to introduce our two distinguished panelists. First of all, Assistant Secretary Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs Nisha Biswal was sworn in as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs on October 21st, 2013. Prior to this she served from September 2010 as Assistant Administrator for Asia at USAID where she oversaw $1.2 billion in assistance to 22 countries from Central Asia to the Pacific Islands and managed a bureau and overseas staff of over 1,200 development professionals.    She has served as the majority clerk for the House Appropriations Committee Foreign Operations Subcommittee and professional staff in the House Foreign Affairs Committee where she was responsible for South Asia. So it is wonderful to have you.    And that is what the threat of commonality is because our next panelist Jonathan Stivers currently serves as the USAID Assistant Administrator of the Asia Bureau and oversees a budget of over $1.8 billion in assistance to 32 countries in South Asia, Central Asia, East Asia and Pacific Islands and manages a bureau and overseas staff of approximately 1,200 development professionals, and prior to that he served as senior advisor to the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi.    And we are just thrilled to have you both on that side of the table today and very interested in everything that you have to say. And we will start with you, Ms. Biswal.    Mr. Salmon. Without objection.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Stivers?    Mr. Salmon. Without objection.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. Time for our questions. I would like to direct my first question to Ms. Biswal. When we were on the codel a couple weeks ago to India, the potential of a bilateral investment treaty was one that dominated a lot of our conversations with the Prime Minister himself, some of his cabinet members as well as some of our American business folks over there.    What are the prospects for that? What is the time frame? What are the impediments and how do we move past it? And along that same line, one of the other issues that came up was President Modi's ``Made in India'' campaign and how it potentially disadvantages U.S. businesses that want to invest in India. And I have heard of some American companies such as Amazon who have been unfairly disadvantaged in getting market access in the country. Are we looking into any arbitration options or alternatives for the region?    And then my last question is also kind of economically related. It is both economically and environmentally related. But we were told while we were in Delhi that it is the most polluted city in the world surpassing even Beijing. And I am wondering, is there any strong ideas about exporting our abundant LNG here from our country potentially to India both as a way of helping them economically and getting good clean energy to deal with both their economic growth needs as well as their environmental and our environmental concerns with them? So could you address those three issues for me.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly?    Mr. Salmon. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Meng?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Bera?    Mr. Salmon. I thank both Ms. Biswal and Mr. Stivers for coming and doing a very, very good job expressing the priorities, and we really appreciate your willingness to work closely with us as we try to conduct one of our most important functions and that is oversight. So thank you very, very much, and it is great to see that people move from here and go on to the other branch to live very successful careers. So thank you.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. This hearing is now concluded. Thank you.