    Ms. Alexander. Thank you, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen and Ranking Member Deutch, members of the subcommittee. We appreciate the opportunity to be up here to talk about the President's Fiscal Year 2017 budget.    The region is faced with complex challenges driven by deep political divides, economic and social forces. It is critical that the U.S. maintain its engagement and interest in this region. Conflict and the resulting humanitarian and refugee crisis have significantly compounded the challenges. These conflicts have cut economic output in Syria by 30 percent. The influx of refugees has lowered wages in some of the most vulnerable host communities. And most alarming is 13 million children are out of school due to this conflict.    It may be useful to think of USAID's response in three critical areas: Mitigating the human impact of ongoing conflicts, supporting core U.S. national security objectives, and fostering inclusive development and reform opportunities as they arise. My statement for the record includes more details of AID's priorities, but I wanted to go through a few here.    Serious development challenges and indicators show a rollback of nearly four decades due to the conflict. In addition to the U.S. remaining the world's largest donor of humanitarian assistance for the Syrian conflict, the President's budget will request continued American people's support for the development needs within Syria as well as critical support for Syria's neighbors.    The crisis has placed an enormous strain on the neighbors, many neighboring countries, including our ally Jordan. We continue our six-decade partnership with Jordan to address the development challenges, including low economic growth, overcrowded schools, and scarce water resources.    NBC Nightly News recently did a story about a school principal in Jordan who was trying to talk about the overcrowding in her school and that Syrian parents continued to come and ask that their children be allowed in. She offered that they could come if they just brought a chair. We work with this principal and thousands of other educators like her to make sure that we are providing these services.    In Lebanon, some estimates say that one out of every three people is a refugee. The President's request would support the Lebanese communities hosting refugees, helping them provide basic services like education, water, infrastructure, and support municipalities and civil societies, as well as job creation and economic growth activities.    For Iraq, the President's 2017 request includes an increase of funding to help address the grave economic challenges that they are facing. We will also work with Baghdad and the local governments in support of decentralization efforts. Our support will ease the burden of Iraq's fiscal crisis as it struggles to defeat ISIL and stabilize liberated areas.    The U.S. Government and the American people have a longstanding relationship with Egypt and the Egyptian people. USAID continues to work in partnership with the Egyptian people, but we remain deeply concerned about the restrictions in space for civil society and the reported investigations in NGOs by the Government of Egypt. USAID and the State Department continue to engage with our Egyptian counterparts on this issue.    Given the current challenging environment, AID continues to focus its programs in areas where we believe we can achieve results. In the West Bank and Gaza, U.S. assistance to Palestinian people is a key part of the U.S. commitment to negotiate a two-state solution. Our assistance contributes to building a more democratic, stable, prosperous, and secure Palestinian society, a goal that is in the interest not only of the Palestinian, but of Israel and the United States as well.    For Fiscal Year 2017, we will promote stability in the West Bank by improving service provision and healthcare, education, water, and roads, while also supporting the private sector and civil society. In Gaza, we will provide needed humanitarian assistance while at the same time addressing pressing needs, particularly in the water sector.    As the peace process proceeds in Yemen and the security environment allows, USAID will provide the expertise to support the negotiation process while supporting civil society and the inclusion of women and youth.    In Libya, the 2017 funding will support the Government of National Accord and deliver targeted assistance to support a stable political transition.    Where we are able to in the region, we aim to help our local partners address frustrations brought on the people in the streets 5 years ago. In Morocco, USAID is well-positioned to advance the country's critical economic and social reforms.    Among those who benefit from our programs were to teenaged boys in northern Morocco who were planning to head to Syria and stopped in first at a USAID-supported youth organization. A trained youth officer was able to convince them of an alternate path, setting them up, instead, with jobs at a local construction company.    Before I conclude, I would like to speak about Tunisia, which has been relatively successful in its transition, but still needs our support. Tunisia is the only country from the 2011 Arab Awakening that has defined a path toward democracy. The President's 2017 request will provide additional resources to support Tunisia as it consolidates these gains, including expanding economic and governance partnerships between the U.S. and Tunisia.    AID's efforts in Tunisia have created nearly 4,000 sustainable private sector jobs last year, and we expect our interventions will result in more than 5,000 additional jobs this year.    We face significant challenges in the Middle East and North Africa, but the American people can be proud that, through USAID and with the support of Congress, we are helping millions of people in the region, whether it is the girl at the STEM school in Egypt who has conquered intel science or whether it is the teacher and the principal in Jordan who have invited other Syrian children into her classroom. These are some of the concrete examples of our programs.    I am proud of the innovative work that we have been doing to meet the many challenges of the region, and we will continue to work better, smarter, and faster to support the people of the Middle East and North Africa on behalf of the American people.    Thank you for your support, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Alexander. We have worked very closely with Minister Abu Saab, and we are meeting with him again this week. My colleague signed an MOU with him last week.    Ms. Alexander. That is the $41 million for the basic education program. And this program is going to address needs for first- through fourth-graders to give them access to basic education and early grade reading. This is going to affect over 100,000 or over 10,000 children.    Ms. Alexander. It is conventional education. But, at the same time, as you had asked in your opening statement as well, we are talking to the minister about verification or certification of being able to take students who have been out of school and get them back into formal education through non-formal education programs. This is a very important part because, as I stated, there are 13 million children out of school because of this crisis. Those that are in Lebanon and Jordan are both suffering. Without non-formal education, you can't have a student who left school as a 9-year-old to go back to school as a 15-year-old. They need something in between, and they need to get back into the system.    Ms. Alexander. Thank you. I would be happy to follow up with you.    We are actually in the process right now of a co-creation with a number of organizations that do non-formal education and informal education to look at what some of the best practices are worldwide in trying to bring education to populations like this. And we would be happy to follow up with you.