    Mr. Jordan. I thank the chairman.    Ms. Howard, you had an exchange earlier--I apologize, I couldn't be here--but you had an exchange with the chairman where you referenced a special project team that was created to deal with requests for information concerning the targeting and a former employee at the Internal Revenue Service, Lois Lerner. I just had some basic questions. When did the special project team start?    Mr. Jordan. About 2 years ago, okay, a little over 2 years. And that was the reason why, to deal with requests from Congress? Or was it also requests from outside folks, people like we heard from yesterday, who represented groups who had been targeted, was it to deal with that as well?    Mr. Jordan. And was that unusual, for the IRS to do such a thing, to create such an entity?    Mr. Jordan. So it is not unusual for them to put together a special team?    Mr. Jordan. Are they called special teams? I mean, I am using the words you----    Mr. Jordan. I'm just using what you said, special project team.    Mr. Jordan. Okay. And who was on that team?    Mr. Jordan. You can't tell us who was on it?    Mr. Jordan. Okay, I'm going to me stop you there. You mentioned chief counsel. So was the Chief Counsel at the Internal Revenue Service part of the special project team created shortly after it became known that there was targeting going on approximately 2 years ago?    Mr. Jordan. Well, I mean, we will do that. Is it your assumption or do you believe--you're the one who brought up special counsel both in your response to Mr. Chaffetz earlier--not special counsel, but chief counsel. Do you think the Chief Counsel was part of the team?    Mr. Jordan. All right. And you were asked by the chairman earlier about do you have any interaction with the White House before you release information, and I am quoting from your response. ``To the extent that I have been involved in responses to Congress or to FOIA, we have never shared information with the White House.'' Accurate? That was your response?    Mr. Jordan. You go on to say in that same answer to the chairman: ``I can't speak for the entire IRS. That would be a question for the Chief Counsel or the Commissioner. I can simply speak for the Disclosure Office in FOIA progress. We do not interact with the White House.''    Do you know if the special project team that was put together, gathering all this information, most likely had the Chief Counsel on it, do you know if they were checking with the White House before they gave information to Congress and/or other FOIA requests?    Mr. Jordan. Do you think it's likely that the Chief Counsel talked with the White House before he gave the information to Congress?    Mr. Jordan. You think it's unlikely. Well, that would be in direction contradiction to the memo sent to every chief counsel back when this administration first started, April 15, 2009: ``The need to consult with the White House arises with respect to all types of document requests, including congressional committee requests, GAO requests, judicial subpoenas, and FOIA requests.''    So we have this memo from Greg Craig to all chief counsels. You're telling me it's likely the Chief Counsel of the IRS was part of this special project team created just to deal with requests about the targeting and Lois Lerner. And then you're saying you think it's unlikely that they actually checked with the White House, which would be a direct contradiction to what they were told to do by the White House Chief Counsel.    Mr. Jordan. You don't think the White House has an interest in knowing about information related to the Internal Revenue Service targeting people? You don't think they have an interest in that? Equities is an interest, right? They have an interest in that. This is all document requests that may involve--may involve--White House interests. That's pretty broad.    And then the next paragraph gives clarification of that and says congressional committee requests, which you said is the reason the special project team was created, not to mention GAO requests, judicial responses, and FOIA requests.    So I would say if the Chief Counsel, who is most likely part of this special project team, which is something I think we are going to find out, and the chairman will be pushing for that, if he is likely part of this special project team, he wouldn't be following the memo if he wasn't consulting with the White House. Do you agree?    Mr. Jordan. Well, I'm out of time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.