    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to highlight the stories of two families from my district. The Brock family, Lisa and Bob, from Rolling Meadows have an 8-year-old son Brian who was diagnosed with severe food allergies before he turned 1. Lisa carried an EpiPen for 5 years, and one day Brian ate something and began foaming at the mouth and vomiting and her nightmare come true. When he came home from the hospital, he told his mom: ``Mom, I don't want to die.'' Even at 5 years old, Brian knew how serious his body's reaction was. He knew his throat was closing. On this occasion, an EpiPen saved his life.    Then there's Michele Hanson from Schaumburg, Illinois. She is deeply concerned about Mylan's skyrocketing prices. Her husband Mark and her 7-year-old daughter both have life-threatening peanut allergies. So, as a result, their family has to ensure they have two auto-injectors at school, camp, each set of grandparents' homes and mom's purse. The Hanson family knows what it's like to depend on this small device for the safety of their family, and that's why Michelle took the time to write to me and urge me to do everything in my power to ensure everyone, even those less fortunate, can protect their children with the same level of care.    The Brock and Hanson families are lucky; they have good insurance. But, like Lisa shared with me, we don't know we'll always be in this position, and one day they may not be able to afford the EpiPen, whose prices keep going higher and higher. And I agree with Lisa and Michelle. Even a single life lost due to lack of access and affordability to this drug is one life too many.    Now, Ms. Bresch, I'm going to ask you to keep your answers short. I'm going to ask you yes-or-no answers or short one-word answers. Please don't try to filibuster and run up my time. So I need you to answer yes or no.    Earlier, you said that EpiPen has given out over 700,000 EpiPens--Mylan has given out over 700,000 EpiPens to schools across the Nation. Is that correct?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. Mylan also offers schools discounted EpiPens through your EpiPens4Schools program. Is that correct?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. So this is particularly important in Illinois, States like Illinois that have laws that require schools to stock epinephrine auto-injectors. In fact, this is a program in schools that your own mother was instrumental in getting States to adopt in her capacity as the president of the National Association of State Boards of Education.    So we can better understand the scope of this program, from August '12 through May '16--May of 2016, approximately how many schools signed certification forms purchasing discounted EpiPens at a price of $112.10 per carton?    Ms. Duckworth. So how many schools have done this?    Ms. Duckworth. So 45,000 schools?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. How many schools? So answer my question.    Ms. Duckworth. So, as CEO of Mylan, you don't know. You just quoted a number of how many schools you had given them to and how many schools you had not given to and that you wanted to get them to all of these other schools, but you can't tell me how many schools have actually bought EpiPens from you under this program that you are so proud of?    Ms. Duckworth. So I'm also not as concerned about your profit making. I believe in the free market. What I am concerned about is your monopolistic practices.    And so there's a little confusion in public reporting. Could you simply confirm, yes or no, whether schools that purchased discounted EpiPens had to make any representation and warrants to Mylan that they would adhere to certain conditions in order to access the discount price that you give them?    Ms. Duckworth. No, no. The schools that are trying to get the discounted price from you, did they have to certify or make any representations or warrants to Mylan that they would adhere to certain conditions in order to get that price?    Ms. Duckworth. I'm not talking about the free EpiPen. So I'm holding here--and, Mr. Chairman, I'd like this entered into the record and please pull this up.    Ms. Duckworth. It's a certification form. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It's a certification form where EpiPen--where Mylan has actually said that the school hereby certifies that it will not in the next 12 months purchase any products that are competitive to EpiPen auto-injectors.    So you actually put into practice forcing schools--and you are so concerned about these kids that you actually are limiting the school's ability to buy pens from someone else. And so you're saying here: ``We'll sell it to you for 100 bucks. We've raised the price to $600. If you want it for the 100 buck price that it used to be at, you need to sign this and say that you can't buy this from anybody else.'' Don't answer. I'm not asking you a question. That's what you've done here.    Ms. Duckworth. But if they wanted to get this price.    Ms. Duckworth. The heavily discounted price is $112.10, which is where it was before you jacked up the price to $600. So it's not a discounted price; it's only discounted because you raised the price on them, and then you say: ``Oh, you want it at the old price before we jacked it up for profit; here, you need to sign this and say you will not buy this from anybody else.'' Don't answer. I'm not asking you a question. This is what you have done. Your own document says it.    Ms. Duckworth. That's right. You don't have to buy them. But your own mother is out there lobbying to make sure that they're in all the schools. And this article says that many members of the board at the NASBE didn't even know that there was a family connection between you and your--between Mylan and your mom through you, as she was out there trying to--passing out your guide from Mylan, as she was out there talking to school boards, as she was pushing for these EpiPens to be put into school districts. And then they can't buy it for a lower price, because----    Ms. Duckworth. --you control 94 percent of the market. And then you tell schools: ``You want it at the old price? Sorry, you can't buy it at the old price unless you promise not to buy it from anyone else.'' That, to me, is an unfair monopoly.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.