    Mr. Rogers. Chairman Curbelo, Ranking Member Meng, and members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today about the impacts of citrus greening on Florida's citrus industry.    My name is Michael Rogers, and I am an associate professor of entomology at the University of Florida where I serve as interim director of the Citrus Research and Education Center. And Citrus greening disease is caused by a bacterium that is spread tree to tree by an insect known as the Asian Citrus Psyllid. When a psyllid carrying the bacteria feeds on a citrus tree, it injects the disease-causing bacteria which destroys the vascular system, causing a prolonged and slow death of the tree. Long before the trees completely succumb to the disease, citrus fruit are reduced in size and quality, making them unusable for juice or as for fresh fruit. After a tree has been infected for several years, the trees can no longer hold the fruit on the tree, and most of the potentially harvestable fruit that growers have spend thousands of dollars per acre to grow, drop prematurely from the tree to the ground before it is ready to be picked.    Since 2005, greening has spread to every grove in Florida, infecting most, if not all, of the fruit-bearing trees to date. As a result, the 2015 orange harvest is predicted to be 96.4 million boxes, and this is down from 240 million boxes in 2003, and is the smallest Florida orange crop since 1966.    The future is uncertain for the Florida citrus industry and the 62,000 jobs that it supports. While there are many potential research solutions being developed that hold promise, putting that ultimate answer in the hands of growers is still years away. If we had a citrus tree today that we knew for certain was resistant to this disease, it would take 2 to 3 years to scale up commercial nursery production of that resistant tree for purchase by growers. Once a grower is able to actually plant that disease-resistant tree, it will take at least 4 years for those trees to begin producing a harvestable crop, and additional years beyond that time to recover the cost required to grow the tree up to that point. This is a really discouraging prospect for the small citrus grower who currently is just struggling to stay in business.    However, there are exciting new potential solutions for living with this disease, at least in the short term. These include new citrus varieties that have increased tolerance to the disease, use of heat treatments to kill the bacteria in the plant, thus extending the fruit-bearing life of the tree, and promising bactericidal compounds still being worked on that can be sprayed on the trees to eliminate the bacteria in the tree.    With a majority of the citrus trees in the field today nearing death, to stay in business, growers must continue to replant new trees in their groves to maintain continuity of production. The short-term solutions available will play an important role in helping growers do just that. However, with depleted financial reserves, most small growers are in desperate need of financial assistance just to stay in business another season.    Citrus research programs are also being negatively affected by the reduction in fruit yields. The research funds provided by the self-imposed grower tax to the tune of $90 million over the past 10 years are starting to dry up with the fruit yields, thus threatening to impede the progress of the promising research that must be continued to provide solutions for this disease. Fortunately, the availability of new Federal research funds, specifically the USDA, SCRI, and MAC programs, are providing some support for research on citrus greening. And a very sincere thank you to those who helped provide this needed funding through the Farm bill.    While these funds support some very promising research projects, there are still gaps in funding that exist for many promising areas of research previously funded by the citrus-grower generated tax that are threatened to go unfunded in the future. Your financial support for further research is crucial for the future of citrus growers and the 62,000 jobs they support in Florida, but also throughout the rest of the country as well.    Land grant universities in every State are dedicated to serving the public, and Federal research dollars are crucial for universities to continue their research to benefit economic development.    I appreciate the opportunity to address the committee, and I also extend an invitation to any members who are interested, please contact me to arrange a visit to the CRAC where you can witness firsthand the effects of this disease and the research under way to develop solutions to this problem.    That concludes my formal statement, and I am happy to answer any questions that you may have. Thank you.    Mr. Rogers. I will just make a couple of comments. First, we really appreciate the funding that we have received. And I was going to mention there are two Federal programs, the SCRI, which is providing direct research for greening through the Farm bill that is $125 million over a 5-year period; and then we have the MAC funds as well. And the difference between those two, the MAC funds are providing the ability for us to do research projects that provide more short-term answers that can be used more immediately by our growers in the field. And this type of funding is very important.    As I mentioned in my testimony, growers are having to make decisions today about going out of business. Are they going to stay in business or are they going to give it up? And the funds from the MAC program are helping us quickly develop projects--or programs or approaches that growers can use now. While the SCRI is more long-term funding, very important science through the SCRI program, but it is more long term in its goals. You know, it is looking more for the ultimate down-the-road answers to this problem. And so I don't know if that answers your question, but the MAC funding is very important for us.    Mr. Rogers. Yes. Absolutely. We have definitely made a lot of advancements. And we have learned more about this disease. We are learning how not only to better manage the psyllid and slow down the disease spread, but once the trees are infected, we are learning more about how that pathogen moves in the tree, how it affects the tree. And ultimately, we are looking at a lot of things like enhanced nutritional programs and better watering, the effects of soil pH and bicarbonates.    Some of these issues come together, and when we address those issues, I am not saying we are going to resolve the disease or cure it, but we can maintain trees for a number of years longer than we could have in the past. Because if we weren't at that point now, most of the trees would be dead, and that doesn't mean that we have got a lot of time, because we really haven't. We have been living on borrowed time for quite a while now. And so--we are seeing small growers going out of business weekly.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. First, to answer the question, have we actually surveyed growers for their willingness to plant a genetically modified crop; I don't have the information in front of me. There is a document that the University of Florida extension has put out that was a survey of growers on their willingness to adopt GMO technology. And the growers were overwhelming in support of doing that. So it was very clear cut.    So to the questions--what was your second question? I am sorry.    Mr. Rogers. Pros and cons, okay.    And I think when you look at the whole thing about genetically modified crops, people come in thinking of Frankenfoods or something like that. But there is a lack of education on what is going on, because when you look at a conventional plant-breeding program, you take two different plants, they cross them trying to get a superior trait, maybe it is a flavor, or a taste, or appearance that a consumer wants to buy. You don't control what gets crossed when you do those types of breeding programs.    So there have been cases with potatoes and some other crops, where they have actually crossed them, and they have had products that were actually unhealthy for humans, and you can't control that. With genetic modification, you actually control the specific gene that you want to change, and nothing else gets changed. So you know exactly what has happened.    And we can talk all day about some of the pros and cons, but there is definitely a lot more benefit, and there is really not any negative other than the public perception.    But I do want to mention one other thing that is happening that is really interesting. We do a lot of work on genetic modification in Lake Alfred at the CREC. And our plant breeders are taking genes spores resistant to greening that had been identified to citrus and moving those now to commercial varieties that we want to grow. Because a lot of the resistance we have, we can call them a library of plants that the breeders have. They are not commercially suitable varieties, but they are moving genes from one citrus plant to another.    But then they are also finding ways to turn off the plant's response to the disease. By just simply deleting a gene that allows the disease to be expressed, you can have the same effect as far as mitigating the disease. So you are actually not even adding anything to the plant; you are just taking something away. Those are probably more likely to gain regulatory approval and be something that we can do in the not-too-distant future regulatory-wise. We have a lot of these types of projects in the field, looking at genetic-modified plants that are very promising. We have very promising results right now.