    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Secretary, it is good to see you. It is always good to see a Texan in Washington. I am a private-sector guy. I come from the private sector. I have been a small business owner for 44 years. Much like you, I am a salesman. You are selling houses; I am selling cars. And I believe that less government is the best government. I believe government out of our lives is a good thing. I believe in competition. I believe in fair competition. I believe in not having to compete against the Federal Government every single day that you get out of bed.    I have listened to the talk of FICO scores, and downpayments, and I am glad you are doing that, but I would like to tell everybody that that is nothing new in the private sector. That is not a new concept. It is a concept that has always been done. As I said, I am in the car business. And when I listen to what you have to say, it reminds me of our business. And I have to tell you, your business model scares the heck out of me. When we talk about volume, and without margin by reducing fees, and trying to improve capital standards, that doesn't work. It doesn't work in business. And it won't work in what you are doing. And also the comment about reducing, or reviewing lenders and taking them out of the ability to do business with a lot of people because they don't meet standards, when we talked a lot about today how you all are not meeting any standards, and are probably breaking the law. I think it is laughable when we talk about that.    And so, I would ask you this: We talked about the $1.68 billion that you all drew on the U.S. Treasury. Similar to the flood insurance program, should FHA be required to borrow with interest the $1.68 billion, as opposed to just pocketing it? And would you support the FHA repaying that back to the taxpayers and the small business owners who invested in that, because if I am a business owner, I am going to have to pay it back. Why should you not have to pay it back? It is the peoples' money.    Mr. Williams. I understand, but do you think they should pay it back? Do you think you should pay it back, because it bailed you out? So should you pay it back to the people?    Mr. Williams. Okay, we talked about that past due. What is past due? Is it 30 days, 90 days, 120 days? What is it?    Mr. Williams. But what constitutes when you say, okay, we have to foreclose on this? Or we have--tell me, what is that period of time?    Mr. Williams. In the car business, if you fall 60 days past due, that is not a good thing.    Mr. Williams. Ninety days. I got you. All right. And then also, in our time remaining, I would ask you this: Do you believe the FHA should be run and operated like a private insurance company? The private sector, of course, has to be accountable. They have to update technology and they have to manage it right, manage the personnel and so forth. Do you think it should be run like a private insurance company and do you believe that right now your agency is what I would say nimble enough to handle $1 trillion in insurance risk?    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.