    Mr. Sanford. I thank the chairman. I guess the first question is are we making the perfect the enemy of the good with regard to the ballast water discharge issue? I mean we have had different iterations of the same question.    I have been approached by a number of different users in the Port of Charleston on this issue. It seems to be important. They brought up the UVA--the UV technology, and suggested that, you know, if it is good enough for the international standard, why isn't it good enough--a little bit--would you just flesh that just a little bit as to why we couldn't go with something that would give them certainty, or a greater degree of certainty? It may not be the perfect, but it would be the good, and it would allow them to move forward, particularly on the UV front, given some of the comments that they have offered in my direction.    Mr. Sanford. Right.    Mr. Sanford. But the net consequence is you extend over 5,000 waivers, as I understand it. You continue to extend waivers. So the net effect is the same. In other words, you would still continue to move ahead with uncertain technology. I mean----    Mr. Sanford. OK, which would bring me to my second question. My colleague, Congressman DeFazio, had raised the SOLAS question. That too has come up back home in Charleston. And I think one of the questions with regard to--particularly on the shipper side--is to what extent is Coast Guard going to enforce the new regulations, which I think are--I guess a July date, if I am not mistaken. It is this summer some time. I thought it was July, but--and they want, you know, some degree of clarity, one on enforcement and, two, on penalties.    Mr. Sanford. But it is July 1st, if I am not mistaken, that the new regulations or the new amendments to the regulation go into effect. Is that the case?    Mr. Sanford. Right.    Mr. Sanford. So your point to the maritime community in Charleston would be there would be no big delta with regard to what they have seen----    Mr. Sanford . Past versus present.    Mr. Sanford. Right.    Mr. Sanford. Sure, OK. Last question. I see I have 48 seconds. If you were to pick out the two most wasteful regulations that you are forced to enforce from the Coast Guard standpoint that probably have little in the way of effect, what would they be?    Mr. Sanford. Well, what would come off just the top of your head? What would you say, you know, ``That is kind of a waste of time, we''----    Mr. Sanford. . ``Spend X number of man-hours doing it, but, you know, it probably provides little in the way of utility or real difference in terms of environment, or real difference in terms of''----    Mr. Sanford. That would be one.    Mr. Sanford. I will come back to you on that. Thank you, sir. I see my time has expired.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sanford. I thank the chairman. I guess I want to go back to your comment earlier on the Jones Act with questions on that front.    I think it is interesting that--I actually pulled the numbers here. I guess my query would be this. If it is good enough for the United States military to trust change on that front, why shouldn't it be good enough for the rest of the country, from the standpoint of looking at security?    What I mean by that is this. If you look at the Maritime Administration's Ready Reserve Fleet, a full 30 of their 46 RRF ships are foreign built. In other words, they don't comply with the Jones Act. Yet they have exemption at the Federal level, based on DOD needs. And yet oftentimes the argument is used, ``Well, we need the Jones Act from the standpoint of national security.'' But the national security entity of our country, the DOD, has said, ``No, we really don't need that. We trust foreign-flag ships to transport war materials from the United States to the Middle East.'' Why, if it is good enough for the DOD, is it not good enough for the United States, from the standpoint of national security?    Mr. Sanford. But they do the opposite. I mean, again, I look at the numbers here. Thirty of the forty-six ships in the RRF fleet don't comply with Jones Act.    Mr. Sanford. I hear you. But again, their actions speak otherwise.    Let me try a different bite at the apple. So I pulled the numbers. I don't know that we would view GAO as a biased source. I mean everybody has their bias, but the Government Accountability Office, I think, would be a fairly reliable source. And their numbers indicate, based on a report that I have here in front of me, that it, in essence, cost double to send a 20-foot container from the east coast of the United States to San Juan, Puerto Rico, than it would to Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic, literally just a few sea miles away, if you look at the transit distance, whether you are going out of New Jersey or Charleston or, for that matter, Miami.    And so you are actually looking at a doubling of cost. So you could look at security within the confines of DOD perspective, and whether or not foreign flagged is acceptable from the standpoint of their security concerns or not, but you could also look at security from the standpoint of the economy.    And if you look at that kind of impact, for instance, in that one quadrant as it impacts San Juan--I am looking here and, for instance, their Farm Bureau in Puerto Rico, the rate of deference to the Jones Act carrier and foreign carriers has led farmers and ranchers on the island to more often source animal feed and crop fertilizer from foreign sources than U.S. sources because of, again, the difference in cost.    I look at here a report I saw just a moment ago from a State senator in Hawaii, talking about the difference in shipping cost. A 40-foot container from L.A. to Shanghai costs around $790 at the time of this report, which was May 22, 2014, versus the cost to ship that same container from Los Angeles to Honolulu, $8,700. Again, basically, a tenfold increase.    And so, you look at those kind of increases, whether it is in Puerto Rico, which is in the news, or Honolulu, which is not in the news, you are looking at multiples of cost from the standpoint of shipping cost, which then does, at an economic level, begin to factor in national security. What would be your thoughts there?    Mr. Sanford. I hear you. I see my time has expired. But I would simply, I guess, make this point, which is the question is how many of those different laws--in other words, whether it is from the standpoint of a fully unionized labor force--many of the companies in the Northeast or the Upper Midwest have come to a place like South Carolina because of a different type workforce. I don't know that that is absolutely essential to the creation of any product in the domestic United States.    I would also, I guess, make this point, which is I suspect you have traveled on foreign-flagged air carriers, and done so quite comfortably. They may not have all of the same standards that we do have in America, but the fact is, if you have been in Germany or you have been in the Far East, or you have been in Asia, and you have traveled on a Boeing jet that happens to be, you know, running in a different part of the world with a different standard, you feel relatively comfortable doing that or you don't take the flight.    I don't know that I would completely agree with your reasoning, but I see I am out of time, and to be continued. With that I would yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sanford. But they get lots of waivers, if I am not mistaken.    Mr. Sanford. Agreed. And I would always defer to you on military issues.    But having said that, I think the question is do we have to have the same standard of security in shipping a container, a 20-foot container carrying fertilizer from the east coast in Charleston down to Puerto Rico?