    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the panelists. Mr. Administrator, it's good to see you. Some days you're here after we've had successes. Some days you're here after we've had some disappointments but appreciate the fact that we just keep moving forward. And it's not easy. You know, this is a risky business that you all are in, and we recognize that. And we don't want to have many disappointments. We want to have mostly successes.    And I became more comfortable in understanding the kind of oversight that goes with the contractor-led investigation process, that in fact you are very involved and that there has to be some kind of sign-off as part of all of this because, oftentimes we have everybody looking over everybody else's shoulder. This seems to be a pretty sensible way to approach it, and I appreciate that.    My questions are generally for you, Dr. Pawelczyk, and for you, Ms. Oakley, just really on what our research is doing on the Space Station that will help us as we move forward to sending our astronauts to Mars and for you so we have the researcher and the futurist, if you will, sitting next to the one who has to figure out how do you pay for it and what's the return.    So I'd like to have you answer. Just generally, how do you see the Space Station advancing our goal of going to Mars? And I'd like to ask you, Ms. Oakley, what do you see in terms of the cost and the benefits from an accountant's point of view? So I'll just turn it over to you two.    Mr. Perlmutter. Is this part of why you have one Kelly on the Space Station and one Kelly on the ground?    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you.    Mr. Perlmutter. So are you comfortable with the accounting and the auditing that's gone on to date on this program? I mean, the numbers?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Thank you. Just one more question, and to Mr. Martin, we've had some incidents now where there have been some failures. We had some schools in Colorado that had experiments on both the Orbital launch and also most recently on the SpaceX, same school. They did it twice, and they lost both.    How do we account for the cargo that's lost? Is there any compensation to those people or those schools or whatever?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Well, I thank you for your testimony. Thank you all for being here today, and I yield back.