    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to our witnesses for coming today to discuss a crisis that will shape Puerto Rico for decades to come and could have ripple effects across our entire Nation.    We all know the situation in Puerto Rico is dire. Congress has to act quickly to address this growing humanitarian crisis, but I do have grave concerns that some of the proposals concerning this crisis either have little to do with addressing the actual issue at hand or potentially could exacerbate problems for Puerto Rico in the long run.    Under current Federal law, if an employee is less than 20 years old and is in his or her first 90 days of working with a particular employer, Federal minimum wage laws allow the employer to pay them a sub-minimum wage of $4.25 an hour, and the justification, of course, is that they are apprentices and they are learning the trade of the job.    The draft of the bill we are considering tomorrow changes that. It allows the Governor of Puerto Rico to lower the minimum wage in Puerto Rico to $4.25 for anybody who is under 25 and is in their first 5 years on the job, not just 90 days.    Yet, there are professions that require 5 years of on-the-job training, some medical professions, plumbers or electricians, for example, but workers in these industries are generally rewarded with much higher salaries than minimum wage after their training is complete to help justify lower salaries, which are generally well above $4.25 anyway, while training.    Professor Johnson, I want to ask you, do you know of any minimum wage jobs that require 5 years of on-the-job training?    Mr. Cartwright. Me neither.    How about you, Mr. Weiss? Do you know of any such jobs, minimum wage jobs that require 5 years of on-the-job training?    Mr. Cartwright. OK. Another issue I have a concern about is emigration. One of the drivers of the economic crisis in Puerto Rico is the roughly 100,000 people per year who are moving to the mainland for better economic opportunity. I am concerned that drastic measures, such the proposal surrounding minimum wage, could accelerate and exacerbate this emigration and deepen Puerto Rico's crisis in the long run.    According to the CDC, the average age for a new mom on the island is 24.1 years old, so a huge percentage of new moms in Puerto Rico would have to raise their child on potentially $4.25 an hour. I wouldn't stick around for that if I didn't have to.    Professor Johnson and Mr. Weiss, what does it mean for the economic recovery if young families leave the island?    Professor Johnson?    Mr. Cartwright. And young families are crucial to anchoring the economic recovery, aren't they, Professor Johnson?    Mr. Cartwright. Do you agree with that?    Mr. Cartwright. OK.    Now, Professor Johnson, do you think at the end of 5 years of paying a worker a sub-minimum wage to the employee, companies will be more likely to value the training their employees will have accumulated and be happy then to pay the $7.25 an hour, or will this minimum wage provide an incentive to let these employees go and start a new clock with a new sub-minimum wage 20-year-old worker?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. So if that is the case and young workers put this together, they put two and two together, and they realize that this is going to happen, what is that going to do to the incentives to take this work and to stay on the island? Professor?    Mr. Cartwright. So, it is an even bet that this is a proposal that will exacerbate the crisis because of increasing emigration from the island, isn't it?    Mr. Cartwright. All right.    Now, Professor Johnson and Mr. Weiss, aside from encouraging young people to leave, what are the other effects that such a low minimum wage on the island would have? What impact might it have on the long-term recovery prospects on the island and its economic stability? Mr. Weiss?    Mr. Cartwright. Professor Johnson?    Mr. Cartwright. OK. Thank you.    I yield back.