    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for the attention to this issue. And witnesses, we appreciate that you are here as we begin to think through this process.    Cyberspace is really a place where a lot of our information now resides. It is not just something that we click onto and off of, but it is a place of residence for what I term our virtual you, which is you and all of your information. And interestingly enough, and the chairman noted the end-to-end open architecture of the system, the backbone that permits this, and you do have that original platform, that openness, which makes it what it is, and makes it a successful information service. So now, we have all of these incursions, and the malware and the spyware and the bots, and this and that, and some of these are embedded in hardware, some are there via software, and we are looking at an increased number of these attacks on our critical infrastructure every day.    Now, the chairman mentioned a little bit about the Internet of things, or as I like to say, the Internet of everything. And we know that by the end of this decade, Sysco says we are going to have 50 billion, 50 billion devices that are connected to the Internet. That is a lot of vulnerabilities. So as we look at the steps that need to be taken for privacy and for data security, we welcome your expertise and your insights, and we thank you for helping us think forward on this.    And I yield at this time to Dr. Burgess.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, sir. I appreciate that, and I appreciate the patience that you all are showing by hanging with us as we are back and forth to the floor and different things.    Let me pick up right where Mr. McKinley left off. And as I said in my opening, that when you look at cyberspace, it is a place now where our information actually resides. Our virtual you lives there. And what we hear from constituents is how do I protect this, why can't they do something to make this safer? As my colleagues have heard me repeatedly say, there is nothing that women hate more than a peeping Tom, and they don't like them looking at their networks and their pictures and their photos and their passwords, and things of this nature, and the way they feel that violation is something that we hear about. So what I would like to hear from you all, and, Dr. Lin, you just alluded to this, when you said people want to know where to get help. So what do you see as a group of best practices that should be there for companies and their virtual space, whether they are a click business or a brick and mortar business, and then talk a little bit about B to C, and how businesses deal with consumers and inform and educate them as to what they are doing to make that virtual marketplace, and prohibit and incursions in cyber.    So let us start and just go down the line. We have 3 minutes, and I would like about 30 seconds from each of you on it.    Mrs. Blackburn. So how they are crunching the data----    Mrs. Blackburn . And what they are pulling from it, and go ahead and get permissions on the frontend.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. Dr. Shannon, why do you think companies have not done that?    Mrs. Blackburn. But then their customers become very angry----    Mrs. Blackburn . When there is an incursion.    Let me--and it is Mr. Bejtlich, right? Am I saying that right?    Mrs. Blackburn. Bejtlich. OK. I am close. That works. OK, let us see, Mandiant's M-trends 2015 report, something that caught my eye there was that you could have some malicious activity and a malicious actor on your system for 205 days. That was the average before it was discovered. And I found this so interesting because we had a company in my district there around Nashville that had a major breach this year, and the amount of time that the bad actor was on the system and then moved the information to a different system before they exported it and left----    Mrs. Blackburn . The country with it. So do you concur with that 205 days, or is there a different--I know you all do a lot of remediation work, so----    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. I agree with you.    And with that, I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.