    Mr. Lieu. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Visclosky, I want to thank you for the tireless effort that you and your staff put forward to ensure that our Nation remains safe. As a lieutenant colonel in the United States Air Force Reserves who previously served on Active Duty, I have firsthand experience with the support this subcommittee provides to our men and women in uniform.    I want to particularly thank the subcommittee's work on aerospace and space issues. As a Representative for the 33rd Congressional District, I work in both military and civilian capacities with LA Air Force Base and its Space and Missile Systems Center, and surrounding the base is an incredible array of institutions and research facilities and defense companies. And collocated with the base is a production line for the F-18 fuselage, which is a program I am here to testify about today, which is the F-18 program.    I would like to add my strong support for the program as you consider the fiscal year 2016 defense appropriations bill. This program has an estimated annual impact of $1 billion throughout California, 40 percent of which is in my district. And from a national security perspective, the program is at a critical pivot point as the Navy considers its warfighting requirements and the strength of its aviation fleet.    As you know, the F-18 has provided the Navy with two unique and essential aircraft for our Nation's warfighter, the F-18 Super Hornet and the EA-18G Growler. The Super Hornet remains the Navy's premier operational strike fighter flying from forward-deployed aircraft carriers. These aircraft flew their first missions against the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant, and they serve as a workhorse of Naval aviation for all missions in all threat environments. With a plan to be part of the fleet until 2040, at least, the Super Hornet is a key component of the Navy's aviation plan for the next three decades.    Additionally, the Growler is the DoD's proven airborne electronic attack asset, and it provides jamming, not just for the Navy, but for all the Services. And the Growler is truly a national asset and the Department's only resource for airborne electronic attack. And as you know, in a time when control of the electromagnetic spectrum is important, it is a key discriminator for battle.    Unfortunately, the fiscal year 2016 budget does not include funding for the continued production of either the Super Hornet or the Growler. After the budget submission, the Navy added 12 F Model Super Hornets to its unfunded priority request, highlighting that it does not have a sufficient amount of aircraft in its inventory.    And the most immediate challenge that the F-18 confronts right now is that they may need to close a production line if they can't keep building these F-18 fighters, and we are going to need these well into the future.    And so with that, I would love you to consider these 12 aircraft, and thank you so much for listening to my testimony today.    Mr. Lieu. Thank you. And I will submit my written testimony as well.    Mr. Lieu. Thank you.