    Ms. Hahn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and our Ranking Members here today for this joint hearing. While USDA and USAID currently provide lifesaving support to people around the world in a manner that ensures minimal fraud, they are not perfect. But what we are hearing, of course, is these food aid programs support our maritime industry, an industry that is crucial for our U.S. national security. And what we have heard is a strong U.S. maritime industry prepares our nation not only for the threats today, but the threats that we can't even comprehend tomorrow. And I just want to urge these Committees to consider the impacts of food aid reform that are being discussed. I certainly want to make our aid more efficient and accountable, but not if it means compromising a critical industry for our national security.    So we have heard how more cargo supports our maritime industry, and our U.S.-flag ships, and we sort of touched on it a little bit, but the actual delivery of aid and food is compromised if we are just talking about cash, not just because of the fraud issue, but let us remember some of the emergencies that we have had recently. The Philippines, that was ravaged by a typhoon, and we fed millions in the months that followed. But if we had relied just on developing farms, or cash to buy locally grown food, where was the capacity to purchase that food?    I really want to talk about the actual delivering of the aid. Whether it be natural disasters, or climate change, it seems to me that we are having more drought. We are having more natural disasters. So if we switched to buying locally, and I am going to ask this to Mr. Berteau, what happens if that is where our focus is? If we are focused on buying locally, and cash instead of delivering food, how is this impacted by these natural disasters in the areas where we are attempting to deliver aid?    Ms. Hahn. But, again, could you specifically talk about how the attempt to reform this, by buying locally, or using cash, would be impacted in a region that was destroyed, where there is no food, where there is a drought, where there is a natural disaster? I think we would be very shortsighted to not realize that we could be reforming this to an extent that would be impractical in the very regions that we are asked to help and deliver aid.    Ms. Hahn. So you would think it would be shortsighted for us to move away from delivering food, or having the agricultural capacity, or the maritime industry capacity to do that, as opposed to just a move towards cash and buying locally?    Ms. Hahn. Thank you. I yield back.