    Ms. Moore. Thank you so much for joining us today, Secretary Lew.    I can't resist asking some questions about liquidity as well, since that has come up several times, but I want to take a different approach, as opposed to the required capital standards. In your testimony you mentioned that it has been a year now since we have floated the NAV for institutional investors, and at least your executive summary was not very descriptive of how that has been working.    I am wondering if we have seen less use or about the same of assets which are typically a little bit more liquid than other investments in the money market mutual fund space?    Ms. Moore. But it would not be a good thing if we were to close down or essentially shut down the money market mutual fund--    Ms. Moore. --or stagnate it in some way, prevent those institutional investors from having that liquidity. That would be something you would be watching out for?    Ms. Moore. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    You mentioned also that the threat of migration of servicing from banks from nonbanks, such as the recently announced algorithmic lending that Goldman Sachs, for example, wants to do, really demonstrates there is a change in market structure, that there is more risk-taking incentive.    I am wondering, in that context, how nonbank SIFIs--do you think it is more important to focus on a few industries, fewer institutions? Or what do you see? Do you see an expanded role for the FSOC given the change in the market structure?    Ms. Moore. Thank you, Secretary Lew.    I was stunned at some of your comments to Mr. Cleaver about GSE reform, and also your declaration in your testimony that negative equity has declined. That hasn't been my experience at all. And I think homeowners are in a lurch after this recession, a lot of housing in my district is deteriorating because you can't lend for needed improvements in the home, I mean, basic things like roofs, plumbing, and so on. I think we need some sort of product.    I only have 10 seconds. I guess I just want to get your insight about help for the homeowner in this environment.