    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    A lot of different areas here and I kind of want to explore two or three of them.    One of the issues is let's say we move forward with some kind of an agreement with these other countries. What kind of a verification process will be put in place? Are they going to allow us to fly drones over their countries and do satellite imaging? I mean how do we know that they are playing by the rules? Because one of the things that I have seen in other areas of our government is we play by the rules but some of the people that we make agreements with don't necessarily play by the rules. And so how do we make sure everybody is playing by the rules? Ms. Curry--Dr. Curry?    Mr. Neugebauer. Yes.    Hon. Harbert. The answer is we won't know. It's a voluntary, you know, monitoring and self-reporting, as we have seen under--that's why we had the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. We play by the rules; many other countries don't, and that's something we need to be concerned about. Even though they have vague commitments, they will have even a vaguer ability to ensure that they are meeting their commitments.    Mr. Neugebauer. Yes. One--and also I guess the other question along with that, so it's voluntary, but what is the regulatory infrastructure in those countries and what kind of regulations do they have? The President is proposing pretty rigorous regulatory proposals and this Administration has put out a lot of very extraneous proposals. But how do they compare with the United States, these other countries?    Hon. Harbert. The answer is that there are--very few commitments have been made. The deadline was March the 31st to make the commitments to the United Nations and less than a dozen countries have made the commitment, so we don't know what the commitments will be going forward.    Mr. Neugebauer. Do they have EPAs--I mean are they organized? Is there enforcement mechanisms that are as organized as the United States?    Hon. Harbert. I think it's fair to say the United States has the most rigorous environmental--most stringent regulations on the books of the developed world.    Mr. Neugebauer. I think you have made one of my points there is that everywhere you go in China it's foggy and it is a problem.    I think the other issue is--and, Dr. Curry, you're talking about modeling and how the actual temperatures and projected temperatures and various models that have been put together. I remember I had an opportunity to travel to the South Pole a number of years ago and there were some climate people there and they were showing me these projections of temperatures back 5,000 years moving forward, and they were models because obviously they probably didn't have thermometers 5,000 years ago. If we do, we haven't been able to find any of the recordings. So when those models aren't correct and we make a huge amount of policy based on what we think the models are and the potential outcomes and we miss those models, what are the consequences of that?    Mr. Neugebauer. Aren't we kind of betting the ranch on an outcome we're not even sure about and a problem we have not quite defined?    Mr. Neugebauer. I see my time is expired, Mr. Chairman.