    Ms. Rosenworcel. Good morning, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today along with my colleagues at the FCC.    Today, communications technologies account for one-sixth of our economy, and that is no wonder, because these are the networks that carry all aspects of modern, commercial, and civic life. They are changing at a breathtaking pace, requiring us all to think boldly about the future. And, in the months ahead, the FCC will do just that as we begin the world's first spectrum incentive auction, work to speed the IP transition, and update universal service and media policies. This is lofty stuff.    But I want to begin today by talking about the least glamourous part of the communications revolution. I want to talk about infrastructure. Because no amount of new fiberoptic facilities or spectrum matters without good policies on the ground.    I believe it is time to take a comprehensive look at deployment practices and find a way to make them more consistent all across the country. We can begin with ``dig once'' policies, which can pave the way for more broadband deployment.    And the notion behind ``dig once'' is simple. When construction crews are building or repairing roads, deploying broadband conduit at the same time adds only 1 percent to the cost of highway projects. But this small change can have big impact, yielding more broadband investment, more universal access, and more competition.    We should also focus on Federal lands, which make up as much as one-third of our national real estate. We can expedite deployment here by creating an open data inventory of Federal infrastructure assets that can help support broadband and wireless deployment.    We also need standard contracts from the GSA to facilitate deployment of antenna structures on Federal property. And, while we are at it, we should consider extending FCC's shot-clock policies for State and local jurisdictions to Federal authorities so those who want to deploy infrastructure get a timely response.    Not all of these policies can be acted on by the Commission alone, but I believe it is essential that we work with you and our Federal colleagues to help put them in place.    Now, these gritty realities of network deployment may not get the glory, but they are important. Of course, it is also important that we focus on what we can do with our new networks. So now I want to talk about how our networks are used for learning.    When I was growing up, homework required just a paper, pencil, and my brother leaving me alone. That is no longer true, because today 7 in 10 teachers assign homework that requires access to broadband. But FCC data suggests as many as one in three households do not subscribe to broadband service.    Now, if you think about those numbers, where they overlap is what I call the homework gap. And if you are a student in a household without broadband, now just getting your homework done is hard. Applying for a scholarship is challenging. And while some students may have access to a smartphone, let me submit to you that a phone is just not how you want to research and type a paper, apply for jobs, or further your education.    These students enter the job market with a serious handicap. And that is a job market today where half of all jobs require some level of digital skills. By the end the decade, that number jumps to 77 percent. But the loss here, ultimately, is more than individual, because it is a loss to our collective human capital and shared economic future that we need to address.    Now, to address it is going to require a mix of public and private initiatives, modernizing FCC work to support connectivity in low-income households, more WiFi, more competition, and better infrastructure. But I think the sooner we act, the sooner we bridge the homework gap and give more students a fair shot at 21st-century success.    Now, learning, of course, is just one example of how new communications technologies are remaking our world. There are others. Just last week, we had a cruel reminder from abroad that when the unthinkable occurs our security so often depends on connectivity. And in the days and weeks ahead, I know our horror will not fade, but our resilience will only grow. And at home and abroad, we need to study the mix of public alerts, first-responder communications, and social networking that facilitated safety. Those lessons can make us stronger, and we should submit ourselves to the discipline of learning them.    Thank you. I look forward to answering any questions.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Thank you for the question, Chairman Walden.    I did acknowledge that the President issued an Executive order in July of 2011----    Ms. Rosenworcel . Directing agencies to the extent possible to follow cost-benefit analysis, yes.    Ms. Rosenworcel. I can support an Executive order, yes.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Thank you for the question, difficult though it is.    Everyone in this room has probably used unlicensed spectrum today.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Maybe it has been WiFi, your garage-door opener, an RFID tag when you were at the store, or a baby monitor overnight. Everyone in this room has used it. It is a huge part of our daily lives, and it is a huge part of our economy, responsible for more than $140 billion in economic activity annually.    Ms. Rosenworcel. So, when we talk about spectrum policy, we need to make sure we talk both about licensed and unlicensed. And when legislation moves through this committee, including a swath of unlicensed is a good thing for the wireless economy. It is what I have called the WiFi dividend.    The challenge, as you acknowledge, comes with the Congressional Budget Office, which reviews spectrum legislation and has a heavy bias towards spectrum that gets auctioned and sold through the FCC's auction process. It strikes me that that accounting is outdated because it doesn't account for the $140 billion in economic activity every year that is dependent on unlicensed spectrum.    And so the idea behind a WiFi dividend is to continue to move unlicensed spectrum when licensed legislation comes about. And I think, if we do that, we can see the economy grow and the Internet of Things really flourish.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Thank you, Congressman Pallone.    I did in fact visit the New Jersey shore right after Hurricane Sandy hit, and I won't soon forget what I saw: the coast ripped apart by wind and rain and the people who lived there and their stamina and fortitude and desire to rebuild. I know that our communications networks worked during that storm, but not all of them, and on the New Jersey coast, far too few of them.    So I think your SANDy legislation is a terrific start to force us to look at network resiliency in a new way, to come up with master contacts for our Nation's 911 call centers, and also to adjust the Stafford Act to reflect a priority of communications service providers in crisis.    Ms. Rosenworcel. My access is virtually the same as what Commissioner Clyburn just described.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Oh, sure.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Yesterday.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Thank you, Congresswoman Matsui, for the question.    Today, as you probably know, the bulk of our spectrum activity takes place at 3 gigahertz or below, but, going forward, we are going to look way, way up there. And when we do, if we combine really stratospheric frequencies with dense networks of small cells, we are going to develop wireless services that go further and faster than ever before.    It is absolutely imperative that the FCC lead when we deal with this issue, because the rest of the world is starting to look at high-band spectrum and trying to find ways to deploy. We have a rulemaking, and it is important that we conclude that rulemaking and identify bands where we can proceed.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Sure.    Privacy is a cherished principle, and it is also a complicated one in the digital age. So, going forward, we are going to have to provide more clarity. I respect that the Chairman wants to have a rulemaking on that. And I acknowledge, as Commissioner Pai said, that our existing guidance is insufficient to date.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Well, by some measures, one-third of our Nation's real estate is owned by the Federal Government. And they are some of the areas that have the sparsest deployment of communications services.    So the question is, what Federal facilities exist on those lands that we could use to support broadband deployment or antenna structures? And if we could identify what facilities we have, we would be in a position to expedite deployment in rural America and lower the cost of deployment while we are at it.    Ms. Rosenworcel. I think it would be important for us to identify existing facilities. I also think it would be important for us to develop a master contract with the GSA so that the private sector that is interested in deployment would have a single contract they could use. And I also think we should consider shot clocks, which would reduce the amount of time that the Federal Government had to respond to those requests for deployment.    Ms. Rosenworcel. A.    Ms. Rosenworcel. No.    Ms. Rosenworcel. No.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Thank you. I appreciate the question. And I appreciated the opportunity to head home to New England, too.    I think the homework gap is the cruelest part of our new digital divide, but it is within our power to bridge it and fix it. We can update a low-income program known as Lifeline to make sure it supports broadband. We should focus in a laser-like way on households that have children who are in school. And we should also promote the availability of more unlicensed spectrum and WiFi.    Those things will all make a difference, as will more public- and private-sector partnerships to help bring computers and broadband to students who are in school.    Ms. Rosenworcel. Well, let me be clear. I don't like robocalls, and I think most people are not fond of them. So I think we should take any and all actions we can to prevent them, because those unwanted calls are not something that people are all that eager to receive.    Ms. Rosenworcel. No, but let me speak to you exactly to what you were talking about with autodialers.    The Telephone Consumer Protection Act was passed in 1991. In 1991, an autodialer was a big, bulky piece of equipment. One of our challenges today is that we have to still use that law when we have software that can accomplish what that hardware did decades ago.    And so I think the struggle that the agency has is trying to figure out how to manage with a statute that didn't contemplate the digital world we live in today.