    Mr. Conlon. Indeed.    Mr. Conlon. Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, Representative Castor. My name is Joseph Conlon. I'm a retired U.S. Navy Medical Entomologist and I serve as the Technical Advisor for the American Mosquito Control Association, and I welcome this opportunity to provide a mosquito control perspective to the deliberations of this committee.    The recent introduction and spread of Zika virus in the Western Hemisphere has reawakened in the United States an appreciation of mosquitoes as not just nuisances, but transmitters of devastating diseases. And I use the term ``reawakened'' advisedly for mosquito-borne diseases such as malaria, dengue, yellow fever were once quite common in the United States and, indeed, played a major part in shaping our nation's destiny. These diseases no longer claim victims in the United States as a matter of course largely due to the exemplary efforts of organized mosquito control agencies in conjunction with an enlightened and effective public health infrastructure. But even more mosquito-borne diseases are a mere 7-hour flight from our shores, and our public health agencies must be prepared to meet these challenges that they will eventually present.    Zika virus is thought to be primarily transmitted from human to human by the bite of an infected Aedes aegypti and possibly Aedes albopictus species of mosquitoes. Of these, Aedes aegypti has been primarily responsible for transmitting the disease due, in part, to its preference by humans both day and night and its predilection for biting the lower extremities out of sight. Moreover, females frequently take multiple partial blood meals often from different individual humans, not only increasing the likelihood of feeding on an infectious human, but also leading to single infectious females potentially feeding on and infecting multiple humans within a relatively short time period. This is unique.    Both Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus, the Asian Tiger mosquito are notoriously difficult to kill and/or prevent. They live inside our houses under furniture, beds, in closets. Their eggs can withstand months of drying and their young can develop in water containers as small as a discarded soda bottle cap. Virtually any collection of stagnant water in containers, tree holes, leaf axles, et cetera can serve as an egg-laying habitat for these species. Thus, draining wet areas does not prevent their development around our homes and yards.    Aedes aegypti has been found in isolated areas of California and along the southern tier of states up into Georgia and South Carolina. Aedes albopictus is a bit more cold-hardy and its range includes those states but extends northward to Illinois and New York. States within this range have excellent integrated mosquito control programs in some areas, but mosquito control outside of their jurisdictions is spotty. Indeed, many potential ports of entry throughout the United States have limited or no mosquito control available and there is a pressing need for funding to establish sustainable mosquito control programs in these areas if outbreaks are to be contained.    Successful mosquito control is based first and foremost on a comprehensive knowledge of the vector in order to exploit its vulnerabilities. All prevention and control strategies are based on this knowledge; however, the cryptic nature of Aedes aegypti makes normal surveillance and control strategies problematic. This demands that mosquito control in the 734 established districts and over 1,100 municipal programs be improved in the following seven areas: improved mosquito surveillance tools for adult Aedes aegypti; availability of pesticide resistance testing kits and accurate rapid diagnostic tests for arboviral agents and trapped mosquitoes; faster communications about protocols between public health laboratories and mosquito control programs; funding to underwrite new data call-ins that might influence a pesticide registrant's decision to keep proven products on the market; funding for field validation of new control modalities such as lethal overtraps; intracellular controls using Wolbachia; genetically modified mosquitoes; new active ingredients such as dopamine receptor agonists to name a few. We also need a national strategy to elicit sustained public participation in removing and draining containers used by Aedes aegypti as position sites. Also identifying areas at risk of Zika transmission, assisting to the extent possible any federal programs, underwriting the startup of new vector control programs in impoverished areas at risk.    The federal government has several mechanisms available to help these needs if funds already authorized were to be appropriated. Three in particular come to mind. First, the expanded laboratory capacity program of CDC for funding increases in arboviral testing capacities. Second, the Mosquito Abatement for Safety and Health Act by which local governments could receive matching federal funds up to $100,000 for the establishment and/or enhancement of mosquito abatement programs, and $100 million total for building sustainable programs where they do not exist. The funding for this was authorized but never appropriated. Third, the Food Quality Protection Act which authorizes the use of federal funds when the cost of new data for public health pesticides was more than their producers could afford putting their registration at risk.    The national capacity to control mosquito-borne disease at present and in the future will largely depend on the extent to which these support programs or their functional equivalent in the President's February 22nd Emergency Supplemental Fund Request are implemented. Increased tourism, travel, and trade make continual introductions of exotic diseases carried by mosquitoes virtually inevitable. Resources for prevention and control programs must be made available and employed so that future cases of exotic diseases can be contained and eliminated before their establishment and spread.    The President's recent request for emergency supplemental funding for Zika prevention and control tangibly addresses our acknowledgment of current shortfalls in mosquito-borne disease control capability and seeks avenues to remedy them towards our shared goal of protecting the American people from exotic diseases. The American Mosquito Control Association agrees. Our citizenry deserves no less. Thank you.    Mr. Conlon. Not in the case of Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus. Their ranges are about 100 to 200 meters from where they actually breed.    Mr. Conlon. To my knowledge, it can't reside in water. However, it is vertically transmitted from the mosquito, the adult mosquito to their offspring, so they're born with it.    Mr. Conlon. Well, as Dr. Hotez mentioned, there are many places in the United States that do have socioeconomic conditions that are conducive to the spread of these types of diseases. Those conditions were quite evident back in the past in places like Norfolk, places like Louisiana, all throughout Louisiana. There were a number of different areas that these got transmitted. Dengue fever was first discovered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, so we should not rely upon the south to be the potential breeding ground for these things, but anywhere that poverty occurs where you've got difficulties in trash removal, you've got certain socioeconomic conditions conducive to keeping water containers inside. Those can really hurt.    I want to emphasize, though, that mosquito control is conducted on an integrated basis and we should not think that there is any silver bullet for this. We've got to utilize all the tools that are at our disposal in order to keep these diseases from establishing. We need a number of different modalities.    Mr. Conlon. In places in the Caribbean that do have vector control capabilities in the resort areas, it tends to be rather problematic, even more so than in the United States. I would recommend that people, and particularly males that are going into this area, utilize EPA registered repellants. They do work against all these mosquitoes, and they just need to follow label recommendations. But I would caution everyone to make sure they're EPA registered. There's a lot of mosquito repellant products out there that have rather iffy data sets supporting them, so EPA has taken into consideration that they're safe to use and they're effective at least four hours when utilized properly. What you do is you reduce human mosquito contact, no problem with the disease.    Mr. Conlon. Absolutely. And I would also say that if you're going to a resort that's got an 18-story hotel you can find Aedes aegypti at 18 stories. They go up through the elevator shafts.    Mr. Conlon. Well, hopefully, we're going to get them ready by about April, but one can never know when you're talking about dealing with volunteers. We're specifically going to try to shift our control paradigms and our recommendations from reactive, which is oftentimes larvicide. Larvicide are not going to be the answer with this mosquito, primarily because we generally use larvicide because the larvae are contained in a small area, they're easy to get at, they're easy to kill, and then they spread out as adults, and make it difficult for us to deal with them with regard to adulticides. In the case of this mosquito, though, larvicide are not going to be the answer because they're occurring in the same area where the adults are, so you might as well kill the adults in addition to. So we're going to focus more on the adulticide issues, we're going to focus more on trying to get community support, elicit community support to get rid of the habitat. This is a human problem. This not necessarily an Aedes aegypti problem. We're creating the problem, and we need to be conversant in creating the solution, as well.