    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you. I want to thank Chairman Walden and Chairman Upton for holding this hearing today. While we all use the Internet, few Americans, and I am included--few Americans truly understand the underlying Internet architecture. Perhaps that is because a system that has been in place has worked so well that we don't need to think about it. The Internet remains a free and open place to exchange information and ideas, and the goal of my legislation has always been to preserve that for future generations.    What we wanted to do with the Dot Com Act has always been to exercise vigorous oversight on the transition, and make sure it is done right, the old trust but verify statement. As a legislative body, specifically in the Telecom Subcommittee, we have authority and responsibility to oversee the activities of NTIA. We get one bite at the apple with this. We would be negligent in our responsibilities to not sure that NTIA, and the Administration, is living up to its promises.    NTIA says the proposal must, and this is from them, support and enhance the multi-stakeholder model, maintain the security, stability, and resiliency of the Internet DNS, meet the needs and expectations of the global customers and partners of the IANA services, and maintain the openness of the Internet. I have concerns that these requirements that NTIA has put forth are vague at best, but allowing Congress a chance to review any proposal would hold the Administration's feet to the fire before any transition could occur. If the proposal isn't as promised, and ICANN hasn't made the necessary changes to facilitate the transition, then Congress has the chance to engage in other legislative avenues to ensure that Americans will continue to access a free and open Internet.    Bipartisan staff discussions are ongoing, and we are hopeful that an agreement can be reached to hold NTIA accountable to their own criteria and move it to the floor, and to the President's desk. We just have to be careful, by exercising congressional oversight of NTIA, because there is no turning back once this moves forward. And, Mr. Chairman, I would like to submit for the record an article that came out today, ``What Is In A Domain Name?'' by Peter Roff, and it was in U.S. News & World Report.    Mr. Shimkus. And I yield back my time.    Mr. Shimkus. Well, I----    Mr. Shimkus. I was listening. I was----    Mr. Shimkus. Right, but, remember, GAO is already doing a report now too.    Mr. Shimkus. So I think the timeline would be----    Mr. Shimkus. You know----    Mr. Shimkus . Almost--parallel.    Mr. Shimkus . Gentleman yields back his time, and Chair recognizes myself for 5 minutes. And it is great to have you, and I think we are making progress from my colleagues on the other side.    I don't think we would be in this position had the original bill not been dropped in the last Congress. And, in respect to the appropriation battle, I would argue that we wouldn't even have that fight had we done a better job of working together last Congress to try to raise these issues, because, if you remember this whole debate, and Mr. Strickland was one of them, and many of you were there, Congress has no role. That is what your statements were, Congress has no role. Now today you are saying what? There is an important role for us to play, and we need to be involved because our citizens are going to ask questions. The world is a much different place now than it was in 2012. So where decisions were made in 2012, the world is--we are at a different place. I think there is less trust in the international world and community right now just because of world events.    So we just represent people, OK, in our districts, we all have about 750,000, of what we are doing with NTIA. So as much as we have to respect the work that they are doing, they have to respect the work that we are doing. And so I want to appreciate--I do appreciate my colleagues. I think we are going to move in a process that--I am hopeful that we will have comfort that there is legislative--I would yield to my colleague, yes.    Mr. Shimkus. I am happy to do so, and let me raise a couple issues. I did submit this column for the record in the opening statements, and it just raises one of the issues. And, as we go through this process, what are the concerns out there? And I have so many questions, I have been scribbling notes down through the whole hearing. But I guess the bottom line is, the NTIA have what their listed objectives are, the question will then be, what is missing, and your advice and counsel could be helpful, what should be added to give us certainty?    For example, in the article it says, consider the importance of .mil, which is sponsored by the United States Department of Defense, that houses some of the secure systems and e-mail addresses most vital to U.S. national security. Using them would place a considerable strain on the nation's defense. As yet, the Pentagon has no ongoing contractual right to it. The Department control over .mil is a legacy arising out of America's invention of the World Wide Web. And they also mention .gov and .edu as a concern. Does anyone reject the premise of that statement? Mr. DelBianco?    Mr. Shimkus. Yes, and I will end on this, my time has expired. I will just say, I am curious to the contractual obligations, and NTIA's role, and where would people go? I mean, I think we weave a story that people will flee. I am not sure there is any other organized structure which they would go to. So, with that, I would like to recognize for 5 minutes Mr. Luja AE1n for questions.    Mr. Luja AE1n. Mr. Chairman, thank you so very much, and thank you for this important hearing today. And, Mr. Chairman, I just want to say this at the start, as we make this transition, we must make every effort to ensure that the foundational values of the Internet, freedom of expression, and protection from government interference, are preserved. I think that is a value that we all share.    And, Ms. Plonk, as I am sure that you are aware, for years Intel has been an important partner in New Mexico, and we certainly appreciate your presence, and we are always open to opportunities to talk about expansion. And so I just wanted to lay that out with my good friend Mr. Walden, who is also here. I know that we are always talking about opportunities at Intel in our various states and our various districts as well, but we really appreciate you being here.    And as important partner who shares a very important perspective with what Intel does, not only in this space, but being the only presence in the United States in what you do, and we have to acknowledge that. We wanted to make sure that we are doing our part to protect that industry, and to provide opportunities for expansion. But can you explain further why you support this transition, and how it impacts your business?    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time. Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time. Chair recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Kinzinger, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time. Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, for 5 minutes to----    Mr. Shimkus. Will the gentleman yield, Mr. Bilirakis?    Mr. Shimkus. But we will lose the authority, or the oversight that we have today. I mean, it is not fair to say, it is the same thing. There is a definite--Mr. DelBianco? There is a definite shift.    Mr. Shimkus. Right, and that is all the point I was trying to make. I will yield back to Mr. Bilirakis.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman's time has expired. Chair now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.