    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Roth, for your tireless investigations and trying to make our Department of Homeland Security better. It is appreciated. There is a lot of discussion back and forth on this incident about vague Secret Service policy regarding drinking alcohol and driving. I guess my take on it is a little more simple. Would driving through a marked potential crime scene be acceptable performance off duty, either sober or inebriated?    Mr. Russell. Would entering the White House complex buzzed or inebriated be considered acceptable off-duty behavior?    Mr. Russell. The second in command who was involved with this incident, what kind of public confidence does it instill when that occurs that we can protect the President of the United States?    Mr. Russell. What kind of example do you think that that sets to the agents and also the seriousness of the duties that ought to be performed, whether on duty or off, knowing that any of them at any moment could be called upon to protect the leader of the free world?    Mr. Russell. Given that sense of duty, and also the arduous selection process to elevate an agent to this level of duty, this is the highest performance level that Secret Service agents can perform, what discipline has Agent Connolly or Agent Ogilvie received? And if none, what charges are pending?    Mr. Russell. When I was a commander in the military, often on an IG investigation we would receive recommendations of courses of action. What would you recommend?    Mr. Russell. I have read through it. What would you recommend, sir?    Mr. Russell. Well, I think all of America would agree. And should the American public, in light of this, have more confidence or less in our government's ability to protect our President?    Mr. Russell. And so we had a similar answer after Cartagena, after drones, after barricades, after, after, after, after. We are talking about the President of the United States. At what point do you see, and what is your estimation--you have been handling investigations a long time--are they taking this serious, and will they make the necessary changes that the American public demands?    Mr. Russell. Well, I hope so. And I think that the Director can exhibit that leadership and even reach down into organizations that are going awry. And my hope is that the Director would do that, and also that we would see a shape up rather quickly, because should we have the President harmed, all of America would not be able to forgive itself. Thank you, sir, for your testimony today. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.