    Mr. Turner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to follow on to the issues of my good friend, Gerry Connolly, about the issue of incarceration and treatment.    Director Botticelli, I want to thank you for your leadership on this issue of the heroin epidemic, and your visiting with members of the Ohio delegation about its impact in our communities.    As you know, we've discussed that judges and prosecutors in my district have said that upwards of 75 percent of the individuals they arrest or prosecute are suffering with substance abuse or addiction. And you and I have discussed the fact that actually the Federal Government has barriers in place that inhibit an ability for someone who is incarcerated to receive treatment, and I want to talk about two of those with you today and get your thoughts.    The SAMHSA policy, for example, since 1995, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration has had a policy in place that prohibits the use of grants from its Center for Substance Abuse Treatment for treating individuals who are incarcerated. Obviously, in this instance, we're not talking about additional resources, just resources being applied to those who are incarcerated.    Our second one is that Medicaid IMD exclusion. Medicaid's institution for mental disease exclusion expressly prohibits reimbursement for services provided to individuals who are incarcerated. Now, these are individuals who are entitled to receive Medicaid, they qualify for Medicaid, and the treatment services that they would receive are not permitted during the period of incarceration, and one of the things that we know from heroin addiction is it often leads to theft to feed the addiction or other types of criminal activity that results in their incarceration.    Now, I've introduced H.R. 4076, the TREAT Act, which would repeal both of those prohibitions. It would allow SAMHSA money to be used during incarceration for treatment, and also for those individuals who are Medicaid-eligible during their incarceration for Medicaid to be able to reimburse for those expenses for treatment, because as you indicated, Mr. Kelley, people are not receiving treatment once they're incarcerated.    Director Botticelli, I was wondering if you would speak for a moment about those two exclusions of the use of Federal dollars, and whether or not you believe lifting those barriers might help others get treatment?    Mr. Turner. In the SAMHSA policy, same thing, grants that are being made available to communities, and--but they're excluded to be used for those who are incarcerated.    Mr. Turner. Director Botticelli, I appreciate your interest in this.    Mr. Kelley, I appreciate your bringing to focus the issue that there aren't the resources to bring treatment there. Do you have any comments that you want--wish to add?    Mr. Turner. Mr. Maurer, do you have comments?    Mr. Turner. Thank you.