    Mr. Bock. Good morning. I would also like to thank the chairman and the members of the task force for this opportunity. I appreciate your interest in the program that I have helped to develop for the past 25 years.    My name is Lou Bock, and I am a retired Senior Special Agent who worked as an investigator with DEA and USDA, later at Customs, which later became ISDHA. I worked on and supervised financial fraud and intelligence programs. For much of my career, I generated and worked large, complicated criminal cases involving trade fraud and money laundering schemes totaling billions of dollars.    I did so with the help of a team of import and tax specialists, agents, and analysts. We identified patterns of criminal behavior that stretched across large volumes of trade and financial data. The software methodology that my team and I pioneered was successfully deployed in over two dozen countries.    This led, with the insight and vision of John Cassara, to the development of trade transparency units (TTUs). I believe that TTUs have veered from their initial financial and Customs focus in part because of the changing culture within the Department of Homeland Security. Cassara writes in his book, ``Trade Based Money Laundering,'' that the forced merger with the former INS, and expansion of Customs missions into immigration enforcement, has not been successful.    Its expertise, skill sets, budgets, and staffing were deluded. The resulting dysfunction within the DHS has been less well-documented. DHS has neither the Customs nor financial expertise to make the TTU a success. The loser here is our ability to tackle trade-based money laundering and trade and tax revenue loss on a grand scale.    It is a missed opportunity to target funds belonging to terrorist groups such as ISIS, which necessarily do participate in their local trade. What is needed in support of a TTU? Detailed transactional import and export data, as well as records of the movement of money for the United States and partner nations.    Movement of trade goods should include bills of lading and manifest records for both imports and exports of the United States. Intermediate container movements, which are readily available, are also useful. ESA data which includes suspicious activity reports will greatly enhance the targeting veracity of the items mentioned above.    At present, the existing DHS TTU's attention is focused 90 percent on South America. That perhaps makes some sense given that DHS' focus is on immigration and drugs. However, I believe this view does little to attack current evolving terrorist threats. The real money flowing to ISIS involves trade from the Middle East, Europe and including Turkey.    With the proper focus on terrorist financing and trade-based money laundering, housed in a financial organization such as FinCEN, which has existing agreements with revenue agencies, we can make a serious dent in the core funding sources of entities such as ISIS.    I recommend the creation of a reinvigorated TTU with an associated budget line from Customs. I also think that a TTU should be housed at FinCEN under Treasury. Treasury is an agency capable of addressing the nexus of trade-based money laundering and tax revenue loss within the existing international agreements.    I believe DHS ICE is not a revenue agency and the Treasury Department is. Giving FinCEN this focus immediately, and full access to the necessary trade data, is the obvious next step, whatever the eventual status of the TTU initiative is within     Let's return to our earlier vision: focus and effectiveness, built on a rapidly increasing number of TTUs analogous to the Egmont Group's financial intelligence units.    I would like to get back on track with this. Thank you for listening.    Mr. Bock. When the effort is made to collect the data and organize it and analyze it, lots of material is created. The biggest problem I have seen in my experience with both the Customs Service and with DHS was that once you found something, you had difficulty bringing it to people who were interested in making the cases.    The priorities out in the field--it was easier for the agents in charge to have arrests made for small quantities of dope or for illegal aliens. In the cases that we came across, such as gold, it is mind-staggering how much money moves there and the amount of things that look good but confuse people. As a result, it needs lots of resources to make the cases, and that is something that the field is not very often interested in doing. And that is our biggest problem.    This case you had in the papers today with DEA is a large case. There wasn't a lot of energy in the field to makes cases like this. That is my biggest complaint. And we had a difficult time getting it out to the field.    Mr. Bock. Yes, they are sharing the information. The financial networks are part of the system that we were using in the trade transparency units within DHS. However, it is difficult to get things--I have to be careful with this.    The things that come from the atmosphere that are captured, it is difficult to get that information put into a report to identify and say, here is some further evidence. It is one thing to say, we see a massive trade flow problem, there are unbelievable amounts of gold coming from a country that doesn't have it. It is another thing to have somebody tell you, we know where the bank accounts are and we know of people making these transactions, and then not being able to tell anybody about it.    So that, in my experience, has been the biggest problem. I think that would have convinced many people to take the cases.    Mr. Bock. I think you can look at Colombia. OEF is there, FIU, and they are spectacularly successful with what they are doing. They have taken some of the information all the way back for 14 years ago when we gave them to it, and they working on the gold cases now. Even as we speak, they are making the cases. So--    Mr. Bock. If I can answer that, I believe that they would very much want to give us the data. It was my experience after 9/11 that Commissioner Bonner demanded the information and they gave it to us willingly.    Mr. Bock. Now, it is a problem that is very large and it needs resources to process the data. But they are not against giving it. It is something that they transmit constantly.    Mr. Bock. I believe that is true, but they would need a little bit of protection on their own because you can find lots of little things they do wrong and they would--that is their main concern, a lot of ``gotchas.''    Mr. Bock. No. The data belongs to FinCEN and to Treasury. These are collection documents that are used to collect taxes and duties. They actually belong to Treasury. To hold them from FinCEN is kind of silly.    Mr. Bock. The difficulty isn't that they will share it. They make it available, but you have to have such high clearance to get to it. And then once you find the material, it is an arduous process to get it downgraded to the point where you can use it in the field. I don't know--I am not an expert in that field, but I can tell you that I found really good stuff there. I just couldn't give it to anybody.    Mr. Bock. Using again the example in Colombia, in order to get around this, we actually set up two units. We had a unit with DIAN, with is their treasury, and as a Customs officer, I was able to communicate directly with DIAN. DIAN wasn't the law enforcement agency. The ULIEF was their FIU. And ULIEF is the one that is prosecuting these cases, to my understanding, at this point.    So, it was a small thing to have two operations set up. But the two operations in Colombia don't talk to each other. It was okay because we were talking to both of them.    Ms. Waters. Mr. Bock?    Mr. Bock. That is not my area of expertise. I handle documents and things, and computer operations. I can't answer that.    Mr. Bock. One of the problems that in my opinion spawned the black market peso exchange was Colombia's effort to control their currency. Early on in the 1990s, they wanted all transactions to be funded through banks. The banks then reported who was doing the imports and the exports. That is what spawned the black market peso exchange.    It is called counter-trade. People have legitimate money in the United States, selling coffee and things that they send to the United States, had a surplus of money in the United States. It was natural for some people who needed tractors in the United States to say, give me that money and I will pay for the tractors. Perfectly legitimate. We drove people with the legislation away from the banks. And that black market peso, you can't follow anywhere, except to one thing. When it is black-market-peso-funded, they usually smuggle it into the country. That is an easy way to find black market peso.    Mr. Bock. The goods.    Mr. Bock. Because the goods enjoy a benefit. They don't have--they are not reported to DIAN. The banks report to DIAN what goods are coming in.    Mr. Bock. That is correct.    Mr. Bock. And on top--    Mr. Bock. Let me give you a better example that happens all the time. It has happened for a long time. We were looking years ago at the movement of gold, all different types of gold. You are all familiar--you have wives or girlfriends, people you buy jewelry for. Twenty-four carat gold, best quality you can get. You can look to a market indicator and know what that is trading for. Anybody can do this.    In a $13-per-unit market, we had stuff coming in from countries where gold never existed. It was being called scrap and was being brought into the United States for $30 a unit. There is nobody going to pay that. It is common sense.    I can't tell you about the cattle, because as John said, they are outliers. But we can see consistent patterns of over-invoicing of goods of different quality, diamonds consistently. Now, why are they doing it? Some of it is because of money laundering. They are illegally transferring profits from drugs. Some of it is tax avoidance. There are any number of good reasons why they may be doing it.    The problem is it is consistent, it is going on all the time, and it is difficult to get somebody to--we had a guy actually go into a place and ask, ``How are you getting goods from this country, gold in particular, and it doesn't exist?''    And the guy said to him right to his face, a criminal investigator, ``It is not coming from there. We are smuggling it from someplace else.''    To me, that would--    Mr. Bock. One of the problems we experienced when we first brought this out was we did not want to tell the foreign governments exactly who the U.S. exporters were, because there are so many things that are going on where pricing is over and under, they are moving money from one place to another.    I am making this up, so please don't--Lou Bock Enterprises, I sell tons of electronic goods. The minute you find somebody who has deep pockets and is doing some various small infraction, that is who they go after. We want them to go after the people who are truly laundering money. We don't want them looking at General Motors. We don't want them looking at IBM. They are doing something. It may be tax fraud, but it is not what we are looking for.    Mr. Bock. As I remember it, the relationship between Colombia and the United States was that Colombia gave us data that was only U.S.-centric. And John had mentioned before about regional trade transparency units. It depends on the agreement we have. If the country only gives us the information between their country and our country, that is all we can focus on.    This material you are talking about in China would have been nice to see, but I don't know whether or not they are supplying it to us. It would have been found if we had been looking at the entire Colombia database. These countries want to share each other's data.    And if we can act as a broker--for instance, Colombia very much wanted to see what Panama was doing. The arrangement was between Colombia and the United States; and Panama and the United States. I don't know if they ever got together and created the regional TTU. But all these countries want to share the data, especially if they can have our data in exchange.    Mr. Bock. There have been times when we pointed out to different governments that there were big issues with very large industries, and for some reason, unbeknownst to me--    Mr. Bock. Most of the countries in South America.    Mr. Bock. When you have something that is a linking to the largest industries in the countries, they are protective of their industries. Whether it is corruption, I am not sure.    Mr. Bock. Since 9/11, either myself with people who work for me and the group that I managed, visited 40 countries on behalf of Commissioner Bonner, who was in charge of customs at the time. And we were trying to extend our borders out with the container security initiative. Of the countries that we visited, and some of these were former Soviet countries, every single person we demonstrated the program to asked, ``Where do we get a copy of this?''    I had permission to give this to the law enforcement people. And we often made it available. They got the program. We handed it--we own the program, so we were able to give it to them.    We had countries that don't give us anything. The Netherlands wanted to hand us a disc and actually did hand us a disc and said, here is our data. We couldn't go back to our organization. The programmers wanted the Netherlands to pay for the processing of their data.    When we had funding, we were able to take this data and do it. The biggest problem is going to be that when you have a country--the United States has a different bookkeeping system than everywhere else in the customs world. That is a blanket statement.    Most other countries use a system called ASYCUDA. We don't use that. Their data is in one format, and we don't accept it, according to our IT people, unless they present it in our format. It costs a lot of money to do this. We could just as easily have it done ourselves. And we did while we were funded. Now, when you go out to somebody, they want money to convert the data.    These people just want to give it to us, as long as we share with them. And I would be willing to bet that we could extend this thing to 40 countries, probably within very short order, if we had money to do it.    Mr. Bock. I think that we are on the right path to it. The government already--all the governments follow a harmonized system of tariffs. That is a description of the goods. And when we look at the rest of the world, they are all in harmony with the way they do their business.    We are the ones who are out of harmony, but we are the biggest economy. And we set the rules. We did it long before anybody else did, so we are set in our ways. We can easily adjust our data to match the rest of the worlds. It is not difficult. The problem is, we need the wherewithal to do it, and of course, I am not with the government anymore so I am not asking you for any money.    But the agencies need the money to normalize our data with the foreign countries.    Mr. Bock. That is what I would say, yes. We have already--the government has already paid to take our data and make it match everybody else.    Mr. Bock. Look, even if the countries don't even have computers in them, all the countries that supply goods to these foreign countries, to this country, have records. They get there on a ship. That ship is making records of how it got there. It is telling everybody this thing one from our place to your place.    Whether the person who got it tells us anything, we can still know what is going on. And that is the part we are trying to push here. When I read to you about the manifest data, these cut--the shipping companies actually gave us the data of all the worldwide movements of cargo. We put it in a database.    Mr. Bock. You could watch all the zigs in the zags of the container. We built a system around that. They are willing to do that. It costs them nothing to give us that. All we have to do is put a computer in place to make it work. That gives you a chance to look into the country that does not have the data. And that is where the value comes from building this thing and it may sound crazy, but it actually works and we had it working. It was funded. I don't want to get into that part of it all, but when the funding went away all the advancement of moving this forward kind of came to a halt. And I think in fact so did the acquisition of new TTUs because you need some money to go back and forth and whatever. I don't want to lecture you. Does that help you?    Mr. Bock. Yes, absolutely. Over the years we have had cases that countries--Argentina, Peru--had $100 million recoveries. We have a United States case where they recovered $100 million of tax on freon back in the days of the ozone-depleting chemicals, the hole in the sky. They recovered $100 million. This whole project didn't cost $30 million.    Mr. Bock. Twenty years.    Mr. Bock. When you have all this data amassed, the beauty of it all is it is like fishing in a barrel, okay? They can do what they want to hide. You catch them here. We have stopped things. There have been big cases that Customs made, D.A. made, poll a cop and this and that. And you could see when you squeeze it here, it popped up somewhere else. If you have the database in place, and you are looking at trade, you can see it.    When we squeeze one place--Mexico went up. All of a sudden, Mexico was shipping gold. It is exactly--the analogy of water is perfect. It will find another level, but if you have the data in a place where you are looking back, you can see the bulges elsewhere. And that is probably the most interesting part of this whole exercise for me. You can do some predictive work.