    Ms. Regalbuto. Good morning, Chairman Simpson, Ranking Member Kaptur, and members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to be here today to represent the Department of Energy's Office of Environmental Management and to discuss the work that we have already successfully accomplished and what we plan to accomplish under the President's fiscal 2017 budget request.    The total budget request for the EM program is $6.1 billion, which includes $5.4 billion of new appropriations, and $674 million of proposed mandatory spending as you correctly mentioned. The request will allow EM to maintain a safe and secure posture across the complex. We are maximizing our work on compliance activities.    I would like to take this opportunity to briefly highlight a number of EM's recent accomplishments. Earlier this month, on a schedule with agreement with the State of Washington, workers started pumping tank waste from AY-102, one of our oldest double-shield tanks at the Hanford Site. This is a huge accomplishment by our workers, as you know that they are working in very, very challenging conditions. At the Savannah River site, the 4,000th canister radioactive glass was recently poured. Achieving this milestone enabled us to close the seven high level waste tanks at the site. And at Moab Site half of the estimated 60 million tons of uranium mill tailings have been removed and shipped to an engineering disposal cell.    The fiscal 2017 budget request will allow us to continue to make progress in our ongoing cleanup priorities. Among EM's top priorities is the safe reopening of WIPP. EM continues to support recovery from two incidents at the facility that interrupted the national program for the disposal of transuranic waste. The request will support initiating waste emplacement operations by December of 2016, if it is safe to do so. In Idaho, the request will support the Integrated Waste Treatment Unit. This facility is planned to treat approximately 900,000 gallons of sodium-bearing tank waste. At the Savannah River Site we will complete construction and ramp up commissioning activities at the salt Waste Processing Facility which will significantly increase our ability to treat tank waste. In addition, we will also continue to receive, store, and process spent nuclear reactor fuel. At the Hanford Office of River Protection the request supports continued construction of the low activity waste facility, balance of plant, and outfitting of the analytical laboratory, which are the centerpieces of the Department's plan to begin the direct feed of low activity waste as soon as 2022.    The requests at Richland allow us to continue important work on the central plateau and to complete the demolition of Hanford's Plutonium Finishing Plant, once one of the most dangerous buildings in the complex.    At Oak Ridge the request supports continuing design of the Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility at the Y-12 National Security Complex and complete the demolition of Building K-27, the last gaseous diffusion enrichment processing building. It will mark the first time that a gaseous diffusion enrichment site has been completely decommissioned.    With the most challenging cleanup remaining we understand importance of technology development in reducing life cycle costs and enhancing our effectiveness. To help address many of the technical challenges involved the request reflects a total investment in technology development of $33 million. The funding will allow us to continue to integrate robotics technology into our efforts to help improve overall work and quality of life by easing the performance of physically demanding tasks.    In closing, I am deeply honored to be here today representing the Office of Environmental Management. We are committed to achieve our mission and will continue to apply innovating strategies to complete our mission safely.    Thank you very much for having me here today and I will be happy to answer any of your questions.    Ms. Regalbuto. I would be happy to do so. Thank you very much for your question. The Department of Energy Office of Environmental Management breaks down the projects into a number of different categories. One is material disposition and spent fuel disposition, the other one is sold waste, followed by soil and groundwater and facility activation, and then the most challenging one, which is liquid waste.    In the area of nuclear material disposition and spent nuclear fuel disposition, we pretty much are complete with that task and we have successful consolidated and packaged those materials and they are ready to go once a disposal facility is available. So those we have completed. And, I am sorry, let me give you this for the record.    Ms. Regalbuto. I am sorry.    Ms. Regalbuto. These are all the sites and they are lumped by the level of risk and difficulty that we face. So the first two categories, which is nuclear material disposition and spent fuel, we pretty much have completed--and you can see that by the blue bars, almost all the ones to the right hand side. And we have a number of containers and the bulk of the material. So once a disposal facility is available those are ready to go.    The next category I would like to highlight is solid waste disposal. And let me focus your attention to contact-handled, which is the low level waste, the mixed low level waste and the transuranic waste. Those are roughly about anywhere between 75 and 80 percent completed. But clearly the transuranic waste that is remote-handled is still in just initiating. And we only initiated that at Idaho with terms of packing and the like. So it is the first site that we are actually doing this is in a very extensive form.    In terms of soil, groundwater remediation, that is about 75 percent. This is where we actually do a lot of pump and treat. And I would like to emphasize that this is the area, even though it says estimated end date is 2075, this is where when we invest technology we can actually have a significant reduction on to-go cost. So what happens right now is doing pump and treat and we are trying to in the future move into bioremediation so we don't have to spend all that energy and different ionic exchange resins and the material that goes into doing this, mechanically pumping and treating. So there are a number of other technologies in the future as we move forward that require bioremediation that are more passive and actually will decrease that to go cost. And we started doing some of that at Savannah River, so we are in the process of testing.    So that is where, in my opinion, investing some technology money really will pay in the future. So we are looking forward to those results.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. It is more the amount of material.    Ms. Regalbuto. For groundwater?    Ms. Regalbuto. Ok, so if we don't account for the tank wastes, because the tank waste is by gallons versus by footprint, right.    Ms. Regalbuto. If you don't account for that I would say we are about 60 percent.    Ms. Regalbuto. Without tank waste, 25 years. With tank years, 50.    Ms. Regalbuto. Good morning, sir.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question. The Secretary's Infrastructure Panel or Excess Facility Panel is something that we all collectively collaborated. So it was Office of Science, NNSA, some of the smaller offices of DOE and Environmental Management. We have a report that is scheduled to be published. I believe it is at the beginning of the summer. But we certainly have enough information to do a briefing at any time that you may be available, or the committee will be available.    Basically what it has done is it has ranked the different excess facilities in terms of risk. So what are the most high-risk facilities, and associated I would say a predetermined cost next to each of those facilities. So, for example, the Y-12 facilities are already on the list and I think many of you know that. There are also some facilities that currently are not on the list that belong to Office of Science. And there is the caveat of some small universities and the likes.    So that integrated list will be available once the report comes out. And I can find out exactly the date when the report will be out, but we will be happy to come back and brief you just specifically on the findings of that report.    Ms. Regalbuto. I appreciate the opportunity for the cleanup caucus to review this report and I will find out exactly the date that it is available, but if it is not available by the date, I believe it is April 20, for the caucus, we will be happy to still keep it on the agenda and give an informative briefing to the people participating because we do welcome their feedback. So regardless if the report is in final concurrence, because it has to go through a lot of desks, we will be happy to report on the findings.    Ms. Regalbuto. So more than happy to facilitate that.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question and interest. We are committed to meeting the consent agreement with the State of Tennessee for the historic preservation. In fiscal 2016 we received, and thank you for all of your support, $6 million which we are currently using those funds to meet our commitment for the visitor center for K-25. So we are using the funds that we receive in 2016 and continue to do and fulfill our agreements with the Historic Preservation Office. I understand there is a viewing tower in the visitor center planned with that money.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you very much. I am very familiar with the Oak Ridge site as I started my career back in 1988, and I have seen the town, as you mentioned, really not blooming anymore. I still remember driving to the mall and the mall was closed.    Ms. Regalbuto. And that really has a big impact, at least to me, when I used to be able to go and walk around after work and just get a little exercise. I do recognize that a lot of this is an impact to your local government. And the water plant, the details of that water plant and in what condition it is and when was this transferred, is something that I will have to go back and look at it. And I would be happy to work with you and the committee related to these issues.    I do personally recognize that sometimes when decisions are made the exact impact of the well being of that facility is not truly known.    Ms. Regalbuto. So we understand that.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question. I do share your frustration on this land transfer. Unfortunately, as you mentioned, there are a number of agencies that have to be involved in all of this review process, and each of them have a set of days that they have to go through. So we are committed to try to streamline anything that is within our control, so anything within, inside DOE we can expedite and control that. Once it gets to interagency, it requires a little bit more difficulty. For example, the last transfer that we did for the Metropolitan Knoxville Laboratory Station for the airport had to go through endless steps, including signing by EPA, the Governor's Office, Department of Energy, transfer to the GSA, and eventually transfer to the city. So those are the number of things that we are required to do in order to transfer land, and I recognize that it is a very tedious process.    On the positive side, we did send the committee yesterday afternoon a letter regarding a transfer in the ownership of K-31 and K-33 to Oak Ridge Economic Development Organization, so it may be working down the committee, and so that puts you 60 days away for getting 280 acres. So we are very excited about that. We are very excited, actually, with working with your community to do this, and during my business to Portsmouth and Paducah, I have set Oak Ridge and the model that you have for economic redevelopment as an example. So one of the things that we are going to be working with the unions and the community members at Portsmouth and Paducah is to bring Sue to come in and brief them, and also invite some of your community organizers to come in and teach them how they change from going from gaseous diffusion into an economic redevelopment area. So we are very happy and it was very well received by both Portsmouth and Paducah, because we have done this once already.    Unfortunately, we know how much this costs, too, which is significant, but we also know some of the headaches that you mentioned and some of the lessons learned, so, hopefully, communities like Portsmouth and Paducah can benefit for the same type of turning gaseous diffusion plants into more economic development areas. And I certainly hope that your small business does not leave, because we do champion small business communities, and we actually try to do our best to promote that and increase that at the local level.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes, we are very happy.    Ms. Regalbuto. So let me address that. IWTU has a first of a kind technology, which is really the most challenging thing. Traditionally, we use either solvent extraction or ion exchange to do any of the separations of any of the materials, and then we either vitrify or grout. Those two technologies, vitrification and grout, are already being used every single day at Savannah National Lab and throughout facilities throughout the rest of the world. Hanford has the vitrification technology for the low activity waste. At least we do not have any of the dark cells, which have been really the issue of some of the technical issue resolutions, and we do not have any of the pulse jet mixers, also, which is another reason where those are new in this enterprise. So LAW has paddle mixers and traditional mixers that we use at Savannah River. It has ion exchange, filtration, similar technology that we used before.    On the other hand, IWTU, unfortunately, when the technology was selected, they selected one that is not used commonly for environmental remediation. It is used in the pharmaceutical industry, and it is also used in some cases in the gas and oil industry for basically the catalytic converters where you increase your yield of gasoline. Those are projects that, in just my personal opinion, all of them make money on their product, so they can afford an exotic technology. In our case, we do not make money from our product. Our product is waste that is going to be disposed, so that has been the main challenge in IWTU, but we cannot correlate that to WTP, because it is a completely different technology. WTP correlates better with Savannah River because the technologies are the same.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your interest in WIPP. WIPP is, as you know, our highest priority. It does have an effect throughout the complex, and their inability to move waste has significantly affected the rest of the sites and our ability to meet the commitments with the other States. So it is critically very important for us.    We are on target to reinitiate operations at the end of this year, December of 2016, provided it is safe to do so, we will never put safety ahead of a schedule, but right now, we are on target. We have got three activities, main activities, that need to be completed for us to reinitiate waste and placement operations.    One is the DSA approval, which we are in the process to do so. We are working with the regulators and we are working with the Defense Board and all the interest stakeholders. We have been very transparent through our recovery process. We have town hall meetings, and we keep a website with every single piece of information we generate so the community knows exactly what we are doing, and also the regulators. So we will have the DSA approval, which is followed by an operation readiness review; one is done by the contractor, one is done by DOE, and other people are observers during this. Once we have that, we are ready to initiate operations.    At the same time, there are a number of permit modifications that we are working with the State of New Mexico, and we are on target to complete our permit modifications as the schedule requires. So going back to the delay on the schedule, the original schedule that was published was published before the second Accident Investigation Board report was released. Once the second Accident Investigation Board report was released, it was clear that there were a significant number of things that needed to be done before we restart operations, and the most important one was--and I can briefly summarize it as--WIPP had to be a more demanding customer. So, in other words, we have to expand our boundaries all the way to the waste generators, because in order to protect our facility, we have to protect the start before the waste initiates. So that has caused some delays in the thinking, including some of the DSA and also a delay from the contractor--was also delayed by a number of months. So that caused the shift to December.    Regarding funding, there was a decrease this year for $33 million, and that is really just a signal of we are making progress. Regarding funding to support the SEPs, and I am not a lawyer, so I will have to refer you back to general counsel, just a little engineer here, but it is my understanding from the attorneys that there is authorization under the Land Withdrawal Act to do this type of activities, but I would be happy to go back and take this as an action and get back to the committee. In essence, I really do not have the personal knowledge on that. What I can tell you is that the request includes for 2017, $18.4 million, and that is on PBS CB 0080, which is really our operating disposal of facilities, and the total for that PBS is $196.3 million, of which $18.4 are specifically for roads and operations.    Ms. Regalbuto. I will follow up on why they did not create a new line item. Personally, I do not know the answer. What I can tell you is that it is not an ongoing cost, it is a one-time use of the money. It is almost like a grant that goes to the State and then the State manages multiyears. But I do not know the answer why they did not create a line item, and I would be happy to go back and get an answer for the committee.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question. We try not to miss milestones. That is a number one priority. When we see a milestone that is at risk, we engage with the State and EPA and the other agencies, and in some of our agreements, we have the opportunity to have a dialogue and change the dates as needed, so usually, that is the first thing we do. It is only when we cannot reach an agreement with the State or tri-parties or the stakeholders that we end up in an unfortunate litigation path. I personally prefer not to be there, because I will have to use my best engineers to start doing the positions on litigation when they should be doing cleanup. So, unfortunately, it is a big distraction for everybody, including the State and the Department of Energy and taxpayers at the end of the day. So that normally goes through a litigation process, which is held by the Department of Justice. It is not done by DOE, so Department of Justice does that. I will tell you that appropriated funds are not used to pay fines. We do not have that authority.    Ms. Regalbuto. That at least has been what counsel has mentioned to me.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. I don't have the exact number, but let me try. I think it is about $150 billion. So $150 billion since 1988.    Ms. Regalbuto. When Department of Energy created the Office of Environmental Management. There was a big spike during American Recovery Act, as you probably remember where the funding almost doubled. That was since 1988. But we have gone from 104 sites to 16 sites.    Ms. Regalbuto. One hundred and four to 16 remaining sites. So that has been the footprint reduction--is huge. Rocky Flats and Mound were two huge industrial complexes that are gone. And when people say what impresses you the most, we say is what I don't see anymore, right, when you don't see this big industrial complex. So, you know, truly they are really like little mini cities that were built with complete infrastructure needs to be knocked out.    So in terms of our disposition of the facilities, one of our main goals is to decrease the hotel costs. So some of our investments, for example, in the gaseous diffusion plants are to consolidate a lot of the switch yards. Those were very energy intense facilities. They tend to have four different switch yards to feed the facility. We eliminate all of them except for one so we can continue having electricity and the like for our D&D activities, but we don't need to support all other ones.    We also do the material consolidation because material consolidation requires a high cost on safeguards and security and we are down to pretty much one, when we started with, you know, every site had everything. So now we are consolidating in that. So tried to, as much as to the extent possible, use our funding in a balanced approach where we tried to bring down hotel costs because that is money spend ahead of time.    We also like to forecast what is coming ahead. So, for example, even though the Y-12 facilities haven't been transferred to us, eventually they will. I hope with some funding too, right. And we know already that there is a mercury problem associated with all of the COLEX facilities which used to, at the time, they separated lithium and they used mercury in the liquid phase as a catalyst. So it is all over the place, and it is in the groundwater, it is in the soil, it is in metallic form, it is everywhere in the Y-12 facilities.    So knowing that, we are spending some technology dollars on that already and the purpose of doing that is we don't have to wait until they transfer those facilities. We can proactively start thinking how to invest in what is going to come ahead.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes, we are very happy and we are going to have a little ceremony in Tennessee when we finish that one and we would be happy if any of you could come to this end of the gaseous diffusion plant. It really is, it is a big win for us.    So I have a little mercury plan. This is in general for doing the cleanup of Y-12s that I will pass for the record if the committee would like to take a look at.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you. The mercury storage facility, we have seen it bubble up, and I personally think it is a great idea because everybody has this orphan material all over the place, right, which is not a good way to manage it. Right now, the purview for the building of the mercury facility relies on the Office of Legacy Management. It is not under our purview. So we have given them forecasts and a number of things that can be done. I know some communities have expressed interest in hosting this facility. But I will have to get back to you with details.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question. We do take WIPP starting to take care of the backlog very seriously. Let me walk you through a couple of things that are being done.    In 2017, we requested sufficient funds for five shipments a week. That is, to give you a comparison, in our heydays, it was 17 shipments a week. With that, the purpose of doing that, and the reason why we cannot do 17 is because we don't have full ventilation capacity. So this is a slow ramp.    Ms. Regalbuto. It is a partial.    Ms. Regalbuto. When the full ventilation capacity comes into effect, then we can resume full operations, which is our goal. How do we determine WIPP? So there is a number of things that happens. One is, as part of the accident investigation report, and the fact that we need to go and relook at what is packaged and how we are going to package, we have done a number of scans throughout the complex and see if there is anything in there that could be concerning, right.    So that is ongoing right now. And we have what we call the TRU Corporate Board where all the stakeholders who generate transuranic waste are part of the TRU Corporate Board, and they collectively determine what is the best way to do this. They met about a month ago, about 3 or 4 weeks ago. And the collective recommendation is that we are going to do what we call a weighted average. Basically, those who have the most get the majority of the shipments. Those who have less get the least amount of shipments, and we start moving things from all the sites.    As you mentioned, Idaho has the greatest number of transuranic waste in the complex, so the weighted average is higher for Idaho, basically because of the amount of material that is currently stored. And if we look at the snapshot chart in here, you will see there is a little bit of transuranic waste generated, remote handled, that is all in Idaho. So we will be able to support those.    Our plan is to increase operations as soon as the ventilation is up and running. So we will need to have, for full operations, we do need to have the complete ventilation.    Ms. Regalbuto. From the quick scan that I have seen people doing, it is really more about what we call by waste streams. And also some waste streams in Sandia National Lab does and Los Alamos, also, but none of the other sites. We have a complete inventory of everything and we know exactly what waste stream was what and where it is. So some of them, they are suspicious if you want to call it that way, haven't been packaged. So that is an advantage. There is a small percentage of some that we will be a little more careful and set aside, but they are not in the giant number of dollars.    One thing that we are investing in and we hope this technology pays for us is currently all we do is do an x-ray, and an x-ray just gives you a limited information. But if you ever had a CT scan, and I don't know if you have had the opportunity to, but I have.    Ms. Regalbuto. So a CT scan gives you significantly much more information. And so we already have CT scan technology in Homeland Security for cargoes that go in and out of our ports and we are actually building a prototype to scan our drums using a CT scan. So that will give us one more sense of confidence of what goes in there.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. Well, first of all, we hope we don't have that, but our strategy is not based on hope.    Ms. Regalbuto. Our strategy is not based on hope, it is based on what we have, right. So we are being extremely careful. And I jokingly say I wouldn't want to be the first drum going down the shaft because it is going to be really scrutinized. But that is what needs to happen and the ventilation will take in account.    Now, remember that before the incident, we didn't have the ability to detect radioactive--airborne radiation inside the mine. And all of that has changed. So there is all the instrumentation in place to do that.    Ms. Regalbuto. All right. So let me walk you through plutonium disposition. There are two types of plutonium assays, right, one that is a very low assay, which is waste, and the other one is pit material, which is very high assay. We have already disposed at WIPP low assay plutonium material because it is transuranic waste. So you have uranium on the periodic table and then you move to the right, so plutonium, neptunium, americium, and curium, so there is plutonium there, right.    And that has already been--happened in an assay. They put an environmental impact statement a year ago in April, and they did select the preferred method for 6 metric tons. Again, that is low plutonium assay, which we already have disposed.    If they decide to go on record of decision, and they will have to down blend, terminate safeguards, and package, which will take a number of years, and then they have to go to the queue. So the queue is determined by the stakeholders in the TRU Corporate Board. So unless somebody else is willing to give their spot, right, so they have to go to the queue as everybody else is in the queue. So that is where we are with the potential situation.    Ms. Regalbuto. Right. Those are higher priorities. You have to go to the queue.    Ms. Regalbuto. No. The MOX alternative right now, they are looking at options, and WIPP is an option, but also, all other repositories are potential facilities, could be an option. We personally are focusing on initiating waste and placement right now. So we have not done any analysis. That will be done by     Ms. Regalbuto. So let me give you a little bit of background. Regarding the alternatives, I am familiar with the document. I read it a long time ago, so I don't have all the details right now in my mind. But I understand that the proposal is to down blend and dispose as opposed to converting to fuel. When one down blends and dispose, you actually take the plutonium assays and you mix it with a lot of other materials, which is classified, but it is a big mixture, right. And then you package and you dispose.    So I did read in the media the concern regarding criticality. And I can only tell you a couple of things, basing it off of my engineering knowledge. And that is, one, in order for you to have criticality, two things have to occur. One is the plutonium molecules or the--not only the plutonium but the fissile material has to see each other. Ok, so they have to be close by. And second, they have to be a neutron generation. Those two things have to happen. So when you down blend plutonium or any fissile material, I mean it could be HEU for that event, same thing. When you down blend, you sparse the matrix, you know, collapsing or crunching or whatever is really not a separations method. So that would not happen.    In addition, you have sodium chloride, which is one of the best neutron absorbents ever. So you don't have any neutron generation and that is why the accident is not credible. So, you know, from a point of view fissile material going critical, it is not like it is a reactor where everything is assigned to go like that. These are passive facilities.    Ms. Regalbuto. It gets collapsed, not condensed.    Ms. Regalbuto. So condensed means that I will have to take----    Ms. Regalbuto. Yeah. So the same way, we have this bottle right, and we squish it and do whatever we want to do, that doesn't mean we physically separate the oxygen from the hydrogen. That takes a lot of effort. So, that is exactly the argument is you can do a lot of things here, but you really have not separated oxygen from hydrogen. And in this case you don't separate the plutonium from the matrix that it is in. It is very difficult. So it is not done by physical crunching or mechanical things.    Ms. Regalbuto. They are not wrong. It is just the probability. And, you know, there is a probability of something happening, and the way I can equate it to you is, there is a probability that I can grow 5 inches if I go to Mars, too, like the astronaut, right. But unfortunately, you know, my probability is very low that that will actually happen. But it is feasible that I could grow 5 inches if I go to space for 5 years. I think it was 2 inches per year, so maybe I will need to be there 2\1/2\. But this is based on probabilities, and some things are more credible than the others. And I think the Secretary mentioned the scenario was incredible given the circumstances. So it is not like a disagreement on the physics of things, it is really on the probability of that happening that is really the disagreement.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question. We are actually very excited about the Manhattan National Park. In 2015, at the end of 2015, Department of Energy signed the Memorandum of Agreement with the National Park Service, which is part of the Department of Interior. And the Department of Interior manages all the park services for us and we are very happy for that collaboration. There are a couple of steps that we are following.    Number one that has to occur--and this is actually a newer learning for me because I have never been in a situation where a national park is being built, so it is kind of learning for all of us.    First of all, we have to have what they call a foundation document and that will be completed in 2016. Once that foundation document is provided that is what the Department of Interior calls the comprehensive interpretation plan and that is scheduled for 2017. You will see these activities and the funding request will come from the Department of Interior, but what is DOE doing in the process as we are going into this path?    What we are doing is we are continuing to execute maintenance and surveillance of the facilities, but we are also rating the sites so that when these plans start being implemented, our timing of how we allow visitors to come into the areas is done properly. Right now I think you are familiar, one of our open sites already is B Reactor and B Reactor has hosted 60,000 visitors in the last 6 years and that is because we cap it at 10,000; otherwise, we cannot do it. It is run by volunteers and community members and we offered the tickets for free and the minute that they are offered, they are gone. If we offer 20,000, we will get 20,000, so we are very excited. We are using our own funds to make sure that these facilities come out to be released to the public at the right time.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question. We do share the same concern regarding the lack of funding for the UED&D as we move forward. We do have one thing that we have learned and that is we are about to complete this year the Gaseous Diffusion Facility at Oak Ridge. Our cost estimate is based on actually a job already being executed, which is a really good number. Our projection is that to finish the job at Portsmouth and Paducah is going to cost between 20 and $22 billion. That is the cost.    Unfortunately, when the contributions to the fund were stopped back in I think it was 2006, I can't remember the exact date, but when the contributions were stopped, we didn't really know the true cost of what this job was going to take. The Secretary has been very interested in making sure that we follow the principles of polluter pays and that is something that he feels very strongly. I understand that the Department will be forthcoming with a proposal to the Authorizing Committee and also will come back and brief you at a later date related to that, but we do have really solid costs. We finished the job and we know exactly what it is.    These facilities are big industrial sites and not only do they have radioactive hazards, they have a significant amount of chemical hazards that we have to deal with. So those are two main things that we have to look at.    Ms. Regalbuto. I think I am asking myself the same thing. Actually I have to tell you one thing. I have been very passionate about this type of work. I started my career at Argonne National Laboratory back in 1988, and I had just come out of grad school from the University of Notre Dame and I was pregnant with my third child and I needed a part-time job back then and when I requested a part-time job in industry they looked at me like I came from Mars. That was back in the eighties and those were different times, I understand. But I was very fortunate to be able to get a part-time job at Argonne National Laboratory. And my first job that I ever got was working with tank waste at Hanford. We were working with the transuranic--at the time it was Argonne East and West, so Idaho was part of the mix, and we were working with transuranic waste. And the plan was to take the fraction of low activity waste, high activity waste and then one was grouting, one was with petrified. We worked in the chemical process that did that.    Over the years things change in terms of areas, but I also had the opportunity to work in other projects that have been implemented. For example, I was very fortunate to work with my colleagues at Idaho National Lab, Oak Ridge, Savannah River, and Argonne, too.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yeah. Well, are you all from here? Ok.    Ms. Regalbuto. And we did all the cleanup work that is now the basis for SWPF at Savannah River. So I really believe in these efforts.    Ms. Regalbuto. Oh, really?    Ms. Regalbuto. No, no, I really did not know.    Ms. Regalbuto. I am going to have to look at your----    Ms. Regalbuto. No, we do not want to go there. We do not want to go there. No, seriously, I did not realize that.    Ms. Regalbuto. First of all, thank you for your confidence in me on this job and you have my full commitment that we will spend all our money that we are given to the environmental mission job wisely. And just a comment on that is we do not have the luxury of time anymore. Our infrastructure is old and the tanks are getting old. So my sense of urgency does not come from just simply wanting to get this. It is because I understand that we are beyond the point of luxury of time. The tanks are aging and we need to work on that.    Ms. Regalbuto. The budget request for EM?    Ms. Regalbuto. For deferred maintenance for us is actually higher. Let me get you the deferred maintenance number. Was that--300, I want to say? Do you have the numbers?    Ms. Regalbuto. No, let me have them check my number for you.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yeah, I would be happy to get back to you. I believe ours went up. Specifically, at Savannah River we increased--okay, what is the first--that one went down. Ok. Oh, that is the backlog. So we do have an investment in infrastructure and the investment in infrastructure is half a billion for EM across four sites: Carlsbad, Savannah River, Richland operations, and WTP--well, ORP. So those are the four and it is half a billion. It is 500 million for that. This is the backlog, unfortunately. Unfortunately, the backlog grows every year, which is a sad part.    Ms. Regalbuto. For Savannah River, we added an additional 30 million in infrastructure because we have some finance from the defense board in some of the buildings that were high issues.    Ms. Regalbuto. So anything that is fuel take-back programs and things that NSSA has the purview, it is their responsibility to provide the funding for us to do so.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes, it is.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes. Thank you very much. As I mentioned, a milestone is something that we take very serious. It is our commitment to the State and the stakeholders. At the point that any milestone is at risk we inform the State and the stakeholders that this will happen. We will enter into a period of negotiation in trying to address it. Some of the milestones are technical issues and some of the milestones are strictly funding, as you mentioned. I will say the majority are funding and to a lesser extent technical issues.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes, we do recognize that we were number one employer, right, during the Manhattan Project and, yes, all these sites tend to be remote because that is how they got picked, right? One of the good examples that we use is Oak Ridge, at least from the EM point of view, where we really have worked with the community through the community reuse organization. Another very good example is Richland in Hanford where we have already released a significant amount of acres of our land to industrial revitalization. I will say the sooner we initiate conversations with the community, the better it becomes.    Also, we do respect that the community sometimes has a desire for us to initiate cleanup in a slightly different sequence because they have a reuse program in mind, and when that happens we work with the community in going to the priorities that allows them to release the land or use the land sooner.    At Oak Ridge, we were still doing D&D for the East Tennessee Technology Park and, at the same time, we have a number of small businesses moving in, so we coordinated that as we work our way out of the demolition jobs.    Ms. Regalbuto. As you mentioned, we reached the agreement with the Department of Interior on the National Park Services in 2015, and actually that was really a great opportunity for us to get kickstarted. I know that many people worked very, very hard over the years to make this happen.    In 2016, we have to combine it and it is led by the Department of Interior. We have to deliver the foundation document. And this is all news to me because I am used to a NEPA process and surplus and whatever, but they do have a process, too.    And after the foundation document is delivered, then they have what they call a comprehensive plan. And in the plan is where it spells out what is going to be needed, the funding, and the likes. This will be part of the Department of Interior.    With that said, we also have responsibilities on the EM side, and that is we continue surveillance, we continue to execute the mission so those parcels of property become ready for public access, and our job really is to coordinate as Interior moves forward to make those pieces of property available.    We also have the responsibility for long-term surveillance of any of the sites because of the type of materials that were present in the past.    I was mentioning before, the B Reactor in Hanford has received already 60,000 visitors in 6 years. That is already open to the public. If we could give more tickets, more people would come. It really is a destination area, and we have busloads of folks coming in who want to see the reactor.    So, that one is already ongoing, and it will be folded into as part of the Manhattan Project National Park, but some areas are already open. We are very happy for that.    Ms. Regalbuto. The cost of operating will have to be negotiated after they have the comprehensive plan, but we are responsible for cleaning the sites. So, what we spend is money that is used to clean up our sites.    Ms. Regalbuto. It is not a line item. It is embedded in the operations of Richland, Oak Ridge, and Los Alamos, for whatever pieces we are responsible for. So, if our job is to do surveillance, it would be embedded in there, but if you would like us to give you some more detail, I will be happy to do that.    Ms. Regalbuto. We do not open the whole site. We only open segments of the sites, and we have to make sure they are available, 100 percent safe for the public to come. Otherwise, we cannot use those facilities.    Ms. Regalbuto. No, all is existing. So, if you have a chance to go to B Reactor, you actually get to go to the control room with the original furniture that was in there. Of course, we removed all the radioactive materials and the like, but there is really no cost, and it is usually manned by volunteers who used to work in those facilities. The tours are very good. They are really, really good.    Ms. Regalbuto. So, right now, we have not moved any new facilities to the EM side in the last few years, mainly because of budget constraints. So, once you get into----    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes, somebody owns that liability no matter what; yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. I do not know the exact amount until the report comes out, which will tally out the total liability regardless of who owns it, as to your point. We will come back and brief you on that. That exercise is ongoing, and that was one of the number one priorities, the Secretary wanted to know how much is still there, regardless of what office it does belong.    So, we will have to come back to you, but it is part of this----    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question. First, the request is $800 million, which is, you know, $190 million below the appropriated funds from last year. We do have a significant amount of carryover from the bump up we got the year before.    Still remaining in the funding is areas of significant progress that we have done, and in order to do risk reduction, so PFP will be completed to a slab-on-grade this year, it will be done, and as you remember, it was the number one most dangerous building in the whole complex. So, we are very happy to have moved that one off the list.    We also continue to do cesium and strontium capsule packaging in order to get it out of the old building, and the infrastructure is going down, and we will get out of there.    In the same process, we are moving sludge out of the River Corridor, so we are packaging, procuring equipment, and initiating operations in order to start moving that area's sludge into the Central Plateau. So, that is still funded.    We have also the 324 building, we are still working on the technology development for the soil underneath, and that will be done this year, so we can initiate that. The 618-10 burial grounds, we are also working on some of the vertical pipe units. So, that is ongoing.    We recognize it is less than the appropriated funds from last year, but it is not at the expense--we really do look across them, and there are other sites that----    Ms. Regalbuto. Not as of today.    Ms. Regalbuto. You are welcome to come and help.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you very much. Thank you, sir.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you for your question. We do share your concern regarding project management and escalating of costs. This has been something that the Secretary has taken very seriously, and we have a number of initiatives that we are putting forward, including new project oversight, specifically     We have an owner's rep that was recommended in the past for us to hire, so we hire persons to oversee WTP. We also have a revision in cost estimates and also assessment fees for performance, which is supporting the Secretary's strategy.    Regarding WTP, the cost is still listed as $13 billion, as you correctly pointed out. We are in the process of rebaselining that cost estimate, and that is really because we are taking out of the original contract--which was really all WTP--taking out the phased approach, which includes the Low Activity Waste, the Balance of Plant, meaning the infrastructure needed to support that, and then the labs, so we can initiate that project by 2022.    We are engaged in negotiations with the contractor, we are about to finish those negotiations, and once those negotiations are completed, we will rebaseline and we will provide that information to the committee.    Regarding the rest of----    Ms. Regalbuto. To initiate the facility? To commission the facility, yes, 690 per year. We have to distribute those costs. That is the target date for operations.    Ms. Regalbuto. Once we finish the negotiations with the contractor, which should be very, very soon, we will come back and provide that information to the committee, but it will be rebaselined, yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes.    Ms. Regalbuto. So, thank you for your question, and we do share with you the fact that these costs are significantly higher. One of the areas, as I mentioned, is we will be completed with the first gaseous diffusion facility at Oak Ridge.    So, we now know the true cost of what it takes for these facilities, and then we have Portsmouth and Paducah, which are very similar, all three facilities were almost identical. The to-go cost for those two facilities is anywhere between 20 and $22 billion. This is based on real work that we did at Oak Ridge.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes, the two sites, Portsmouth and Paducah. Recognizing that, unfortunately, when the contributions to the UED&D Fund stopped by the people that use those enrichment facilities, we did not really know the cost of this job. So, we stopped it too soon.    There has been some estimates that it is about a quarter of a million per kilowatt hour, which is really the fair cost of doing the decommissioning of these facilities, and the Secretary has proposed some language, and the department will be forthcoming with these proposals, but basically going back to the principle that the polluter pays.    So, it is a combination of not having the complete costs at the right time when we stopped the contributions to the fund.    I do understand the concern, and once we start moving into this area, I will be very happy to work with you and the committee because we do need a long-term plan for these facilities.    The workforce needs to be stable, and one of the reasons why we are looking at this proposal is to provide some stability and funding at least for a few years until we really fix the big problem, which is the 20 to $22 billion. It is important that we proceed with this.    These are very large complexes, they are almost little cities, the two of them are little cities right now.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes. We do have a number of things that we would like to implement, and one is training as the number one priority. We do have a very good workforce and they are coming from other facilities, especially in Ohio, that we can train to do the kind of work that we do.    We also have a very nice initiative which is a robotics initiative, and it is our view that the same way we transfer a lot of the knowledge in robotics from Homeland Security to the police departments, we can do that in the environmental management arena.    So, we are working with some of the employment groups. In fact, we will be visiting Sandia next week, because they were the ones who did this for the police department, so the goal is what we call the ``safety of science,'' but it has to be driven by the workers, not by us, right, because the workers know what tools do and what tools do not benefit them.    There are a number of tools that we have that are really much more modern, and make their quality of life significantly better. What I like the most is it allows them to transfer this knowledge to other areas, so we joined the National Robotics Initiative.    I will give you an example. The same prosthetics that were used and are targeted are used by the National Institutes of Health, because the population is getting older and people have to lift patients and the like, so the same exoskeleton that is used to lift is what we will use to lift a piece of equipment.    Once they are trained in that area, they do not even have to stay with us, although I wish they would, because we pay for them and train them, but they can actually get jobs outside.    Ms. Regalbuto. It is under technology development. We also joined the National Science Foundation. There is some money there, go directly to universities. The goal is to have a workers, the universities, and the national labs triangle.    Ms. Regalbuto. You know, I am sure we can find that out. I am not familiar with those statistics. I can check for you.    One of my goals is really to remove the amount of hazards that a worker has to face in a single day. So, to give you an example, in the U.K., when you walk into a facility that is contaminated, the first crew has to go and find out where all the hot spots are. That is a risk. Those are the first ones that go in.    In the U.K., they put little drones in and they map the room before they go in. That is the kind of thing that we would like to teach our workers to use themselves in order to go into a facility without putting them in hazards which is unnecessary with technology.    Ms. Regalbuto. A significant amount of them are.    Ms. Regalbuto. I appreciate the comment of the disconnects because we do have periodic meetings with the building trades. I am not sure if you are familiar with HAMMER, our facility in the State of Washington, and the National Training Center. Those we do jointly with the trades.    What we are working on right now, and it will be ready roughly in a month, is one of the things we noted and it has been brought up to us by the building trades, is the ability to move from job to job, and the fact that you have to be qualified, so we are merging those two. And we are going to have the cost of reciprocity, where you reciprocate training that you took in one area to another, so I personally am taking Worker I and II, and so are they.    It also allows us to have a population of workers that are already certified and the skill set is ready.    Ms. Regalbuto. So, we are working with the unions who are part of the National Training Center and HAMMER. With that, we also recognize that geographically, sometimes it is difficult to go out west or southwest, and they also have themselves some of these other training academies.    We have a very successful program in Aiken with Aiken Community College, where we actually certify people to go work in the nuclear industry. We started that because there was a shortage of workers, because they were all going to work for the reactor operator for the AP-1000.    So, we would train people and they will go work in this other area. We started a center, which has been very successful. We can duplicate this model, obviously with the caveat that every community has different needs, but through the community colleges is a very successful way to do this. A lot of the training can be done there.    We also have for the first time this year what we call a ``trainership program,'' and the Secretary initiated a trainership program. We put it out for competition. The university will be announced. That is also to bring people to work with us that do not have traditional backgrounds.    So, if you were an electrical worker, trained, you will have a background on nuclear, so you understand the hazards, with the understanding that we need mechanics, electricians, everything, not just people in the waste packaging arena.    So, we are expanding because our population is aging, and we are going to need to replenish all our workers in the next 10 years or so.    Ms. Regalbuto. I would be very happy to parachute and come over and visit. We are very sensitive to developing the next generation of the workforce. A very large percentage of our workforce, about 40 percent, can retire today. They will not have the benefit of the training that we had, working in these facilities when they were in production mode.    So, we take very seriously who is going to be here in the next 10 years. I would be more than happy to do that, and there are other people in the department that will be very interested in doing this, too.    Ms. Regalbuto. Yes, we will definitely put them in touch.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you.    Ms. Regalbuto. Thank you very much. Thank you, sir.