    Mr. Flynn. Thank you.    The Chairman. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Flynn. Thank you, Chairman Bishop, Chairman Chaffetz, members of the committees. Before I begin, I want to thank our representative from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce, who has been here the entire day. I know this is not part of your district, but you are a New Mexican, and I really appreciate your interest, as well as your willingness to stay all day. Thank you very much, Mr. Pearce.    I am the Secretary of Environment for the state of New Mexico, as well as the Natural Resource Trustee for the state of New Mexico, and I was on the ground in Farmington, New Mexico, within 18 hours of receiving notice of the spill from the Southern Ute Tribe.    Almost immediately after being notified, our governor, Susana Martinez, appointed an Emergency Response Team, which I had the honor of serving as the leader of for the 9-day ordeal that the state of New Mexico, as well as other downstream users, including the Navajo Nation and the state of Utah, was forced to endure as a result of the EPA spill on the Animas River.    It has been said that pressure reveals true character, and I am extremely proud of the manner in which the state of New Mexico, as well as the local communities, responded to this event. New Mexicans demonstrated compassion, courage, determination, and grit throughout this 9-day ordeal. Having been there and in the community, I cannot underscore how frightened people were by the toxic plume that was traveling through the river. The river literally goes through the heart of these communities. It is the heart of the community in Farmington, in Aztec, and in the Navajo Nation.    Without water at home, and with this toxic yellow sludge floating through the river in the center of town, people literally were confronted by the spill at home and outside. In the face of these circumstances, New Mexicans responded as I would have expected. They came together with a well-orchestrated and selfless plan to move forward and respond to the emergency at hand.    In particular, I want to commend the efforts of the local officials from San Juan County, New Mexico, the city of Farmington, and the city of Aztec. From the very top to bottom, these officials responded admirably. They integrated themselves into our Emergency Response Team; and they took initiative and acted heroically throughout the process at all levels, from their leaders, the CEO, the COO of San Juan County, the mayors, all the way down the line. Their staff, from top to bottom, really were essential to this effort.    I also need to compliment my staff. I had dozens of employees mobilized in the field. People literally were supposed to be dropping their children off at college that weekend; and because New Mexico needed them, they traveled hours from around the state to be there in Farmington during this ordeal to help. As the temperatures were well into the 90s on most days, we had set up a mobile lab that I talk about in my testimony, and I had, literally, over a dozen employees out there from morning until late at night, working in very cramped and hot conditions in a makeshift lab. At no point did anybody complain, lose their temper, or do anything other than ask what more could they do--``Can I stay an extra day? I have changed around my vacation plans, I will stay next week.''    That was the type of response from my employees. I set a high standard for them, I push them hard, and I could not have been more humbled by their response, as well as the response of all of the other agencies from around the state. The Department of Agriculture, the state engineer, the New Mexico Department of Game and Fish, the New Mexico Department of Health, and the New Mexico Department of Homeland Security all performed admirably throughout this process.    By Saturday, thanks to the state and local communities' swift actions, we had been able to secure all the public water systems and private domestic wells in the area. We were able to preserve and protect our local agricultural resources. We had established direct lines of communication with downstream communities. We established teams with local farmers and ranchers to provide water for livestock. We had set up watering stations across the area, and we had deployed various teams of scientists to monitor the water quality and wildlife in the Animas River. We had also authorized emergency funding.    Again, these swift, well-orchestrated activities are a testament to the local communities and the leadership at every level of the state. It is an honor, and thank you for having me here today.    Mr. Flynn. I heard about it on Thursday morning at about 9:30 in the morning from the Southern Ute Tribe. Actually, I heard about it from a staff member who had just received notice from the Southern Ute Tribe.    Mr. Flynn. No.    Mr. Flynn. It was about 24 hours when we received notice.    Mr. Flynn. Yes.    Mr. Flynn. Well, it is difficult to quantify. When you are in an emergency situation, every second counts. EPA had initially put out some information regarding the velocity the plume was traveling in the river, which, based on their initial estimates, suggested the plume was going to arrive late in the night on Thursday, or in the very early morning hours of Friday.    Based on that information, we began taking action, such as closing irrigation ditches. That information proved to be wrong. As a result of that incorrect information, we lost time where farmers could continue to withdraw into their irrigation ditches to build up their supply when we did have to shut the river down.    Mr. Flynn. Immediately, within an hour. I would have personally called--well, I can just tell you what we did here. We contacted the Navajo Nation, we contacted the state of Utah, we contacted the state of Arizona. We immediately contacted San Juan County and the local communities. That did not occur over hours. We did not have a phone call list that we needed to--I mean we drill emergency responses, we have a protocol that is in place, and we just move forward with our plan. And literally, within hours, we had notified all the downstream communities and had taken steps to immediately stop withdrawing public water systems from the river and other actions.    Mr. Flynn. They would be former employees.    Mr. Flynn. Sure--yes, I do have a great amount of respect for Administrator McCarthy. I think one of the flaws, you know, hindsight is 20/20; but this was an issue that we raised immediately on the ground during the emergency, and is one issue or a couple of issues that we continue to face.    I do think the Administrator is tenacious and absolutely holds herself to a very high standard. I do not think that the employees who were actually charged with managing the situation held themselves to that same standard. I think that the lack of involvement from headquarters actually hindered this effort, and there is a lot of infighting among--they chose to handle this as a regional emergency. They did not actually elevate it to a regional emergency operation, as I mentioned in my testimony, until the day after the contamination plume had already arrived in the state of New Mexico.    I think that the reluctance of EPA headquarters and management to become directly involved in this certainly played a huge role in hindering our efforts. I do not think there has been close work with the state, or close collaboration.    For example, just today I understand EPA is going to unroll a long-term monitoring plan. First of all, we have told them all along for the past couple of weeks that we have a long-term monitoring plan, and they should be supporting our plan, not developing their own plan in a vacuum, without consulting or collaborating with the state.    My time is almost up, or your time, sorry, sir, is almost up, so I----    Mr. Flynn. Absolutely. I think it is just human nature, that the people who actually live on the land, whose neighbors live on the land, who depend on the land, have the most skin in the game and are going to do the best job to conserve and manage those resources. So, we absolutely believe that states should be given strong deference.    I think that when the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act--I think that Congress envisioned there to be a cooperative Federalist model when they adopted these statutes, and actually spoke to deferring to states on these decisions. I do not think that has been the case, certainly over the past couple of years in particular, on the Waters of the United States rule. That is an issue where New Mexico was among the coalition of states that did successfully sue and enjoin EPA in the North Dakota District.    I do think states should have greater control over these resources, because we are in the best position to manage and understand their impacts.    Mr. Flynn. No, absolutely not. I agree that the pollution passed with the water column, and that was expected. Nobody has ever stated that the water quality would not rebound as the toxic plume moves through the river.    The issue, which my colleague from Colorado did acknowledge, is what is left after that plume moves through the river. So, you have high levels of dangerous metals such as arsenic and lead, which have now been deposited in the sediment; and each and every time there is a stormwater event, or there is a spring runoff following snowpack, that contamination, that sediment, will become agitated and potentially mobilize those contaminants, and create a public health issue.    There is also the--again, while the wildlife--I am sorry, I am speaking too long, but the water quality has rebounded. Again, the sediment that has been deposited, the impacts on wildlife--macroinvertebrates, in particular--are unknown, and will not be understood for years.    So, while I agree that the water quality has rebounded to background levels, that is not really the issue. The issue is what was left over in the sediment that is now all along the river.    Mr. Flynn. No.    Mr. Flynn. Sure. Once we were notified about the plume, and we saw the pictures, had conversations with some of the people who were on the ground, and had witnessed what had occurred, we immediately contacted--there are seven public water systems in San Juan County that withdraw water from the river--we immediately contacted those systems and told them to stop diverting from the river. We did that unilaterally. That was done by the state without any consultation or coordination with     After that, though, one of the EPA communication staffers from Region 6 did berate one of my communication staffers that we did not do a joint press release, or otherwise publicize that decision, because they felt like it was a lost opportunity to develop some positive publicity in response to the spill. I then berated the EPA regional office for wasting time getting into a public relations issue when we are dealing with an emergency.    Mr. Flynn. Congressman Lujan, absolutely. I think that is a great idea.    Mr. Flynn. Congressman Lujan, I think that, based on a lot of the discussions and debate that I have seen, the real question that needs to continue to be pressed, which I have heard a lot of today, is what types of institutional reforms can we put in place, as a result of this incident. So, things like early notification, ways to improve that, I think that is really focusing on how we can evaluate the performance and move forward.    I think there is a lot of PR and spin that is coming out to try to put a bow on this and move on, instead of really asking the difficult questions on institutional reforms; so that is a concern I have.    I also have a major concern about the structure of the ``independent investigation'' being conducted by the Department of the Interior. I do not truly believe that is an independent investigation. It would be difficult for me to investigate another member of my cabinet, working under Governor Martinez. I think that a truly independent investigation should occur, so that the great questions that will bring about institutional improvements can be asked, and we can make government work better. We all have a stake in government working better and learning from this.    Mr. Flynn. Congressman, I think Superfund sites certainly have a place in environmental cleanup. However, I do not think that Superfund is really designed to solve all of the problems. In fact, when you have a responsible party who is doing work, I think Superfund adds levels of bureaucracy that can actually slow down environmental cleanup projects.    I think Superfund is most effective when there is not a responsible party who is actually there doing cleanup work. We have 14 Superfunds in our state. It can absolutely be used effectively, but there is a huge fuel spill that we are cleaning up in our largest metropolitan area, where we have avoided designating it a Superfund site, and we have actually moved much faster by not--I do not think it would be appropriate to be a Superfund site, but we have a responsible party, and we have been able to get a lot more work done by not declaring it a Superfund site.    Mr. Flynn. Sure. You know, Congresswoman, I guess I have already discussed kind of the short-term issues; but, really, the bigger problems occurred as we were working through the emergency. We were constantly having to fight to get information and data from EPA. You know, the more information we could receive, the quicker we could make decisions about when it would be appropriate to start withdrawing water from the river again, for example.    So, the lack of timeliness with respect to providing data--we had all kinds of excuses, but the bottom line is we just really needed that information in order to help develop a response plan. For some of these issues, we needed the supply of water for the public water systems; some of the smaller systems were extremely limited, so they had a couple days of reserve. In order to really make decisions, we had to be able to plan out 7, 10 days, just to mobilize people to actually put physical infrastructure in place to create an alternative supply, a backup resource.    So, not having data in the first couple of days, and then continuing to have to make that fight, put us in a position where we had to take very conservative actions. In one case, we had to actually lay pipe and connect one system, because we were not sure we were going to be able to allow the system to withdraw from the river because of an absence of information.    Mr. Flynn. Chairman, no. I think there is a lot of room for improvement by the EPA on this effort. I have a good graph, or a series of graphs, that I would like to show you and submit into the record.    This first graph was actually developed by EPA on August 7, the Friday right before the plume actually hit New Mexico. This was based on information that EPA had taken from Colorado, just south of the spill. They quickly put this graph out with a message to the public as, like, a PR gesture.    .epsThere are a couple notable things about it. The first is that--well, my scientists were insulted by this graph for a variety of reasons--the first was that it plotted all the metals on a linear scale. So, if you just look at the bottom, it looks like lead and cadmium are totally flatlined, like, zero; and you cannot really see, but the very bottom line is actually two metals that it is representing. They only provided dissolved metals when the EPA's drinking water maximum contaminant levels are based on total not-dissolved concentrations. Also, the graph does not have anything about arsenic, which we knew was over 823 times the maximum contaminant limit at the time of the spill.    So, if you look at that graph--and then I had a second graph that my staff actually developed, a second series of graphs that--I do not know if they are available on the record; but this is what would be a logarithmic graph, which is really what would be the scientifically valid way to present this information.    .epsIf you could go to the final graph, because this really illustrates a point. This is actually how you would represent the concentrations of lead, using the same exact information EPA presented in that first graph, that was EPA's, where you saw lead just like it was right at zero, flatlining along the line. This last graph shows you the actual concentrations of lead from their data; and that orange line shows you what the maximum contaminant levels are in the Safe Drinking Water Act.    .epsSo, that was not done by any scientist. That was a PR stunt that was done immediately after the plume had hit, based on data that we repeatedly asked for and were not provided. I do not think any scientist at EPA had any hand in this, because it was so insulting to my staff that I just cannot imagine a scientist would be involved in this development. And, that was the first of a number of instances where I do not think EPA certainly was forthcoming with information.    The Chairman. If those are not part of the record, we will make them part of the record under unanimous consent, as well.    So, there are times that they provided you data in a way that is not really helpful. I am assuming there are also times when EPA would not provide you data, or important information, or excluded you from the response process?    Mr. Flynn. Yes, Chairman Bishop. On Friday, August 21--this was now well over 2 weeks after the spill occurred--we had been fighting back and forth for a copy of EPA's sediment sampling plan, because like I said before, the plume moves with the water column. The water quality is going to rebound. But, really, the sediment sampling is what tells you what has been left over, and that is critical.    So, we have been fighting with EPA, and my staff--this is on a staff-to-staff level--has been asking for this plan for weeks. On August 21, EPA claimed that they could not provide it because it contained ``business confidential information,'' and raised a number of other excuses. I was incredulous at that response; I just cannot imagine that.    They had also claimed that they were concerned about New Mexico's open records law. We have a very broad Public Records Act that does not contain the same degree of exclusions that EPA's Freedom of Information Act allows; so, they were concerned about the breadth of our Public Records Act, and that we would be disclosing more information than would otherwise be required.    Those are just a couple of the reasons, and I would be happy to supplement the record with documents, if----    The Chairman. So you guys are too transparent?    Mr. Flynn. Yes, that was essentially one of the concerns that was raised.    The Chairman. Let me ask you about the Department of the Interior, the Forest Service, BLM, Park Service, BIA. What was their reaction? Could they have been more helpful?    Mr. Flynn. On Friday morning about 5:00 a.m., I was in the area and I did speak to some local staff, two people there. We had asked them to release more water from the Navajo Lake in order to help preserve two of the endangered species in the area, the Colorado pikeminnow and the razorback sucker. Those staffers were great; they kind of acted first without asking, my sense is they kind of just acted on their own.    Other than that contact that we initiated right away, I would say Interior's involvement was non-existent, other than seeing a press release that they are now investigating. And, I do not really understand what they are investigating, because the press release did not really provide a lot of information.    The Chairman. That was one of the reasons why we were hoping they would be part of the panel today--and they chose not to be--to ask those questions, like what are they actually planning on doing somewhere around here.    Has EPA been any more straightforward with the issue of reimbursement of the cost to New Mexico?    Mr. Flynn. No. Last week, I was really taken aback when lower level staffers at EPA reached out to lower level--I am, obviously, just referring to the organization chart--these are non-management employees. EPA had made some contact to a couple of my staffers, as well as a couple of staffers from the homeland security, trying to gather information about the total costs that were expended related to this. And the Navajo Nation, as well as the state of New Mexico, the state of Colorado, the state of Utah, and others, are considering legal action.    As an attorney myself, it was very surprising to me that they would seek to try to gather this information in that manner. I would expect that it would be done at a high level. I instructed my staff, and the Governor instructed all of the other staff, that communication needs to be flowing through leadership, at a kind of leadership level, and that we were not going to communicate in that way. It just seemed like kind of bad faith. As a lawyer, those are certainly not the tactics I would use in litigation, to kind of secretly or quietly try to reach out for info without contacting a management-level employee.    The Chairman. Dr. Wolk, let me ask you as well--the EPA said that, as far as notification--I am glad that Mr. Grijalva kind of summarized that, the problem--that they could have done a better job in notification. Kind of a low bar, but did they actually notify Colorado, or was it you were fortunate enough to have somebody in Colorado who was at the right place at the right time that heard it?    Mr. Flynn. Congresswoman, first of all, thank you so much for your interest and all of your time. You have been extremely generous on every issue that we have ever worked on together. I really appreciate that, and I appreciate the question.    I think we do it the same way that you and I have personally tackled some of these issues before, such as the fuel spill covering Albuquerque and Kirtland Air Force Base. The way that we have tackled that problem is by including local communities, including local expertise that we have available through our public institutions and our national laboratories, and by including local stakeholder groups.    The state of New Mexico has developed a long-term monitoring plan with multi-agencies and multi-groups. We have a number of outstanding NGOs in the area, like the Animas Watershed Group and the San Juan Soil and Water Conservation District. We have the New Mexico State University, New Mexico Tech, and the University of New Mexico. We have Sandia National Lab, Los Alamos National Laboratory, as well as state resources. So, we have the expertise in our state, as you are fully aware of. It is how do we coordinate that effort and, most importantly, get it funded. So, I think we would like----    Mr. Flynn. Congresswoman, I think that their plan should be to support our plan. I really do not think the fox should be guarding the hen house here. They created the situation. We would never allow a private entity that we are regulating to do its own investigation of itself and accept those results. In order to really build public confidence in the outcome of the long-term monitoring plan, there needs to be an independent entity like, you know, multi----