    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you and the ranking member for the leadership on this issue.    I always say that nobody is going to hold a rally for IT procurement, but when I am back home, everybody asks about this question because they recognize that $80 billion is being spent on IT procurement and 80 percent of it is on legacy systems. It is about using American taxpayer dollars wisely. It is about making sure we have an efficient government that is providing services to our citizens. And it is making sure that we are using technology that is keeping us safe and protecting our digital infrastructure.    My first question is to Mr. Halvorsen. When did you come into the position as CIO?    Mr. Hurd. Are you familiar with the Expeditionary Combat Support System?    Mr. Hurd. And that is a system that was canceled in 2012, after spending more than $1 billion and failing to deploy within 5 years of initially obligating funds. Is that accurate?    Mr. Hurd. One of the things that we are looking at in the FITARA scorecard is incremental development. It's major development investments and are they achieving measurable goals every 6 months? DOD is listed as an F when it comes to delivering this. As of May 2016, only 41 percent of those projects are being delivered.    In asking for a modernization fund and additional funds, what is going to be done differently in the Department of Defense to ensure that, if you do have more money for investments on updating legacy IT systems, that you are going to actually hit the mark on time?    Mr. Hurd. So, Mr. Halvorsen, are you saying buy, not build?    Mr. Hurd. Excellent.    My next question is for Mr. Milholland. What is Treasury's strategy to manage unsupported technologies, such as the mainframe capabilities where it states the Treasury will assume the risk of the expired support technology? We sent a letter out to every agency asking for old programming language that is being used, systems that are no longer supported by vendors. In some of these systems that are no longer supported by vendors, Treasury is saying that they are assuming the risk for that expired technology.    What is the strategy to manage these unsupported technologies?    Mr. Hurd. In some of these, the response was saying that the IRS will be assuming the responsibility for managing that.    Mr. Hurd. I copy, Mr. Milholland, and I only have 10 seconds left.    Do you have a modernization roadmap that creates a common modern platform for mission delivery?    Mr. Hurd. Where are you in implementation?    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.