    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And good morning, and I thank our witnesses for being here today, even if you didn't arrive until 3 a.m.    Throughout its 50-year history, Medicaid has been an adaptable, efficient program that meets the healthcare needs of millions of children, pregnant women, people with disabilities, seniors, and low-income adults. Today Medicaid serves as a lifeline to nearly 72 million Americans who depend on the program for health coverage. The Affordable Care Act included the most significant changes to the program since its creation. It expanded coverage, made improvements to promote program integrity and transparency, and advance delivery system reform.    Thanks to these provisions, the uninsured rate is at a record low. The program continues to efficiently provide coverage to enrollees. Program integrity provisions of the ACA mark a shift from the traditional pay-and-chase model to a preventative approach in which fraudulent actors are kept out of the program before they commit fraud.    Today we are examining six Medicaid proposals, efforts that truly improve transparency and program integrity is something I think we all can support.    The Affordable Care Act took major steps to improve program integrity in Medicaid, including new protocols for screening of suppliers and providers and additional authority to terminate entities that commit fraud. These are significant steps forward, and more can be done to ensure these reforms are fully implemented.    We should also continue to examine other ways to further strengthen Medicaid for all beneficiaries so that dollars are spent on quality care without inappropriately limiting access.    While we hear from all six proposals during today's hearing, I want to take the opportunity to highlight two. Prior to the passage of the ACA, if a state terminated a provider's participation in its Medicaid program, the terminated provider could potentially participate in a program of a different state. In the case of Texas, they would probably come to Oklahoma and vice verse, leaving the system vulnerable to fraud and abuse. The ACA took steps to prevent this from happening, but OIG has identified weaknesses in that process.    One of the legislative proposals will build on the ACA with some technical changes. A proposal that would achieve its intent to further reduce waste, fraud and improve quality and safety in the Medicaid program is something, again, we can all support.    I am concerned that two bills under consideration would scale back Medicaid eligibility under the guise of closing loopholes. The Affordable Care Act establishes a streamlined, coordinated eligibility determination system for Medicaid and CHIP as well as premium tax credits and cost-sharing subsidies. The approach was designed so that people can qualify for the appropriate program without gaps or duplication and move between insurance programs when their incomes change.    H.R. 2339 would undermine this by requiring states to count lump-sum income as though it were income that the individual has received for up to 20 years after it is actually received. The bill is being described as a way to prevent people who win large lottery payouts from receiving Medicaid, but this is misleading. By counting all lump-sum income as monthly income, the overwhelming the majority of people it would affect all those who receive things like workers' compensation settlements, unemployment, and retroactive disability payments. If 2339 became law, a significant number of low-income Americans who receive lump sum could be inappropriately determined ineligible for Medicaid and lose access to their health insurance.    Coverage gaps due to temporary changes in income are bad for patients, providers, and health plans and ultimately is a waste of taxpayer dollars. This is a concept MACPAC has recommended in several reports to Congress. Gaps in coverage is an issue that I have been concerned about for years. For the last several Congresses I have worked with my colleague from Texas, Representative Joe Barton, to advance legislation to require 12-month continuous enrollment Medicaid and SCHIP. Proposals that ensure Federal and state taxpayer dollars are spent appropriately on delivering quality care and prevent fraud, waste, and abuse from occurring should be supported. Good program integrity holds all stakeholders accountable without unintentionally impeding the access.    I look forward to working with my colleagues on the committee to further strengthen the Medicaid program in key areas and build on the success. Again, I would like to thank our witnesses for being here today and look forward to the discussion on the legislative proposals under consideration.    And I yield back.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gomez how many recipients, how many people receive Medicaid in Oklahoma on any given day?    Mr. Green. How many people have you identified that are either using the lottery exception or even the annuity in Oklahoma? Do you have a number?    Mr. Green. Do you think it would be more than 100 out of the million people?    Mr. Green. I would love to see that information because I would like to see--obviously we want folks who need the program to get it, but if we also through up some impediment, we may end up excluding people who really do need it but again thank you.    One of the reasons the Affordable Care Act changed from the previous asset test of Medicaid into the current modified adjusted gross income formulas is to streamline and coordinate eligibility between Medicaid and health insurance marketplaces.    Ms. Riley, can describe the complexity of implementing this legislation for purposes of keeping coverage streamlined and coordinated? Do you think the legislation moves us backwards in a patchwork system where we potentially have 50 different rules for eligibility?    Mr. Green. Would this potentially create additional cost at the Federal level and particular with the Federally facilitated marketplaces in 37 states?    Mr. Green. Is it correct, and I am reading the legislation that it is potentially applying to anything such as Social Security disability back payments, workers' compensation, in any amount at all and the state would prorate the amount monthly for up to 20 years even if you no longer have access to those funds?    Mr. Green. Would this legislation potentially applying the Social Security disability back payments, workers' compensation, or any amount at all that the state could pro rate that would amount to monthly up to 20 years even though it is not available to them over that 20 years?    Mr. Green. We have a lot of program integrity bills that we are considering today that are focused on niche areas. I want to take a step backward and look more globally at the landscape, the program integrity in Medicaid. Can you describe MACPAC's work on program integrity to date?    Mr. Green. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I have some other questions I would like to submit to Ms. Riley on highlights, low-matching rates for activities not directly related to fraud control, and things like that. I appreciate MACPAC's reports and hope that Congress can act on those both to save Federal money, but also--because in Texas, our match is about 65 percent Federal, about 35 percent state, and somewhere along the way we need to match that. We want the states' participation but we also want to make it to where it is we can get that fraud that we are looking at.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.