    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I want to take a moment to commend you for the way the Committee has been running since you became chairman. You have shown tremendous respect for our side, and I really appreciate that. And that goes not only for you but your staff, and I appreciate everything that they've done to work with us. Everyone notices the more collegial and collaborative atmosphere on our committee, and that is due to your efforts and the tone you have set.    Mr. Chairman, there are certainly issues we're going to disagree on, and today's hearing is one of those issues. But we take your words to heart, and we will disagree without being disagreeable.    With respect to today's hearing, I believe it is premature. Two days ago, Mr. Camus, who will be testifying in a few moments with the Inspector General, told our staff, said their investigation is not finished, that their report is not done, and that they will not be able to fully answer many of the questions Members have at this time.    He provided our staffs with some information about the status of their efforts to recover additional emails from Ms. Lerner, but he cautioned us not to discuss those details publicly while their investigation's still ongoing. Based on this request, it seems that the best course of action would be to have the Inspector General come back when his report is complete so that we can discuss it fully.    Nevertheless, since we are here, I will make just three points.    First, according to the Inspector General's previous work, the emails that were lost when Ms. Lerner's hard drive crashed were from before Ms. Lerner discovered that inappropriate criteria was being used by IRS employees in Cincinnati. Ms. Lerner's computer crashed on June 13, 2011, but she was not informed until June 29, 2011, that IRS employees were using inappropriate criteria to screen tax-exempt applicants.    That is according to a report issued by the Inspector General in May 2013, more than a year and a half ago. According to the same report, after Ms. Lerner discovered what was going on, she, ``immediately directed that the criteria be changed.''    Second, the Inspector General has identified no evidence to us that the White House directed this activity. Despite many claims by Republicans, there is simply no evidence after nearly 2 years of investigating to support this wholly unsubstantiated conspiracy theory.    Third, the Inspector General has identified no evidence to us that Ms. Lerner intentionally crashed her computer. To the contrary, all of the evidence we have obtained, including contemporaneous emails sent at the time, indicates that her computer crashed due to technological problems. And nothing we have learned since the Inspector General issued his previous report contradicts these findings.    We have also learned nothing since that time to contradict the account of the self-described, ``conservative Republican,'' screening group manager in Cincinnati, who was interviewed by this committee on June 6, 2013. He Stated that he and his employees were motivated only by a desire to efficiently group a large number of similar cases rather than by any political bias.    Let me conclude by putting some additional facts on the record.    Today's hearing is the 21st hearing our committee has held on these issues. This is the fourth time the Inspector General has testified before us on this subject. The Commissioner of the IRS, Mr. Koskinen, has testified before us six times on these topics, not counting many additional appearances before other committees.    This committee has conducted more than 50 transcribed witness interviews on these issues. The IRS has produced more than 1 million pages of documents on this topic. At its peak, the IRS had more than 250 employees responding to these inquiries, and they dedicated more than 150,000 hours of work effort to address our concerns.    At the end of last year, the IRS reported spending approximately $20 million responding to congressional inquiries. Twenty million dollars is an enormous amount of money. That total does not include the amounts we've spent here on this committee. It does not include the amounts numerous other committees have been spent.    And so I conclude by saying it does not include the amounts other agencies have spent, including Department of Justice, the Federal Elections Commission, or the Securities and Exchange Commission. And it does not include the amounts the Inspector General has spent and continues to spend to this day.    Going forward, it is my sincere hope that we will work in a bipartisan manner on hearings that further our shared goals of benefiting the American people.    And, with that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Go to Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentlelady yield?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Mr. Camus, exactly, if you can tell us, what's involved in those negotiations for this software? And how soon do you anticipate, based on the rate you're going with your negotiations, that you will have it?    Because I think the Committee--it would benefit the entire committee to have some kind of idea of what kind of timeframe we're talking about.    Mr. Cummings. Would the gentlelady yield?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    You know, the question that needs to be asked here--and I've listened to all this, but this is the question.    Mr. Camus, during your investigation, did you ask the question, why did you not have the information about the backup tapes? In other words, did you go to somebody and ask them that in IRS?    Because nobody's asked that question yet. And that seems like a logical question, since we're talking about criminal activity, and I would think that that would possibly be the basis of some of it.    Did you?    Mr. Cummings. Right.    Mr. Cummings. Well, that's where I'm going. But did you ask the question about that, what you discovered? Like, what happened? I mean, did you say, what's this about?    Mr. Cummings. So you're still looking into that?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Thanks.    Mr. Cummings. With all due respect to my colleague, Mr. Meadows, the claims that he has made just now were given three Pinocchios by The Washington Post.    I want to enter into the record an article dated June 24, 2014, ``The Letter That Supposedly Led to the Crash of Lois Lerner's Hard Drive.''    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Mr. George and Mr. Camus, I really want to get to the bottom of this, because, you know, Mr. George, I don't want you to--I mean, I know some of my colleagues apparently filed something against you, a complaint, but there's some deeper stuff going on here, and I just want to understand what is happening.    In May 2013--and this troubles me a lot--Mr. George, you issued your report on the treatment of tax-exempt applicants. Your report was extremely controversial because Republicans used it to argue that this was a political targeting against conservative groups.    But just a few days before you issued your report, the man sitting next to you, your deputy IG for investigations, Mr. Camus, sent an internal email to your senior staff saying that this was not political targeting.    I would like to put the email up on the screen. The email is dated May 2, 2013. And in the very first line, it says he had a conversation with you and they pulled more than 5,000 emails to see if there was any evidence of political motivation.    Then he says this, ``The emails indicated the organizations needed to be pulled because the IRS employees were not sure how to process them, not because they wanted to stall or hinder the application. There was no indication that pulling these selected applications was politically motivated.''    So, Mr. George, are you aware of this email and did you know about it at the time?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Well, maybe you--let me just continue. And I'm going to get--I want him to do that, because it is troubling.    The email also says,--it says, ``The email traffic indicated that there were unclear processing directions, and the group wanted to make sure that they had guidance on processing the applications, so they pulled them.'' And then it says this: ``This is a very important nuance.''    Now, I'm going to give you a chance to explain it, but I just want to finish. Mr. George, your deputy inspector general for investigations called this point a very important point, and yet it's not included in your report just 2 weeks later. And why was that?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. And, by the way, I think that this is such an important point, that since the staffer isn't sworn in, if we need additional information, I'm sure that we can swear him in. I just wanted an answer.    But go ahead. Because it is quite interesting. Go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. George, what--go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman, I would like a--can I get a written response on that?    Mr. Cummings. Yes. Give me a written response in detail. Make sure you get it to the chairman, too. Because we are bipartisan here.    Mr. Cummings. We should be able to get it this week. You know he's writing it now.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. George and Mr. Camus, we've spent a lot of time on the conservative groups, and I want to go to--I mean, I'm concerned about the conservative groups, but I'm also concerned about the progressive groups. And I want to ask you about the status of your investigation, the one reviewing how progressive groups are treated.    The report you issued in 2013, Mr. George, did not address progressive groups. When you testified here on May 23, 2013, we asked why you did not evaluate progressive groups, and you said this: ``Because those groups did not have the Be on the Lookout terms ``Tea Party,'' ``Patriot,'' or ``9/12'' in their names.''    When we asked about specific reports that progressive groups were treated similarly to Tea party groups, you said this, ``I have subsequently received information that you're indicating may have occurred. And, as a result, we will be conducting a followup review to determine whether or not that is the case and, if so, the extent of it.''    Do you remember that?    Mr. Cummings. And when you came before us on July 18, 2013, we showed you internal documents indicating that progressive groups were subjected to similar types of scrutiny and they were also included in the training materials for the Be on the Lookout list.    In response, you said this, ``We, just as recently as last week, received new information that is disturbing and that we need to pursue.''    Do you remember that?    Mr. Cummings. So that was more than a year and a half ago, when you said you were going to do a new investigation to determine how progressive groups were treated. Can you tell us where that investigation stands today?    Mr. Cummings. So you--there--have any witnesses been interviewed with regard to the progressive groups?    Mr. Cummings. And----    Mr. Cummings. Now, I assume you've reviewed some documents with regard to the progressive groups. I guess you had to do that just to determine that there are witnesses that you needed to talk to, right?    Mr. Cummings. Do you know how many pages you've looked at or----    Mr. Cummings. Do you know how many pages of documents you've looked at with regard to progressive groups?    Mr. Cummings. So you can't--it's hard for you to give us any idea as to when the progressive-group investigation will be complete; is that right?    Mr. Cummings. But it seems like you don't even have control over it, because you said something about the other investigation going on.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.