    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you both for being here.    As a ten year resident of Alaska who did some recreational mining, this is--I can equate to what you're going through, but question for either one of you, Mr. Secretary or Mr. Scheeler. In the course of your investigation, did you determine whether EPA employees were using private email accounts to discuss official EPA business with outside groups opposed to your mine?    Hon. Cohen. The answer is yes. There were--and we documented that in the report. There were a number of occasions when private emails were set up to conduct business, which violates actually EPA's own rules, in the aspect that those private conversations or communications need to be filed with EPA. There----    Mr. Loudermilk. What kind of information was included in those emails?    Hon. Cohen. Well, that's--I indicated information that's in the email file in those documents but I want to get to this point. There was a case of Mr. North, Phil North, who was very instrumental in recommending a process, a 404(c) process. His computer crashed. Not to be unexpected. It happens. His computer was not backed up, and as a result of that, a year or plus years' worth of correspondence was lost. Now, the best person to explain this of course is Mr. North. We tried to make contact with him. I know this Committee or Congress has tried to make contact with him. The latest information I have is that he retired from his position in Alaska, then went on a sailing trip around much of the world. I first tried to find if he was living in New Zealand but now I'm told he's living in Australia, and has refused to respond to requests to meet with him, talk with him. As a matter of fact, he is under subpoena now for a trial taking place in Alaska on November 12th. So I think he would be the best person to say what was in that. I don't know. It might be totally benign. I mean, this is the issue. It might be perfectly legitimate what they were communicating. I don't have any way of knowing yet. I don't want to prejudge it. But there were missing emails, and----    Mr. Loudermilk. And these were personal, using personal email accounts?    Hon. Cohen. Outside of the official government----    Mr. Loudermilk. Do you know why they would use personal?    Hon. Cohen. You would have to ask Mr. North and you would have to ask others who had these exchanges with--and they would go to the Administrator as well.    Mr. Loudermilk. Mr. Scheeler?    Mr. Loudermilk. Let me make sure I understand what you're saying here. Mr. North, who was an employee of the EPA, correct?    Mr. Loudermilk. You're saying he used a personal email account, drafted a letter for the Native corporation or agency for them to use as a document as a petition? Am I getting that----    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. To his personal email?    Mr. Loudermilk. I find it remarkable too.    One last question, Mr. Secretary. Being in government before, is this appropriate to use private--it seems to be a trend that we're seeing now using private email accounts. Is this, in your opinion, professional opinion, an appropriate way to conduct government business?    Hon. Cohen. In my opinion, no. I think if you're going to communicate, you have to do it using government property and government channels. There may be an occasion where someone gets a call or someone gets an email that is of a business purpose but under EPA's own regulations, that should be immediately filed with the EPA so that the public can then see whether or not a public issue was being discussed privately without disclosure so----    Mr. Loudermilk. I guess----    Hon. Cohen. --I think the basic rule is, don't do it, but if there are extraordinary circumstances that require it, that something happens in terms you have to get in touch with a higher level official, just make sure it's fully filed with the agency.    Mr. Loudermilk. But let's just hypothetically--I know I'm running out of time here, Mr. Chairman. But hypothetically, if I wanted to get around FOIA, I could use a private email account to try to do that?    Hon. Cohen. You could.    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And it looks like I'm the last one between several people flying home.    I'm just amazed. When I hear of all the questions and the testimonies and, quite frankly, the evidence that I've seen, this reads more like a novel. We've got predetermined outcomes. You testified to potential collusion. Some of those involved in the collusion have moved to other countries and will not respond to our subpoenas or questions. And, Mr. Chairman, I don't know how legal it is for us to do a CODEL down to Australia, but if we need to go down there to get some answers, you know, I may be willing to volunteer, but----    Mr. Loudermilk. And of course the using of private emails, this--Mr. Collier, as I hear the allegations of collusion, that's very troubling, but what's even more troubling is the evidence I see. It looks very overwhelming that this has happened.    I would like to show you an email conversation between two of the EPA lawyers, Cara Steiner-Riley and Keith Cohen, as well as employees Phil North and Rick Parkin, who again I think Phil is the one who is now in Australia. And they're discussing conversations with Jeff Parker, who is an attorney representing the groups that petitioned the EPA to use a preemptive 404(c) action. Can we have the slide up?    EPA attorney Cohen writes, number one ``my observation, Jeff Parker is talking straight to Rick and Phil regarding a matter which EPA is represented by counsel, Cara. I'm sure the rules of professional responsibility in Alaska are like they are everywhere and that they prohibit Jeff''--prohibit Jeff--``from talking to either Rick or Phil without Cara's consent. We are engaged''--we are engaged--``in a potentially adverse proceeding with them, the petition, possible litigation. And he's a lawyer who's kind of pumping us, me included, for information he can use to help his client. It sounds like he's talking to Phil about their 404(c) petition, the status of it and how to help move it forward. He certainly did so with me.''    Now, if we could go to the next slide.    Cohen sends a followup email and writes, ``I just want to clarify. I am not against helping Jeff or his clients''--again, Jeff representing those opposed to the mine. ``I am not against helping Jeff or his clients or siding with them on the substantive issues.'' To me that sounds like predetermined outcome, as well as collusion going on.    Is this some of the collusion that you have referred to?    Mr. Loudermilk. And I do have another one to go to after this.    Mr. Loudermilk. Let me--because I'm running out of time, can we go ahead and go to the next slide here. And this answers a question that I asked Secretary Cohen in the first panel. Why? Why would you use a private email to conduct business, which is totally improper? Why? Would it be to avoid the Freedom of Information Act? Could that be why you would do something like that? Let's look at this email.    ``Cara, in terms of the record for the decision-making on the 404 petitions, are message chains such as this one protected from FOIA?'' This is asking are we going to be protected from FOIA? I think this clearly gives the reason why they're using private emails. ``Should we be concerned with that?'' It appears that EPA employees were attempting to prevent the release of this series of email communications because it would show the inappropriate contact between EPA employees and you.    Would you like to comment? I mean to me when I look at this it's clear. It's clear that there was collusion, there was predetermined outcome, there was potentially illegal activity, definitely improper activity, as Secretary Cohen mentioned early, that they used private emails to conduct official business, which is against EPA policy. And by their own admission, I think it's to keep the American people in the dark, and they knew that they were doing wrong.    Mr. Loudermilk. Yes.    Mr. Loudermilk. They quit--need to buy the computers that the IRS buys, I guess.    And so with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.