    Ms. Adams. Thank you very much, Chairman Foxx, Ranking Member Hinojosa, for holding this important meeting.    My thanks, also, to the witnesses for your testimony, and special shout-out to Dr. Rue, from Wake Forest, which is partially in my district.    Campus sexual assault is a very serious issue. It affects entirely too many of our students. And to be clear, even one student is too many.    And so while I believe prevention through education is the best way to combat this growing problem, and I appreciate your speaking to that, we must still deal with the incidents that occur. Unfortunately, that is nearly impossible to do with all the differing ways in which institutions of higher education and law enforcement agencies handle sexual assault, and it is becoming more complicated with efforts to weaken Title IX.    Although North Carolina has--does not have a significant number of incidents currently open, the case open at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill is particularly disturbing, and I am disappointed that there is a case that is open in my city of Greensboro, at the University of--at Guilford College.    I spent 40 years as a faculty member on the campus, Bennett College, a small women's college, primarily African-American women, in Greensboro, and I had ongoing concerns then and I still do. And there are many things that I could talk about surrounding sexual assault, but I want to hone in just for a moment on the effects of women of color.    According to the Centers for Disease Control, approximately 34 percent of multi-racial women, 27 percent of Alaskan Native American Indian women, and 22 percent of black women, and 14.6 percent of Hispanic women are survivors of sexual violence.    Ms. Scaduto and Dr. Rue, both Dickinson College and Wake Forest University are liberal arts institutions with pretty good resources, I think. Can each of you speak to your campus initiatives that address the need for cultural-specific prevention education for your minority students who might be dealing with the weight of other issues, like racial discrimination and economic disparities?    Ms. Adams. Thank you both.    Ms. Maatz, within the same vein, do you have any recommendations for the best way to ensure historically black colleges and universities who have less resources, less staff, are able to provide comprehensive prevention and response?    Ms. Adams. Thank you very much. I am out of time.    Madam Chair, thanks very much.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Dr. Adams.    Mr. Guthrie, you are recognized for 5 minutes.