    Mr. Meglathery. Representative Costello, Ranking Member Takano, and other distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for giving VetsFirst the opportunity to testify regarding VA's Loan Guaranty and Specially Adaptive Housing SAH Grant Programs.    VetsFirst has represented our disabled veterans, their families, and their caretakers since 1946 when paralyzed World War II veterans came together to claim their rights. We advocate for the programs, services, and disability rights that help all generations of veterans with disabilities remain independent and fulfill their desire to reintegrate into society. Today through our parent organization, United Spinal Association, we are not only a VA-recognized national veterans service organization, we are a leader in advocacy for all people with disabilities. We are honored to have the opportunity to testify about the VA's Loan Guaranty and SAH Grant Programs and offer some suggestions for improvement.    The VA's Loan Guaranty Program is a critical benefit to veterans across the Nation and it is an example of what the VA is doing right by veterans. More than 80 percent of veterans utilize this program as a result of its affordability and ease of use. VA's delinquency rate is quite low as a result of the holistic approach to ascertain the veteran's income based on monthly expenses. On a personal note, I have taken advantage of this benefit, and it allowed me to purchase a home in an area with an extremely high cost of living.    From the perspective of the VSO, this benefit is one of ease. We just determine the eligibility of the veteran, and the lender does the remainder of the work. It is an example of a program that supports VetsFirst's core principle one of independence, and core principle two of timely access to VA benefits.    VetsFirst supports all programs that are designed to enhance the independence of veterans with disabilities. For this reason, community integration and independence is our first core principle. The ability to own a home that is adapted to the unique needs of each individual is critical for both the emotional and physical well-being of the veteran. VetsFirst wholeheartedly backs SAH. We would like to highlight areas where we see that improvements are warranted and would make this program even more successful.    Currently, both SAH and Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program are in the business of housing modifications for veterans. VetsFirst believes this is a less efficient way to utilize limited resources. SAH staff are experts in the arena of home modification. While VR&E staff are hardworking and diligent, they are not solely focused on this benefit. Additionally, as you know from a prior hearing, VR&E staff are currently overworked with large caseloads supporting vocational rehabilitation. By taking home modification off their portfolio, VR&E would be able to focus on their area of expertise.    In the last few years, SAH has seen an increase in approved grants. The addition of VR&E's caseload would add to that growing number. For this reason, VetsFirst would like to emphasize its desire to see that SAH is fully funded and staffed to support this upward trend, and would like to see that commensurate with any addition of the VR&E caseload.    VetsFirst does not advocate removing VR&E from the process altogether. If a veteran is getting vocational rehabilitation in conjunction with home modifications, VetsFirst recommends a three-way dialogue amongst the veterans, SAH, and VR&E personnel.    Currently, SAH gives the veterans the chance to choose which contractor to use for home modification. VR&E does not. We recommend shifting VR&E's home modification to SAH. Giving the veteran the choice of contractor is important on several levels. It allows the veteran to have the independence they would seek and it allows them to quickly address any problems or complaints with the intent of not having to bring in a third party to settle the dispute.    With regard to grant money that is funded, VetsFirst is concerned that the benefit is not a large enough amount. SAH has been indexed based on inflation. However, we are concerned that the baseline was too low. Currently, the maximum amount of a grant is just under $74,000. Often, with that money, the veteran is forced to make choices as to what to modify and what not, or pay the remainder out of pocket. Another point of concern is the amount of the grant is not based on the cost-of-living, but rather standard across the board. Anyone who has lived in the Washington, D.C. metro area is aware that the cost of living here, for instance, is a lot higher than in Boise, Idaho, for example.    The last point I have to make about SAH based on feedback from my VSOs and our online help desk, Ask VetsFirst, is that the SAH process takes longer than desired. This should not be seen as a criticism of the individual SAH staff members as they work in the local community. It is a way to identify an opportunity to find a solution for rapid response.    VetsFirst would like to express its thanks for the opportunity to testify today on the Loan Guaranty and SAH Programs. We appreciate your leadership on behalf of this Nation's veterans. I would be happy to answer questions.    