    Ms. Rowe. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. Terrific. I made it through that one. Mr. Concannon, you have the microphone for 5 minutes.    Ms. Rowe. I would be happy to answer the question, Mr. Chairman.    We have reviewed all of the OIG's recommendations. There are some that we are still talking to OIG about because as we approach and look at those recommendations we have some disagreement on the findings.    What we are moving forward to do is look very seriously at how states make a determination as to whether an error is, in fact, an error and not an error and what we need to do about that, whether it is something that the OIG has recommended, should there be a Federal review process rather than a state review process, should we have a two-tier process. So there are several issues that we are looking at, and we will have the final agreement on that report in the next 2 weeks.    The Chairman. I look forward to improvements for next year. As a CPA, we typically give those kind of reports to our clients when we do internal control reviews. I think it would be important for the taxpayers to be able to see, even if you disagree, that there is a rationale for doing it and just don't ignore the report, but actually adopt those that need to be adopted and then take the other actions as you and your team agrees.    With that, Ms. Fudge, for 4 minutes.    Ms. Rowe. Thank you for the question, Congresswoman.    Yes, we do continue to see and anticipate a continued decline. We have seen somewhat of a decline right now as the economy has improved. We are seeing fewer people coming in to apply, but we are also seeing a reduction of those who are currently on the rolls. It is our anticipation that as the economy continues to improve, we will continue to see a reduction of participation in the SNAP program.    But also as we get our employment and training programs into full gear, identifying job opportunities for individuals to move from the SNAP program into full employment. So we continue to anticipate a decline in the overall enrollment in the SNAP program.    Ms. Rowe. Thank you for the question.    We have worked very closely with the state agency within the Department of Human Services within the State of Mississippi or in the Delta areas. We have worked with community-based organizations and others that create more access points that get more information out to individuals on what programs that are available and how they can access those programs.    There have been a number of grant programs, some recently that we will be announcing in the next few weeks which will be focusing on farmers' markets and SNAP participation. We have worked with Rural Development in rural housing developments to expand, for example, access to summer feeding opportunities. We have worked with schools to expand information and access to not only feeding opportunities or where they can go and have access to programs, but also healthy eating, healthy lifestyles, healthy nutrition.    We have worked with farmers and we have expanded our work with farmers. Our regional office recently held meetings in the Delta area with a number of farmers to talk about opportunities for them to work with schools to sell new produce and make produce available to children in our schools.    Ms. Rowe. Through our regional offices, we work very closely with our states in planning their SNAP program and reviewing their SNAP program and providing technical assistance. It is a collaborative, cooperative working relationship. We try and make sure that as the state is developing its plans, that we are sharing with them best practices that may exist in other states that could improve both the administration of the program and access to the program.    We continue to provide working sessions. We bring all of the state SNAP directors and others together to do technical assistance and to provide technical support. We do webinars. Our view is to work cooperatively with the state to ensure that we are reaching the largest population increasing participation.    Ms. Rowe. Absolutely. The state understands their environment, what it takes in that state to make it work effectively, and we are always open to working with states in trying to achieve those objectives.    Ms. Rowe. Most of that increase has been in our program integrity area. As the Under Secretary mentioned, we have organized and centralized our retail operations division so that we can be more effective and more efficient. Training of staff, individuals who can go out and we actually do undercover buys. We engage in review of lots more documents. We have expanded the number of documents that storeowners have to provide, particularly those that we identify that may be in high trafficking areas.    So to be able to make sure that we are achieving the goals that we have set, we have set specific goals within our various program areas that we intend to achieve. We need the staff to make sure that we are properly implementing these programs and addressing the taxpayers' issues of trafficking or fraud in our program.    Ms. Rowe. Well, we spend a great deal of time at the beginning of every fiscal year taking a look and strategically planning what our priorities are going to be and how those programs are going to work together, and whether we are going to target certain programs in certain areas or how we are going to increase participation in programs in certain states, as the Under Secretary has talked about, the employment and training initiative. So the way in which we manage is through a strategic planning process. That process allows us to identify our goals, our priorities, the tasks and steps that we need to undertake to achieve those goals and priorities.    We have a major dashboard that is available in each one of our priority areas that we report on every month, so we are looking and we are constantly looking at how well we are integrating the programs from one particular area with the needs in another.    Ms. Rowe. We are talking both. We are tracking well-being. Through much of the research in our operations and policy division; we look at changes in behavior; we are looking at increased access as well as nutrition changes in people's behavior. So we look on both sides of the question, how well we are administering the program, and is it making a difference? Are we moving the dial as it relates to people's well-being?    Ms. Rowe. As a matter of fact, I am very familiar with what Feed the Children is doing. We have had earlier conversations with them about how successful their approach has been. We do have outcome measures. We continue to get better at defining what we are looking for, what we want to measure, and what outcomes we are looking at. We can provide you with an overview of how we go about measuring that----