    Ms. Gould. Thank you. Good morning. Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and members of the committee, thank you for the invitation to speak here today on the important issue of the economics of unionization.    My name is Elise Gould, and I am a senior economist at the Economic Policy Institute. I have three important points to share with you today.    First, wage growth for typical workers has been sluggish for a generation despite sizable increases in overall productivity, incomes, and wealth.    Second, a key factor in the divergence between pay and productivity is the widespread erosion of collective bargaining that has diminished the wages of both union and nonunion workers.    Third, because right-to-work laws weaken unions, it is no surprise that wages are lower and benefits are less common in right-to-work states compared to states without such laws.    Productivity is our nation's output of goods and services per hour worked. In the three decades following World War II, the hourly compensation of a typical worker grew in tandem with productivity. Since the 1970s, however, pay and productivity were driven apart. Between 1979 and 2013, productivity grew 64 percent, while hourly compensation only grew 8 percent.    This brings me to my second point. One key factor in the divergence between pay and productivity is the widespread erosion of collective bargaining that has diminished the wages of both union and nonunion workers. In fact, the erosion of collective bargaining has been a key factor undermining pay growth for middle-wage workers over the last few decades.    When unions are able to set strong pay standards in particular occupations or industries through collective bargaining, the employers in those settings also raise the wages and benefits of nonunion workers towards the standards set through collective bargaining. Over the last 30 years, the union coverage rate was cut in half. This weakening of the collective bargaining system has had an adverse impact on the compensation of both union and nonunion workers.    The decline of collective bargaining through its impact on union and nonunion workers can explain one-third of the rise of wage inequality among men since 1979 and one-fifth among women.    Furthermore, the states where collective bargaining eroded the most since 1979 had the lowest growth in middle-class wages. Specifically, the ten states that had the least erosion of collective bargaining saw their inflation-adjusted median hourly compensation grow by 23 percent from 1979 to 2012, far faster than the 5 percent growth of the 10 states suffering the largest erosion of collective bargaining. That is a gap in compensation growth of 17.9 percentage points.    This same dynamic played out in the ability of typical workers to share in productivity growth. The divergence between the growth of median hourly compensation and productivity was greater in the states that suffered the largest erosion of collective bargaining. The greater the decline in collective bargaining coverage, the lower was the return on productivity obtained by the typical worker.    This takes me to my third point and the subject of my most recent research in the area, which is attached to this statement, the relationship between wages and right-to-work status.    At their core, right-to-work laws hamstring unions' ability to help employees bargain with their employers for better wages, benefits, and working conditions. Given that unionization raises wages for both individual union members as well as for nonunion workers in unionized sectors, it is not surprising that research shows that both union and nonunion workers in right-to-work states have lower wages and fewer benefits on average than comparable workers in other states.    Wages in right-to work states are 3.1 percent lower than those in non-right-to-work states after controlling for a full complement of individual, demographic, and socioeconomic factors, as well as state macroeconomic indicators.    This translates into right-to-work status being associated with $1,558 lower annual wages for a typical full-time, full-year worker. Related research also finds that workers in right-to-work states are less likely to have employer-sponsored health insurance and pension coverage. And these results do not just apply to union members, but to all employees in the state. Where unions are strong, compensation increases even for workers not covered by any union contract as nonunion employers face competitive pressure to match union standards.    Likewise, when unions are weakened by right-to-work laws, all the state's workers feel the impact. As unions are weakened, workers' diminished bargaining power means lower compensation and a continued divergence between pay and productivity.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you about this important issue.    Ms. Gould. Yes, absolutely. A strong union membership sets standards that raise the wages of nonunion members, as well as union members so that the wages and benefits are higher and wage bargaining is stronger in both union and nonunion benefit in--for both union and nonunion members where unions are strong.    Ms. Gould. Sure. Great question. What we have seen over the last 10 years, and unfortunately even longer than that, is very sluggish wage growth for the vast majority of Americans in this country. It is not just about the Great Recession and the losses that we saw there in employment and in wages. But the trends have been going much longer back than that.    Ms. Gould. Yes, it is a great question. So collective bargaining we have seen--again, over that 30-year period, collective bargaining has been--the loss--the erosion of collective bargaining has meant that half as many people were covered by collective bargaining. We have cut the coverage rate, the union coverage rate, in half over that period. And that is the key reason why we have seen this disconnect between pay and productivity in this country.    Ms. Gould. Sure. Absolutely. That is a great question. And I think the example that you gave is a great example. You are talking about within your state where the policies and laws are similar, the economic conditions are similar, and you are comparing a CNA in a union shop with a CNA in a nonunion shop and looking at those wage differences.    What we do when we look at right-to-work states and non-right-to-work states is we are trying to do exactly the same thing. We are trying to look at individuals that are all else equal and see if their wages are any different.    So to do that properly, we use multi-varied regression analysis, and we can control for the racial composition of that state, we can control for the educational attainment of people in that state, we can control for the occupations, the industries, all the different factors that might be different. The cost of living in one state versus another. And when we control for all of those things, we still see that right-to-work states have 3.1 percent lower wages.    Ms. Gould. Yes. Stagnant wages for the vast majority explains the entirety of the rise of income inequality. Because the pay productivity gap is clearly incomes going somewhere else. They are going to wages at the top. They are going to corporate profits. And so all of these things.    And if you look at states where collective bargaining has eroded the most, they had the weakest growth in middle class wages. So those two things are intertwined.    Ms. Gould. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Gould. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Gould. Unfortunately, the class of 2015, the people you are talking about, those young high school graduates, those young college graduates, are entering a labor market that has still had many problems because of the Great Recession and its aftermath. And so that the wages of those workers are gonna be probably no higher than the class of 2000. So we have seen stagnant wages over the last decade and more.    And I think that what we have seen overall over the last 30 years is this decline in unionization, this decline in collective bargaining, has led to this great divergence between pay and productivity where young workers starting out, like workers across the economy, are not getting the wage increases that they would get if their wages rose with productivity.    Ms. Gould. Right. So as I mentioned, unionization declined precipitously over the last 30 years. We saw the unionization rate overall go from about 26 percent down to about 13 percent in the economy. And stagnant wages for the vast majority explain the entirety of the rise of income inequality because of that pay productivity gap, that divergence between pay and productivity.    That means that incomes are going somewhere. They are not going into wages for typical workers. They are going into the wages of the top 1 percent, into wages, into corporate profits. And a lot of this is the result of policy decisions. And for the most part, the abandonment of full employment policy, both monetary policy and fiscal policy and efforts that make it harder to form unions have meant that workers are not getting higher wages, even though we have a far more productive economy.