    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Well, first let me say I enjoyed very much your comments. I agree with just about everything you said, and coming from a State like New Jersey, where fees are very prominent on any roads. So I was just wondering, you are looking at alternative funding. And I know that--this is a bad word, toll roads--and I was just wondering where that fits in.    And Governor, my best friend is moving to your State, and he just told me that you built a road where you charge 40 cents in North Carolina, and people are boycotting it because you are charging a toll on it. I was just wondering if that is accurate. But I cannot imagine that the States you come from, tolls are an alternative for funding transportation projects.    Governor McCrory. Well, one rule we have in our State is if we ever do a toll, there also has to be an alternative for people to have another option to use. So while we are experimenting in tolls right now, we do have a road outside of Raleigh which is a toll road, and then we are experimenting also. We are in the trial period----    Mr. Sires. It is about 40 cents you charge on that toll road?    Governor McCrory. I do not have the price with me. I will be glad to get that to you. But the other thing is we are experimenting with HOT lanes, so not toll the entire road but toll a new lane that would be added so we can speed up the construction of the widening of major corridors at this point in time.    We are doing one between downtown Charlotte and Cornelius, North Carolina, where we are going to do a HOT lane and toll that lane based upon the congestion. And the toll will be based upon how much congestion there is. And I just think we have to think out of the box on where the limited dollars are, and we are all going to have to see what works best, from looking at user fees to looking at potential tolls of HOT lanes, and then also looking at stabilizing and at least maintaining our current gas tax.    Mr. Sires. Mr. Becker?    Mr. Sires. Mr. Cox?    Mr. Sires. Good for you.    Mr. Sires. Well, thank you. I can tell you that in New Jersey, basically I think the tolls are out of control. I mean, when you charge $15 to go into New York City and then going down the turnpike, it is just--I am not a proponent of toll roads, let me put it this way. It is just too easy to raise the tolls on people. To me, it is double taxation. And they just keep raising it unless you need it.    Governor McCrory. Mr. Chairman, with all due respect, I also want to say I think the other item with tolls is, does the consumer have a choice of another route? And the other is, it is very difficult to retrofit existing roads. And that would be a major negative issue in my State, for example with the I-95 corridor; to try to retrofit an existing road into a toll would be, I think--it would not happen.    Mr. Sires. The problem with New Jersey is that the alternate road also has tolls on it. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.