    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I do appreciate you being here today. I apologize. We had a meeting related to the coal industry and black lung. We had a round table with Chairman Bobby Scott and another committee was hosting and I have a district that has produced a lot of coal over the years, and so that was an important issue as well.    Now along those lines, we have a lot of pipelines being built now because of what I would see as the EPA's war on coal and the shutdown of like half of the industry in the last couple of years. The EPA is moving to regulate emissions of methane in the oil and gas industry by requiring oil and gas processing and transmission facilities to find and repair methane leaks. This was part of a speech given last week by the EPA director, administrator.    PHMSA has already proposed a leak detection rule and has worked with the industry to reduce leaks. In fact, I think overall, methane emissions are down about 13 percent in the last couple of years through various things that you all are doing. I have concerns about the EPA imposing new regulations on pipeline operations that PHMSA already regulates.    Has PHMSA provided any advice or guidance to the EPA in the development of their strategies and their proposals? Has EPA solicited any advice from you all? And does PHMSA foresee working with the EPA in the development of yet new regulations in this arena?    Because time is short, if you could answer all of that quick, I would appreciate it.    Mr. Griffith. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Griffith. Well, it appears that you all have been doing a fairly good job, so I hope they don't come in and start changing a lot of things. I would also have to note that according to Ms. McCarthy, the administrator of the EPA, methane is upwards to 25 times more potent than carbon dioxide, so I am a little concerned about that because they have been working so hard to eliminate coal, the fossil fuel that is used in this country of which we have an abundant supply. I wonder if this is just the opening salvo in a new war on natural gas?    That being said though, we do have a lot of natural gas pipelines being built. The Mountain Valley Pipeline is coming through my district. I am very pleased to see that you all participated in the scoping hearings related to the Mountain Valley Pipeline. And so I guess I have to ask what role do you all play in advising or assisting either the pipeline companies or FERC prior to FERC approval of a new gas pipeline?    Mr. Griffith. I appreciate that. In mountainous crossings, and my district has got a lot of mountains in it, what are PHMSA's top concerns and where do you see the greatest difficulty ensuring the long-term structural safety of pipelines when they are crossing over and through mountains?    Mr. Griffith. And are there other areas that you believe that PHMSA and FERC could collaborate to a greater extent to ensure the safety concerns that a lot of my constituents are raising and can you get in early in that process as well?    Mr. Griffith. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. And Mr. Chairman, I yield back.