    Ms. MacCleery. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee.    My name is Laura MacCleery and I work for Consumer Reports, an independent nonprofit that works side-by-side with consumers to create a fairer, safer, and healthier world.    I want to start by thanking Ranking Member Schakowsky in honoring the late Clarence Ditlow. As both a former board member of Consumer Reports and leader of the Center for Auto Safety, my friend and colleague, Clarence, made immeasurable contributions to vehicle safety and was responsible for countless lifesaving recalls. His dogged persistence was legendary. His accomplishments spanned decades.    At Consumer Reports, we consider it a privilege to carry forward his and our shared dedication to safer cars.    As we have heard, traffic deaths on U.S. roads are increasing, reversing a long-standing decline. We urgently must find ways to both prevent and reduce traffic deaths and injuries. It is critical to note at the outset that improvements to crashworthiness that would allow people to better survive crashes remain far from exhausted. For example, although the Research Safety Vehicle designed by NHTSA in the last 1970s was crash-safe at 50 miles per hour, today the minimum safety standard for frontal impact is only 30 miles per hour with 35 miles per hour testing in the new car assessment program. This occupant protection standard is one of several NHTSA performance standards that are badly out of date and should be upgraded.    If we know anything, it is that technology is imperfect. Making vehicles safer when they do crash should go hand-in-hand with making them smarter.    We certainly recognize the potential for crash avoidance technologies to also reduce traffic deaths. Consumer Reports Auto Testing Team has driven thousands of miles in cars that can steer within a lane and adjust speed automatically using increasingly prevalent technologies like automatic emergency braking and lane-keeping assist. We also have seen that these technologies are not perfect and vary in quality among manufacturers and that some raise novel risks. What we hear again and again in this context about safety gains is we are saying clearly that the safety benefit of fully self-driving vehicles are simply, at this point, not known.    There are real limits to current technologies. There is a handoff problem in communications with consumers and letting them know when they need to take over vehicle functioning. There is issues with user interface and with software updates that may or may not be clear to consumers who are using their vehicles. And there are profound and fully knotty ethical implications of algorithms.    A reality check is provided by our testing, which shows performance issues with current technologies in sunny, rainy, snowy, or icy conditions. That is a lot of weather to challenge these systems.    As this suggests, there is much work that needs to be done before cars drive themselves. Automated driving technologies cannot and should not be oversold, particularly when consumers still must be prepared to take over the controls. Failing to appropriately communicate the limits or design systems with appropriate checks on foreseeable use and misuse of systems can give consumers a false sense of security and even cost lives. As more vehicles with automated driving technologies hit the market, we will carefully evaluate them and report to consumers on their safety. For its part, NHTSA should ensure that companies put consumers first by collecting and publishing data and what has collected sufficient evidence by setting robust safety standards.    The agency has indicated the Federal Automated Vehicles Policy guidance is an initial regulatory framework. It covers a wide range of subjects but we think it is light on specific choices that companies should make to assure safety. We urge lawmakers to take three key steps. First, to recognize that NHTSA remains chronically under-resourced. To improve and ensure consumer trust in automated vehicles, the agency must receive its requested funding so it can independently and thoroughly assess the safety of these systems.    Members should also recognize a few fundamental steps needed to assure effective oversight of automated driving. Here are three: We call on companies first to give their safety data to NHTSA and the public. Dr. Rosekind indicated that the data would show what is best. That makes sense but right now, the safety benefits of autonomous driving are speculative and based on data held entirely by the companies. Regulators and consumers both deserve to know the basis the companies use to determine that an automated technology is safe, particularly if they are making claims that this technology performs more safely than human drivers.    Second, NHTSA's enforcement capability should be strengthened. NHTSA has the authority to deem automated system risks to be safety-related defects but its practical ability to get unsafe cars off the road quickly has long been limited and is challenged in a world of instant software updates. Congress should give the agency imminent hazard authority so that it can take immediate action.    Third, NHTSA and other relevant agencies must take a hard look at the risks of a lack of cybersecurity in vehicles. The recent Dyn attack raises the question of what must be done to safeguard consumers and this issue can't wait.    NHTSA has repeatedly requested imminent hazard authority, I will note, and it is part of Ranking Member Schakowsky's Vehicle Safety Improvement Act, which we support.    In conclusion, automated innovation is essential. It has included features with major benefits to consumer safety, such as automatic emergency braking. But our ambitions in this area must be balanced with accountability and a full view of how humans interact with this technology. Building public trust is critical. Public data, vigorous agency oversight, and attention to a total-vehicle and consumer-first approach will be needed to ensure that safety keeps pace with technological change.    Ms. MacCleery. Yes, there was a challenge made to the engineering community by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration under President Carter. And he went out and he said basically let the engineers solve this problem. So, they designed the research safety vehicle and it had a number of really interesting innovations, including a kind of plastic styrofoam that was inside the vehicle's structure so that it would be very crash absorbing and it made the vehicle crash safe at 50 miles an hour.    And really, that is a high water mark that has not----    Ms. MacCleery. Well, it wasn't the standard. It was a test vehicle----    Ms. MacCleery . A prototype----    Ms. MacCleery . That demonstrated what would be possible from a vehicle design and engineering perspective.    Ms. MacCleery. No.    Ms. MacCleery. The vehicles were mostly destroyed under the Reagan administration. There were two that were recently discovered and were brought to NHTSA for study.    Ms. MacCleery. Yes, there are a lot of complexities to raising occupant safety standards, including dealing with smaller statured individuals and how aggressive air bags would be. So, you have to factor in the whole vehicle approach. But if you can build the crash worthiness into the vehicle structure, the way that air bags do, it helps all occupants. And that is what the design of the research safety vehicle demonstrated was possible.    Ms. MacCleery. I don't think we are. NHTSA has a number of standards that are badly out of date and have not come pace with where vehicles are performing today. And we should be upgrading the safety standards. As we have heard, a mixed fleet is what we are going to be dealing with for the foreseeable future.    Ms. MacCleery. And so, saving lives in the interim is really a priority.    Ms. MacCleery. Well, we see an enormous variance among the effectiveness and consumer-facing features of various current performance technology. Some of them don't work under certain weather conditions. Others of them may not be to the consumer's liking in terms of how they are doing alerts.    For example, in the Lane Assist technologies, we have done testing where you are trying to swerve to avoid a bicyclist or a pedestrian and the vehicle tries to correct that by pulling the steering wheel back out of your hand and keeping with the lane. That could, actually, cause a collision and it is unnerving from a driver's perspective to be steering into the object that you are trying to avoid.    And so these technologies are in development. And some are better than others. They are not uniform. And that is why we think having the data sharing piece is so important because once the public and regulators can get access to the data about which systems work better than others, then you can see how to set the direction for the future of these technologies and which ones are really proving beneficial.    Ms. MacCleery. So, we think that it is not probably decades away but it is really an unknown in terms of the exact time line when these vehicles could come on the road. And what we are most concerned about is that vehicles currently touted as self-driving are actually not there yet. And so that that is misleading to consumers who actually need to be able, and poised, and paying attention to take over the wheel at a moment's notice. We know that human beings have a hard time coming in and out of paying attention to situations. And so we think that that kind of overselling of the technology represents a particular hazard.    Ms. MacCleery. On the cybersecurity question, I think we are very concerned. What we saw with the distributed denial of service attack just a few weeks ago was that there are lots of back doors and lots of products. And obviously, the prospect of having some sort of coordinated attack that would take over the wheel from American drivers is very concerning.    We have a guidance that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration just issued. We think that is a good first step but it really needs to be pushed forward quite aggressively so that we all have a better view of what are the vulnerabilities and how to fix them, both with current vehicles and the current technologies that are already on the road, as well as future and anticipated technologies in vehicles.    In terms of aftermarket solutions, I think some of the same security concerns would apply. And so you would want them to be compliant with whatever that new standard on cybersecurity is that gets established.    As to your third question, in terms of the future of autonomous vehicles and aftermarket solutions, we haven't really comprehensively evaluated these technologies at Consumer Reports. It is something that we are looking at. And so we really don't have a view yet, driver reviews based on evidence in the testing and we would need to conduct comprehensive testing of some of the aftermarket opportunities.    Ms. MacCleery. I think that is the heart of the question. We do have issues with social signaling, the kind of thing that was discussed a few minutes ago, with regard to drivers indicating to one another when they are going to enter a new lane and that sort of thing and there is real questions about whether fully autonomous vehicles can actually participate in that kind of social exchange on the roads and what happens to the technology if it can't read those signals.    You know there is also issues with a mixed fleet of the unpredictable and of variances in the technology in terms of how well the various safety performance technologies do for consumers and how much safety benefit they provide.    We are, obviously, very keen to see innovations that enhance safety. We have been huge fans of some of those technologies, including advanced emergency braking and have tested a variety of those systems and think that they do provide a real safety benefit, alongside other systems, like electronic stability control that have already been made part of regulations.    So, we are eager for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to do sufficient data collection. They can actually compare the benefits of these systems and look at them together.    Ms. MacCleery. We are very concerned about this. We have been looking at the issues in terms of the vulnerabilities. There was a well-known July 2015 hack of a Jeep, and Tesla and Mitsubishi vehicles have also recently been hacked. There was a news reporter who also allowed his vehicle to be hacked and lost control. And we are incredibly concerned that any vehicle connected to the internet is potentially vulnerable and that this is a sort of a late-arriving issue in terms of vehicle design that needs to be addressed forthwith.