    Ms. Saldana. Thank you, Chairman, thank you, Ranking Member Cummings, and other committee members. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today, and I really do mean that. I know that many remarks made to this committee start out like that, but I will tell you this is the first congressional committee that I have testified before since I have been the assistant secretary for Homeland Security Immigration and Customs Enforcement, 86 days, 9 hours, and 25 minutes ago.    I consider this a very important part of my job. I do not shirk away from it and I welcome it, and it is part of my education to hear from you all as to your concerns.    As you all know, ICE has a very vital role in securing the homeland through the enforcement of more than 400 laws governing immigration. But we also have laws that affect border control, customs, and trade.    I most recently served as the United States attorney for the Northern District of Texas. I say that very, very proudly. One of the greatest jobs in the world, you will hear every U.S. attorney say. As the chief Federal law enforcement officer for a district that spanned 97,000 square miles, I oversaw the enforcement of these 400 laws and, quite frankly, thousands more under all the Federal statutes.    From my early years cutting my teeth, my prosecutorial teeth on the immigration docket in my office to these first 90 days as Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, I have personally observed what the chairman recognized, and that is the talent and dedication of ICE's agents, its officers, its attorneys, its international and mission support staff as they go about the business of securing the homeland. I consider it a great privilege to continue my law enforcement career as the leader of this agency.    Given the topic upon which you have asked me to testify, I want to give you a brief overview of ICE's enforcement and removal operations, a little bit about our recent activity, and then also just highlight some of the challenges that we face.    ICE's Enforcement and Removal Operations Office, again, just a portion of what ICE does, a significant portion, referred to as ERO, is a team of almost 6,000 dedicated law enforcement offices stationed throughout the world, actually, who apprehend and remove undocumented immigrants in a way that focuses our finite resources on those who present the greatest risk to the American public.    In carrying out this mission, they have a wide array of important, very important and complex responsibilities, not the least of which are overseeing the detention facilities, coordinating departures all over the world, and obtaining travel documents from other countries, some of which do not care to cooperate with ICE in any manner.    We work closely with our sister agencies within the homeland security umbrella, Customs and Border Protection, as they encounter and apprehend undocumented immigrants at our borders and at our ports of entry; and citizenship and immigration services as they perform their immigration benefit services.    In 2014, ICE removed nearly 316,000 individuals unlawfully present in the United States. More than 213,000 of these individuals were apprehended while or shortly after attempting to cross our borders. I should point out, in line with the theme of the opening remarks of our chairman and ranking member, that about 85 percent of these interior removals were of undocumented immigrants previously convicted of a criminal offense. That is an 18 percent increase over 2011 and it reflects the agency's renewed focus for some time now on aggressively targeting and removing the worst criminal immigrants: security threats, convicted felons, gang members, and the like.    With respect to the operational challenges we face, first, as you all well know, our Country faced an unprecedented migration of families last summer, including unaccompanied children coming up from the Rio Grande Valley, which required ICE, as well as many other agencies, to shift resources to address that. ICE detailed or transferred almost 800 personnel away from what they were doing and additional monetary resources to deal with this extraordinary influx.    A second challenge is the dramatic increase in the number of jurisdictions that have declined to cooperate with ICE in its law enforcement activities. A detainer advises other law enforcement agencies that ICE intends to assume custody of an individual before that individual is released from the agency's custody, and we ask that individual to be held for a very short time until we can get that custody.    Re-arresting at-large criminal aliens released by State and local jurisdictions only increases the already extraordinary risks our law enforcement officers already face, and is a waste of resources that reduces the number of criminal aliens ICE can apprehend and remove.    Last calendar year, State and local jurisdictions rejected more than 12,000 ICE detainee requests. These are convicted criminals. And ICE has been denied access to more than 275 detention facilities, including those in some of our Country's largest cities and States.    A third challenge we face is the changing migrant demographic. We have recently seen more Central Americans and fewer immigrants from Mexico attempting to cross our borders. It requires more time and resources to complete the removal process for Central Americans, as they demand additional time, resources, staff, enhanced efforts to get travel documents to remove them, and the arrangement of air transportation.    My first 90 days or so as director have been full, both in becoming familiar with the challenges as I just described that face ICE and in formulating and implementing plans to try to address them.    I would be remiss if I did not express my gratitude, since obviously we cannot do our job without proper funding, for the passage earlier this month of a full year appropriation bill for the Department of Homeland Security, which include our agency and its 20,000 employees.    Let me conclude by saying, Mr. Chairman, that I left my family, my friends, the State I have lived in for all my 63 years behind, which, as many of you here facing me have done so as well, for the sole purpose, for the sole purpose of assisting a very proud agency to move forward and to help in whatever small way I can, help our Country to address these very difficult, complex, and divisive issues facing the Country.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Saldana. Those are the people we are looking for, yes.    Ms. Saldana. They are in the process of being deported. Everyone in our detention facilities is in the process of being deported, chairman.    Ms. Saldana. Actually, I do want to address that number. I think you talked about 36,000, Chairman, earlier?    Ms. Saldana. And I think you, the members of this committee, and the American public deserve a thorough explanation regarding that 36,000.    I think I mentioned earlier, we have many challenges at ICE. One of them is the opinions we get from the highest court in the land, the Supreme Court. You all are familiar and have heard the term Zadvydas, which is the Supreme Court decision that requires ICE, requires ICE, does not give us an option, to release persons without hurting them.    Ms. Saldana. You mentioned 36,007 in Fiscal Year 2013. A little bit more were those that we don't have any discretionary control over.    Ms. Saldana. Automatically, sir? No. The statute, the laws that this Congress has passed, deny these people due process.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, sir. The law gives us that discretion.    Ms. Saldana. It is true, sir.    Ms. Saldana. It does happen. It does happen, yes, that is exactly what we are here to do.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. Even criminals that are released. And, mind you, we are talking about--let's focus on the ones that you were talking about with respect to ICE, the 22,000 or so in 2013. Those people were released under the laws of the United States. We are allowed to, discretionarily, as you pointed out, to give a bond.    Ms. Saldana. No, sir, it is not a matter of choosing; it is a matter of following the law.    Ms. Saldana. The discretion you are talking about, sir, if I may explain to you so that you and the American public can appreciate what the process is.    Ms. Saldana. The discretion we have is to determine custody pending that person's removal. The removal process is in the hands of the immigration courts. Those immigration courts are under the auspices of the Department of Justice, the Department I previously worked for. And with respect to those people, it can take, following due process, months and even years to deport folks.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, those are dangerous crimes.    Ms. Saldana. The priorities are priorities, sir, whether they are one, two, or three.    Ms. Saldana. What was that number, sir, again, over what?    Chairman Saldana. It is 167,000 convicted felons. These are people--I shouldn't say felons. Convicted people. These are people that are here illegally, get caught, get convicted, and you release back into the public.    Ms. Saldana. Sir, we only release pursuant to the statute. I don't know of a single officer, detention officer or other officer, that comes to encounter an illegal immigrant who looks at that person and says, you know what, I think I am going to release someone into the public who can commit another crime.    Ms. Saldana. I am very familiar with detention and the idea of detention, chairman, because as a United States attorney we face these decisions every day in the courts. So do the Federal judges we practice before. Detention is provided by statute, and the considerations for detention are provided by statute.    Ms. Saldana. I am trying, chairman.    Ms. Saldana. Our plan is what we do every day. You mentioned these convicted felons out there. We have information in data bases that we use hundreds of people, both right here in the District.    Ms. Saldana. Chairman? There is a process provided by statute in which the officers, Congress gave us the authority to exercise discretion with respect to every person, as we do on a case-by-case analysis, not picking and choosing little facts out of a file, but the entire picture of this individual. Is this person terminally ill and cannot be removed from the Country because we cannot get medical authorization to do so? That is actually one of those cases you are talking about. This is an exercise that we take very seriously and we determine on every case's facts.    Ms. Saldana. Thank you, Congresswoman. Yes, I do want to talk about this subject because, actually, I have been exercising prosecutorial discretion for over 10 years as a United States attorney and assistant United States attorney and, of course, now in managing ICE.    I should say that the origins of prosecutorial discretion are those that you all have given the Secretary of Homeland Security. Perhaps not the individuals in this room today, but the Congress. And I will read from the 2015 bill that was passed that I thanked you for earlier, chairman, where it says, specifically in the language that you authorized, that the Secretary of Homeland Security shall prioritize the identification and removal of aliens convicted of a crime by the severity of that crime. That is precisely what you have directed the secretary to do, that is what the secretary has directed me to do, and that is what we have done.    As the United States attorney, as I said earlier, I think somebody at the Department of Justice tried to count the number of statues that we are responsible for enforcing. The person stopped at 3,000. There is no way that, with the limited budget that United Stated attorneys have and, by analogy, that the director of ICE has, finite resources, that we can prosecute, in the case as the United States attorney, that I could prosecute people who break the 3,000-plus Federal laws of the United States.    So, as a United States attorney, I set specific prosecutorial guidelines for my office to make sure that we were having the greatest public safety impact over that 97,000 square mile district that I described earlier. The greatest impact to ensure that. I would have loved to have prosecuted every case.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. Obviously, terrorists, convicted felons, persons who are gang members, all of those who threaten public safety. The secretary has very clearly laid out--you asked about the difference between the guidance that already existed. I would probably have come in and reviewed that guidance and made my own decisions, but the secretary had just reviewed that, sent out his memo of November 20th, and specifically outlined those priorities.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. And significant misdemeanors. And I should also point out, because I have directed all my staff to do this, that the priorities specifically allow for that person facing the individual illegal immigrant to exercise their best judgment, as we expect of them every day, that even if they don't meet those three priorities, if in their opinion, based on all the facts and circumstances pertaining to that individual, that they deem them to be a public safety threat, that we detain those people and put them in removal proceedings.    Ms. Saldana. Four hundred for ICE, sir, 3,000 or thousands more with respect----    Ms. Saldana. They are supposed to enforce all the immigration laws.    Ms. Saldana. As I mentioned earlier, with those difficult decisions as I had with a United States attorney, Congressman, we have focused the attention of all of our officers, the 5,000 or so that I mentioned, to focus on those who most threaten our national security.    Ms. Saldana. And as I mentioned, Congressman, Border Patrol is our sister agency; they are the folks at the border and the ports of entry.    Ms. Saldana. I am responsible for ICE, and this is what we have done with respect to clearing any confusion that there is. We have required very specific training to have been completed by 100 percent, not 98, 96, 95, but 100 percent----    Ms. Saldana. I believe I said that number was----    Ms. Saldana. Over that period of time, that is.    Ms. Saldana. And I see that the source is ICE. I am not sure what in particular, but I think those numbers you got from us----    Ms. Saldana. No, sir.    Ms. Saldana. I am not familiar with those numbers that you are quoting.    Ms. Saldana. And I think you and the American public deserve a response to that, sir.    Ms. Saldana. As you know, and this is good news, Customs and Border Protection has been apprehending far fewer persons at the border this past year than they ever have. They are at 24 percent decline in apprehensions at the border. That should be good news. I know that Mexico and other countries that I have visited since I have been with the Department have ramped up their efforts to try to stop people before they come into the United States.    Ms. Saldana. Thank you.    Ms. Saldana. I have not.    Ms. Saldana. No. There was very fine print down there. I am 63 years old; my eyes are not as good as they used to be.    Ms. Saldana. No. In fact, I would be delighted to do so, take that chart and come back.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, sir.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, I have that.    Ms. Saldana. It was extraordinary and, of course, we went through this when I was the U.S. attorney back in Dallas last year, as well. You have to take the attention of people off the very important work they are doing and provide guidance on things like not showing up for work, for example, if we did not have any money; certainly not carrying on with the grants that we have that we award local law enforcement in order to assist us in our very important efforts. Never mind the human toll it takes on the 20,000 employees that we have.    The mission is the most important thing in terms of the impact, and to take away our ability to do what we can do--and we can do a lot--is by guessing whether or not we are going to have funds at the end of the week. I think we went through this very painfully 2 weeks in a row. It was just very difficult.    Ms. Saldana. Well, all of our front office governing all the staff we have in the Country--and let's not forget the attaches we have in 47 foreign countries--were taken off of their daily tasks and put to identifying the staff that we might need to lay off, might need to send home; making sure we had made arrangements for people to have a place to work even though they weren't getting paid; lining up our budget people who had to work day and night in order to make sure that we were going to be able to honor the contracts, for example, with respect to the detention facilities that we have in several parts of the Country, to be able to honor our contracts with those people to maintain those folks in detention that were in detention in our facilities.    Ms. Saldana. It was millions of dollars, sir, but I don't have a precise number.    Ms. Saldana. No, sir.    Ms. Saldana. Well, it is grounded in a rational approach, Congressman.    Ms. Saldana. Is discretion discretion?    Ms. Saldana. I believe discretion means discretion, yes.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. We have a number of information data bases that have last known addresses----    Ms. Saldana. Perhaps 900,000, 100 percent, but we have some very savvy law enforcement officers who can do some good old fashioned police work and are very good at it.    Ms. Saldana. Custody decisions, sir, by law, are determined by two basic factors: public safety--we can't just detain people because we want to detain them.    Ms. Saldana. And threat to the community.    Ms. Saldana. It is a priority. It is called priority two, sir. It is priority level two.    Ms. Saldana. We don't have the ability to deport without an order of removal. We will apprehend and arrest them if we encounter them.    Ms. Saldana. I didn't say that, sir. And let me tell you, as a prosecutor, I would give my right hand----    Ms. Saldana. If I may answer the question.    Ms. Saldana . So the American public can know who the director of ICE is.    Ms. Saldana. As a prosecutor, I would love to get my hands on those people and personally prosecute them.    Ms. Saldana. Congressman, with all due respect, I do not have the facts that you have just cited in front of me.    Ms. Saldana. I would love to. In fact, I would like every case that you know of----    Ms. Saldana. If I may finish, sir.    Ms. Saldana. If I may finish, sir.    Ms. Saldana. And let me tell you what I have learned. With respect to Mr. Shaw and Mr. Ronnebeck, that is not an unusual situation to me. I have sat next to victims of crime and homicides, and had to deal with them when we were prosecuting cases, and I will say that I would love to be the first person to prosecute Mr. Altamirano, the person who committed that horrendous crime.    And let me say a frustration of mine, if I sound emotional on this also. My frustration is the quibbling I hear here when we are trying to do a law enforcement job, the quibbling I hear. Mr. Ronnebeck, in that very emotional, tremendously personal Statement, said something that I thought was so wise. He urged this committee and every Member of Congress to set aside their personal interests and differences, and to move forward with comprehensive immigration reform so that this does not happen again. I am all for that.    Ms. Saldana. From last year, sir?    Ms. Saldana. Thank you so much.    Ms. Saldana. Sir, I can only speak for the agency. We welcome any amount of money that we have. We can always do more with more resources. We are just doing the best we can with the resources we have right now.    Ms. Saldana. OK. And when you were referring to detainees, Congresswoman, we are talking about people who are in our custody?    Ms. Saldana. Obviously, we have some very important standards to ensure their safety and their attention to all their needs; medical, food, housing, and everything, while they are waiting. I will tell you that I am not blaming the courts, but I will tell you this is a system, the immigration system involves various parties, and the immigration courts are obviously a very important part of that.    We have almost half a million people waiting to hear about their petitions. And I know that the Congress did allow for some more judges. I would urge this committee to do everything it can, and I am more than happy to work with you all to try to come up with some more answers to adding more judges to the immigration courts. But they are an essential part of what we do.    I have met with Juan Osuna, the coordinator for the Department of Justice. I had worked with Mr. Osuna when I worked on the Attorney General's Advisory Committee for Immigration and have a good relationship with him. We are going to try to have meetings fairly regularly to talk about everything we are doing and what they can do help us and what we can do to help them.    I have also tried to solicit a meeting with the chief judge of the immigration courts to explain to that person the need to coordinate and get as much help as we can to reduce the backlog.    I just plead for more help in that regard from all of you all.    Ms. Saldana. As I mentioned earlier, we are a part of a large group of organizations that touch undocumented workers. Immigration courts are ones, the Supreme Court of the United States is another. And in that decision they required us, they ordered us. So when we say there are 30,000 releases that ICE does, that leaves out a couple of facts, and one of those is that almost half of those are those that ICE is required under the Zadvydas order; the other half are the immigration courts, which have made their own custody determinations, and they are allowed to by law, and have revisited and decided that we are to release those. We follow orders of the court.    Ms. Saldana. I am sorry, with respect to those that we have discretion over, sir?    Ms. Saldana. It has to do with our case-by-case determinations that some person can meet the----    Ms. Saldana. Actually, it is very specific guidance.    Ms. Saldana. It is direction and policy, yes, sir.    Ms. Saldana. That is correct.    Ms. Saldana. Sir, it is our discretion based on a very rational analysis of the facts and circumstances for every person that comes before us. To answer your question, let me say the secretary put out the November 20th memorandum where he outlined specifically his priorities, and I will tell you that, just like you and the chairman and the ranking member, that number of 30,000 caught my attention real quick.    Ms. Saldana. Let me point out, Congressman, again, I don't want to quibble with you, but when you say ICE released 66,000, I point out to you once again that about half of those were releases that we were ordered to do. Now, with respect to the other half, let me say specifically I have directed our chief counsel, our field office directors, and our officers out there, all of them.    Ms. Saldana. Because of my concern, I announced another level of review so that I can be satisfied that these decisions are being rationally made. It may offend somebody that we are looking over their shoulders, but we are going to do it so that I can be satisfied of this. I am asking every field officer, director at that level or close to that level, associate directors, to review every----    Ms. Saldana. I am trying to answer the question.    Ms. Saldana. OK. That policy that I am talking about that I have advised everybody about includes notification to State and local law enforcement when we do release a criminal; not only the additional levels of review which I announced and have put in place and actually issued a press release with respect to it yesterday, the additional level of reviews.    Ms. Saldana. It is going to take us a little time to get the system going and make sure we are all talking to each other electronically, but that is what we are doing.    Ms. Saldana. I cannot give you a specific date, but we are working as fast as we can on that. And let's not forget the secretary and the deputy secretary's efforts, along with myself, going across the Country, meeting with police chiefs and sheriffs to discuss this new system and everything we are doing in connection with----    Ms. Saldana. I am very hopeful, sir, yes. I will get back to you on specifically where we are when we get back after this hearing.    Ms. Saldana. To return?    Ms. Saldana. Oh, 2 weeks?    Ms. Saldana. Thank you.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, absolutely. I am one of these people that makes lists and try to check them off, so we will be sure to be doing that.    Ms. Saldana. OK, what I announced yesterday is with respect to this issue of the criminal releases, I want to satisfy myself that we are doing everything we can to make sure we are doing the right decisions. So there were four aspects to that initiative that, quite frankly, I was directed by the secretary to review and have come up with. And in addition to the additional oversight of every decision that is made with respect to a criminal release, that has already been done.    Actually, that is one, two, and three of my directive. Those are already in place. Everybody who is out there is acting accordingly. That is, a person makes a custody decision or a bond determination; a field office director or someone equivalent is reviewing that; and on a monthly basis we are gathering senior managers to review all of those decisions.    The fourth aspect is the one I said--so let me just be clear. Those top three are done.    Ms. Saldana. They are in place. They are happening now.    Ms. Saldana. No. 4 is the communication with State and local jurisdiction is to make sure they know ahead of time that we are releasing a criminal into their community, because we want them to keep tabs on those folks, too, and be aware of that. So that is the one that is going to take a little bit more time because it involves tapping into a system we already have for victim notification to expand it to State and locals. That is just going to take a little bit more time, and that is what I was saying, is I have to go back and visit with my folks to see exactly where we are with respect to that.    Ms. Saldana. I am with you, sir.    Ms. Saldana. I will let you know by the end of the week the best date that I can come up with.    Ms. Saldana. I am going to come up with a date, sir.    Ms. Saldana. It is 30,007, I believe is the number.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. It is under 3, yes.    Ms. Saldana. No, that is a figure I am very familiar with as a United States attorney.    Ms. Saldana. You question my intelligence, sir?    Ms. Saldana. I would like it to be zero.    Ms. Saldana. But I cannot--I will tell you if we were to get it down to zero, we were almost requiring our officers to have total prescience, be able to predict things that have not yet happened; and that is an extraordinary standard I can't hold folks to. What I do hold them to is to be trained on what to look for in determining flight risk and threat to the public.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. And when you say you, not me personally, but persons responsible for them.    Ms. Saldana. We actually have been re-tweaking this risk classification system. Mind you, we put in all kinds of data with respect to the undocumented immigrant, and it gives us a risk classification. We took another look at it after these priorities came out in November 20th that the secretary announced; we re-tweaked it. We are looking at it all the time, Congressman. So what we have asked, though--that is just an assessment.    Ms. Saldana. Then you have a human being actually looking at the entire facts, the number that comes out in the assessment, the facts and circumstances to make a determination based on their training and their experience--we have some very well experienced officers out there--to make a judgment on whether these people meet the bond requirements or not.    Ms. Saldana. Very familiar with that struggle.    Ms. Saldana. That is an identification of good candidates for, based on again, intensive factual analysis, to be released and not detained based on whether, again, they represent a risk, whether they are a good candidate.    And we have had extraordinary success with that; those people are actually showing up. We have asked for and gotten a little more money in 2015 to expand this program. We are making those decisions all the time with respect to the candidates. Based on that success, we are asking for even more money in 2016 in regard to this, because when we see something that works, we want to continue using it.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. It is anything you would use actually with a bond person; that is, monitoring, ankle bracelets. They are out, but they are being supervised, for example; report in more often than otherwise. There are alternatives to putting someone in a detention center versus having them out there but with a short leash.    Ms. Saldana. It is the case that he may not. But as I mentioned earlier, I am not sure that you were here at the time, the priorities also are very clear that on that case-by-case assessment that the officer does, he must take a look at the whole picture and whether or not there is a conviction or some other very obvious reason to hold him, that if that officer believes, in that extensive experience that most of them have and the training they have received, that that person presents a threat to public safety, they have the discretion to request that they be detained.    Ms. Saldana. May I comment on that real quickly?    Thank you, sir. I did look at that testimony of Mr. Shaw and I was very moved. We have reviewed that file. There had been no encounter with ICE before he committed that offense.    Ms. Saldana. I can't speak for the locals, I am sorry. But I will tell you that, again, it is on me if these officers aren't being properly trained and having their questions answered. As I said earlier, I have directed everyone to take these criminal cases very seriously; have instituted those procedures I talked about earlier. I am with Mr. Shaw on this.    Ms. Saldana. That is.    Ms. Saldana. Congresswoman, if I could just clarify. They are not part of the criminal justice system. Bond determinations are made comparable to, analogous to what the criminal justice considerations are when determining bond in those cases. But these are administrative detentions.    Ms. Saldana. Right. And that detention, the bond determination is provided in the statute.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. Why is it better?    Ms. Saldana. Well, every case, Congresswoman, every case, the only thing we are thinking about is public safety; and the two considerations about flight risk and threat to the community; and, by statute, even in some cases, humanitarian reasons.    Ms. Saldana. There are a whole host of them, and this is very much like the criminal justice system in bond determinations: the severity of the crime, how long ago it was committed, the circumstances and facts of the underlying offense, the ties to the community.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, absolutely. That is where ties to the community, financial resources, where the person has a job.    Ms. Saldana. All of those are considerations. There is a whole host of them.    Ms. Saldana. Absolutely. The nature of their criminal record, their offenses, their current offense, all their history going back that we have access to.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. And if I may just say it is a frustration that we all have. I took issue many times with the Federal courts decisions on matters when I was asking for bond and did not get it. Congresswoman, I started out my career very early on in the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission as an investigator and an intake person, so I became familiar with you at that time.    Ms. Saldana. My goodness.    Ms. Saldana. I can only speak for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, sir. I am not aware of any such memo. I can't speak for CBP; I really don't know. The memos we are sending out is to give guidance on the secretary's priorities that he announced on November 20.    Ms. Saldana. Anything I have done since December 23d, when I was sworn into office, has been to direct our people to follow the law.    Ms. Saldana. The law and the policies as the Secretary of Homeland Security has announced November 20th.    Ms. Saldana. This is Border Patrol?    Ms. Saldana. That is our sister agency.    Ms. Saldana. That the President is talking about?    Ms. Saldana. I cannot. I can tell you in general with respect to any member of an agency, organization, a private company, any member has to abide by the policies and the directives at the top. I mean, that is pretty straightforward.    Ms. Saldana. The consequences, I cannot tell you what the President was talking about. I cannot. I can tell you that if someone is not doing their job, there are consequences, up to and including termination; there is discipline, there is suspension, there is penalties. All kinds of things that can start from a written reprimand all the way to termination. That is basic employment.    Ms. Saldana. It is not following the law and the policies of this Administration. It is both, sir. Policy is just as critical as law.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. I would say that is a problem. But I am not aware of that in this case with respect to immigration and customs enforcement. And again, Congressman, I really can't speak to Border Patrol and the customs and border protection.    Ms. Saldana. Absolutely. The one I was talking about, in fact, we may have a copy with us right now. I will make sure you get it even before the conclusion of this hearing, the one that I sent out yesterday.    Ms. Saldana. Sir, let me make it clear. I am the Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement. There are seven agencies within Department of Homeland Security. I do not send directives to employees of Customs and Border Protection; they are not my employees.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, I do send directives to ICE.    Ms. Saldana. You may have any directive I have sent to ICE.    Ms. Saldana. I am not aware of that.    Ms. Saldana. No, I was not aware of that.    Ms. Saldana. Of course. Of course.    Ms. Saldana. Not determinative, sir, but I would think you all would think that is a good thing.    Ms. Saldana. It reflects border security to me if we are stopping everybody that comes across and there are zero apprehensions.    Ms. Saldana. How do I know something that is not happening?    Ms. Saldana. And let me be sure I understand your question.    Ms. Saldana. Would you repeat it, please?    Ms. Saldana. I have no data that reflects something that is not happening.    Ms. Saldana. Oh, I do. I do.    Ms. Saldana. I presume that you, sir, as well as every other congressperson here, wants us to apprehend everybody that is coming across the border illegally.    Ms. Saldana. And, if possible, get that down to zero.    Ms. Saldana. So zero would be good news. I believe we all agree on that.    Ms. Saldana. I am not familiar with that.    Ms. Saldana. The persons at the border are Customs and Border Protection, most likely, and there are some circumstances, if I am understanding this correct, where they do turn back people back into Mexico.    Ms. Saldana. Not that I am aware of.    Ms. Saldana. This is one of the challenges that I mentioned in my opening Statement, sir, and I enlist the help of anybody that I can get help from on this issue. Because our biggest priority is criminals, convicted felons in particular, we need to work with State and local jurisdictions who are apprehending undocumented workers for offenses against State and local law.    They have them in their custody; we can now communicate with the State and local jurisdiction and get some notice in advance, through our detainer request, to let us know that they are about to release them because they have served their State custody sentence and that we can take possession of them because of their violation of the law; and now we have a convicted criminal here.    Ms. Saldana. Some jurisdictions are.    Ms. Saldana. I can't speak for them. I will tell you some of them have policies and laws that are telling----    Ms. Saldana. I cannot say that the detainee notices are mandatory; they are definitely discretionary.    Ms. Saldana. Well, we have argued that and there is pending litigation everywhere on this topic. I think you may be familiar with the Oregon case.    Ms. Saldana. Thank you. Amen. Yes.Washington, DC.    Ms. Saldana. Thank you.    Ms. Saldana. I am not sure. I think if we could deport 11 million people there might be a message sent that you really shouldn't be coming into the United States. But I think that is fairly impractical.    Ms. Saldana. I can speak to when we are in the picture.    Ms. Saldana. And this is bound by statute. I think the Immigration and Nationality Act is about this big. But what happens is we arrest them, they come into custody, we process them, take fingerprints, get all kinds of information on them so we can establish a data base. Very early on the question is we have to make ICE--this is ICE--has to make a custody determination and whether bond is appropriate.    Based on the factors that I talked about earlier, that decision is made. Either they go into a detention center because we say there is no bond allowable, or we say the bond, and I believe the minimum is $1500 all the way up to whatever is necessary in our view to get them to report in the future is then assessed.    If not, they can challenge that determination by ICE, and they do very, very often. So then they go into the immigration court for the immigration court then to say, ICE, you were right in your bond determination or no, you should let these release. So that half of the people that I think we have been talking about, 30,000 that were released in 2013 and another, 36,000 in 2013 and another 30,000 in 2014, that is where the immigration courts have come in or the Zadvydas case and said they must be released; ICE, you do that.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. If we encounter them and get our hands on them, sure.    Ms. Saldana. Well, we learned some very hard lessons last summer, so as I think many of you are aware, we have ramped up our family facilities because, of course, the surge involved unaccompanied children and families with children. So we have established Dili that I visited about a month ago and have 400 or so units already developed with people in them, and we are expanding and should conclude up to 2400 units by May.    We are gathering all the intelligence we can get, some of which I cannot share in public here, but I am happy to share it with you in a classified setting, to try to see if we can expect that again this year. I do know that what I met with the minister of security in Mexico City a few weeks ago, that he feels very strongly that we may be getting some more people up here. Mexico has done an extraordinary job in stopping quite a few people--they report in the six figures--before they even get to the United States.    Ms. Saldana. A very critical one is China. I am actually going there this next week to sign a repatriation agreement where, as the result of work that I can't take credit for, although I would like to, that has been done with ICE officials, they have convinced the Chinese government to assist us with respect to interviewing Chinese nationals who we are removing from the Country. We are very happy for that step. We will continue to work with them and other countries to try to improve that situation.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. That is who we targeted, was people with serious criminal offenses, violent offenses.    Ms. Saldana. Well, actually, this is something ICE does every day, fugitive operations; try to locate those people at-large that we were talking about that perhaps we couldn't get through cooperation with State and local jurisdictions. So what we did was for a matter of weeks we worked toward--and this is our sixth operation in this regard; we do it once or twice a year. We searched all our resources to go through all the intelligence we had, information we have in data bases to identify people who were anywhere in the Country where we could identify people fitting that pattern of meeting our priorities.    Then we went out, and actually I got up 4:30 Sunday morning about 3 weeks ago with my bulletproof vest, and met up with a team of extraordinary ICE officers and actually we were able to locate and arrest two people on my team. The number is over 2,000. It was an extraordinary effort. Of course, when you do that, then you are not doing the day-to-day work, but that is a function that is right up our wheelhouse and exactly what we should be doing, and that is going after the worst of the worse, and that was an example of it.    Ms. Saldana. They go into the removal process. We issue a notice to appear. In some cases we may have some people who already have an order of removal. That will be easier to get them out of the Country. And, of course, once again, as Congresswoman Norton noted earlier, there are some due process requirements, but we are moving as expeditiously as possible to remove them from the Country.    Ms. Saldana. Yes. You mentioned the list of offenses. Those are serious assaults, other crimes, serious crimes that have been done, and that is where we should be spending every Federal dollar that the Congress has authorized us to spend, is on getting those people, identifying them, locating them, and getting them out of the Country and away from the American public.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, and it was very successful. Actually, it was extraordinarily successful. Again, this is an administrative process. The officer goes up and knocks on the door to see if the individual is in there, and I cannot say this enough. I am sorry if I am repeating myself, but when we don't have the cooperation of State and local jurisdictions, we are putting our officers at greater risk. My palms are sweating again thinking about these officers knocking on a door and not knowing what to expect when somebody opens the door.    We had a very good success rate; I think it was something like 20 percent of the people that we were looking for answered and we were able to arrest them.    Ms. Saldana. Well, I am actually thinking about expanding, and we are talking about it internally, our fugitive operations because there are people out there that we need to locate and get out. It is a vital part of what we do and, again, the priorities are these violent criminals, gang members, those kinds of things; and I think we had all of them represented in this group of 2,000-plus that we were able to arrest.    Ms. Saldana. If you are a criminal, we are going to locate you, arrest you, and put you in removal proceedings and deport you.    Ms. Saldana. This is what I do. This is what we are trying to achieve. We are looking for them. We are going to find them. I will tell you there will be no stone unturned to try to locate every one of them. Will we have a 100 percent success rate? That is probably impractical. But we are doing everything we can to find them.    Ms. Saldana. I think there was 1,000. I think there were 1,000 that we had. You mean by ICE? I am sorry.    Ms. Saldana. Or some other law enforcement agency?    Ms. Saldana. There were quite a few. I don't have that number right at hand.    Ms. Saldana. They are all in removal proceedings.    Ms. Saldana. Yes, sir.    Ms. Saldana. As I just Stated, I am the Director of ICE. Customs and Border Protection is one of the other agencies with the Department of Homeland Security----    Ms. Saldana. They are employees and, as I just Stated a minute ago, it is like any other employee; if they are not following the directives of the top, then anything from a reprimand to ultimately termination can occur. And I will tell you that is my view. I do not know what the President was talking about.    Ms. Saldana. I wish, I wish, and I mean this sincerely, I could get every criminal immigrant who is illegal in the Country out of the Country as quickly as possible, and I am doing everything I can to do that.    Ms. Saldana. No, sir. We have our hands full. We have our hands full with the priorities; the murderers, the rapists. We have our hands full. Those are the people we are out to look for. We are interested in public safety, border security, and national security; and that is where our focus is.    Ms. Saldana. I have made it very clear to all almost 20,000 employees that I expect them to uphold the highest standards, and, quite frankly, we have an employee manual that is quite extensive, where people know that if they do not represent the agency well or they commit, themselves, crimes, there will be consequences. So, quite frankly, I think it is an important thing to communicate clearly to employees what the expectations are.    Ms. Saldana. I really have not given that thought, sir. That is not something within the jurisdiction of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and I have not really studied the question. I would like to give you an informed opinion, and I just don't have the facts.    Ms. Saldana. It sounds like a reasonable proposition but, again, I like to give informed opinions, and I just don't know the facts.    Ms. Saldana. I am not an expert on the benefits that are provided to some people who are in the Country and who are undocumented, but I don't think they have the right to vote, sir. I don't think that is provided by law.    Ms. Saldana. I do not know that they do. I don't believe they have the right, illegal, undocumented aliens----    Ms. Saldana. I wish I had time to consider that and work on that, but I have so many issues to deal with at ICE that I haven't really focused on it.    Ms. Saldana. Yes.    Ms. Saldana. One alarms me. I would like to see them all out of the Country.    Ms. Saldana. I hadn't been on the job 6 hours when I met with all the senior staff and recognized that principle in particular, and that is we can't do our jobs without the women and men of the agency knowing what their job is, doing it well. We owe them the training and the tools necessary to do their job well.    Part of that is very clear communication. I have started that; I intend to improve on it. I have asked for a professional development plan giving our people the tools and the training they need to do their job; having their questions answered. It is very much, very much at the top of my list, and I appreciate you sending that message along; I couldn't agree more.    Ms. Saldana. I look forward to taking you up on that. You may regret having made that offer. I will see you to talk about that, and any member here. Thank you.    Ms. Saldana. Thank you.