    Mr. Zinke. Thank you Mr. Chairman.    You know, from the perspective of a ground-pounder, you know, I was just a frogman, it seems to me when you say your ability to defend the Nation, and I am concerned about the chain of command. You know, we have had earlier discussions about, you know, what is the difference whether a missile attack is incoming or whether it hits a military facility or a piece of our major infrastructure or our banking system, it is an attack.    And I am concerned that the chain of command doesn't allow you to quickly react to an attack because somehow we have to go through and determine whether it is a bank or whether it is a--you know, what article it is under. And it seems to me that we need to take a fast look at this and so we are not responding to a crisis, but preparing for what we will, I think most in this room believe, is an eventual attack.    So I guess my question is are you comfortable with the current--your current ability to defend this Nation and the shipyards and infrastructure and everything there is, the cyber? And if you are not, what are the benefits of looking at streamlining our chain of command and so we can have accountability, we can have, you know, cost and efficiency? What do you see as the path forward?    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Chairman, I yield the remaining part of my time.    I look forward to working with you on this and support you in any way I can.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Congressman Zinke.    We now proceed to Congressman Joaquin Castro of Texas.    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I guess, as I watch the fleet numbers go down, I get concerned. I think we are all concerned. But, also, when the fleet numbers go down, we are asking our fleet to do more with less and it is much easier for our adversaries to target individual platforms.    I guess the bottom line is, if further cuts occur, do you feel that those cuts could, in fact, put our ships and our fleet that are in harm's way at further risk being unable to detect and defend a cyber attack, particularly in the western theater?    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, Admiral.    Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Congressman Zinke.    We now proceed to Congressman Jim Cooper of Tennessee.