    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate you taking the time and effort to make sure that this hearing happened today on a very significant issue. I remember that back in 2001, the first real attack that I heard of after 9/11 happened in Bali where--and I happen to represent Surf City USA, Huntington Beach, and we took that very seriously, where just a group of surfers who were frankly enjoying themselves in the evening at one of their local bars, it was blown up and these are people who were no threat to anyone which indicated that we were, the world, when you combine that with what happened on 9/11, that the world was into a new challenge that we have faced and the good people of the world.    I will have to say that there is some skepticism on the part of some of us as to the way the administration is handling this unique challenge that we face. And I will say there are hints of that today, although let me just say that I have no doubt that each one of you are doing the very best job you can and I am grateful for it. I have three children who I want to live in a safer world. But I think that quite often this administration is mistaking the fight against radical Islamic terrorists, by the way a phrase which I have to note doesn't seem to be able to be spoken not only by our President, but even by the witnesses who come to Congress. I never heard that radical Islamic terrorism or just even Islamic terrorism. Instead, I hear about violent extremists as if we are not talking about Islamic terrorists at all. We are talking about extremists, whoever they are. No, what has happened is radical Islamic terrorists have declared war on the United States and on Western civilization, meaning our allies in this world. And I am sorry that you can't use those words because it takes away from the confidence that we could have in your efforts.    And in the fact that that seems to be something that indicates something, that it would be in my mind that you are taking a law-enforcement approach versus a counterterrorism approach. And law enforcement is a great deal different than counterterrorism. Law enforcement is that you basically will try to find out who has committed a crime and punish them for it and maybe to go out and to find out who is in a gang and try to get a message as you have described, and messages from people in Indonesia who are speaking out, Muslims are speaking out against this terrorism. But counterterrorism is you are dealing with monsters who kill innocent women and children, target them in order to terrorize a population. It is different than law enforcement. Totally different--not totally, but major differences in those approaches.    Let me ask you specifically, and again, I am afraid this administration and what I have heard today does not sway me from my apprehension that there is a problem there in the definition of what we are trying to do and the definition of who we are trying to get to or who we are trying to eliminate. Because we are not trying to eliminate violent extremists. That is not what is attacking our families and people throughout the world. It is radical Islamic terrorists.    Let me ask you about the Philippines, which I have spent a great deal of time in over the years. I understand there was recently an Abu Sayyaf terrorist attack in the Philippines. Is that correct? Can you give me some details on that?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes, we had a special forces team there for a number of years and they did a great job. And let me also note the State Department is focused on that part of the Philippines and has done a good job as well. And we should remember that Ramzi Yousef, after planning the first terrorist attack on the World Trade Center, where he ended up. He ended up in the Philippines and he was there--I am still trying to find evidence that was in some way associated with the Abu Sayyaf terrorist network and other people who are affiliated with that.    This is a major threat in the world today. This region is not immune. It could get a lot worse. I have reports that the situation in Mindanao is a lot worse than those of us who have been watching and believed it to be. So I look forward to working with you, as well as with our chairman, to make sure we all do our best to defeat the radical Islamic terrorists who want to murder us. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.