    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you so much for your service and thank you for the great job that you are doing in the Asia-Pacific. As Ms. Bordallo said, we had a great trip there.    Admiral Harris, I want to ask your perspective. As we got the laydown on the situation there in the Asia-Pacific, one of the things that was really compelling to me was the effort by the Chinese in the South China Sea. As you pointed out, their efforts there on Woody Island and the Paracels is something that is done. There is nothing that we can do to necessarily reverse that. The place, though, where I do believe we can have an impact is in the Spratly Islands. As you know, over 3,000 acres of reclamation there, those places are set up specifically, I believe, for them to militarize those areas.    As you spoke in your opening testimony, you talked about submarines as one of the elements that you have as a critical part of force structure. There is also a suggestion of a second aircraft carrier. In looking at what we can do to deter or prevent further militarization of the South China Sea, give me your perspective on the priority that you would need as far as naval assets, and I am asking you submarines versus the second aircraft carrier. Give me what your priorities would be in that situation.    Mr. Wittman. Sure.    Mr. Wittman. Very good. And you believe that is the most effective way that we could deter further militarization there in the Spratlys?    Mr. Wittman. Good.    Mr. Wittman. Very good. Thanks, Admiral Harris.    General Scaparrotti, I appreciate your time when we were there visiting at U.S. Forces-Korea and the great job you are doing there.    One of the questions I wanted to ask is, as you look at your needs--and, as you have pointed out, the threat, ISR, a critical portion of that to make sure you can look at what potentially is happening to the north. Another element, though, that is important is, if you do need to act, is to make sure that you have not only the information and people, the manning, but also the hardware.    Give me your perspective on where you are right now as far as munitions stores and whether they are adequate for what you look at as the potential scenarios there with North Korea.    General Scaparrotti. Thank you, sir, for the question. As you know--I will first describe the conflict on the Korean Peninsula, because while we have seen provocation, if we went to conflict in the Korean Peninsula, given the size of the forces and the weaponry involved, this would be more akin to the Korean War and World War II: very complex, probably high casualty. And because of that, first of all, it is just going to be a situation where I want to be ahead of that and be able to deter the aggressor. So my need is particularly to have the forces, the ballistic missile defense forces, et cetera, so that when I pick up the indication and warning, I can establish my defense, protect South Korea, our forces, and our population there immediately.    I think I have a good force for doing that today in the peninsula, but I also rely on PACOM for immediate forces to respond: for example, the air forces stationed in Japan and throughout the PACOM theater; ISR to be responsive; the Marine force and MEF to be responsive. And we keep a package--``we'' being PACOM commander, his force, his subordinate commands, and myself--that we know the readiness of those forces on any given day and any given hour that I need immediately, and we track those, and that is very important to my ability to respond and defend Korea.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    General, I have had a request from the recording people, if you would make sure the microphone is right in front of your face, then it seems to work better. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Courtney.