    Ms. VELAZUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Overtime pay and the Fair Labor Standards Act are cornerstones of economic fairness in our society. For nearly 80 years overtime rules have ensured that millions of workers are justly compensated when they work longer than the traditional 40 hour workweek. Yet, more and more Americans are working longer hours than ever before.    Those employed full-time report working an average of 47 hours per week and nearly 40 percent report logging 50 hours or more. Preserving the right to overtime pay is particularly crucial at a time when lower and middle-income families' wages are stagnant. These changes in the broader economy landscape prompted the Department of Labor to examine whether the standards used to determine which employees are eligible for overtime no longer reflected economic realities. In fact, it has been estimated that just 11 percent of salaried workers qualified for overtime. This is a significant decrease compared to 40 years ago when two out of three workers received time and a half working overtime.    In May the Department of Labor published its final revision of the overtime rules. The new regulations will extend overtime pay to 4 million workers currently exempted and strengthen protections for 6 million white collar and 3 million blue collar salaried workers within the first year of its implementation. This is the government's most significant step to address income inequality in recent memory.    The new overtime requirements will bring a number of important benefits to working families and to our economy as a whole. Lower wage workers tend to quickly spend any additional earnings they make. This means that if workers start receiving additional pay, they will likely spend that money stimulating their local economies, in many cases supporting small businesses in their community.    Likewise, if businesses elect to hire more workers, rather than having employees work overtime, then there could be potential job creation, furthering economic opportunity. Despite these positive outcomes, we have heard concerns as to how these regulations will impact the small business community. Increasing the salary threshold and the number of workers eligible for overtime pay could augment compliance and labor costs, putting financial strain on small business owners. This fact is particularly true for small employers located in low wage regions and in industries that operate with low profit margins.    More concerning is that small businesses have commented that the high costs of this rule could lead to hourly cutbacks to employees or even salary adjustments. Such actions runs counter to the goals of this rule and could ultimately harm employees.    Now that the rules have been finalized, we in Congress can get a better understanding of their impact. All of us want to see workers treated fairly and it has become clear that the overtime rules were due for an update. However, it is critical that we understand the new rules' impact on small businesses. This hearing is intended to accomplish that.    I thank the witnesses for being here today. And look forward to your comments. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.