    Mr. Goldenkoff. Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to be here today to discuss strengthening Federal employee engagement.    A growing body of research on both private and public sector organizations has concluded that employee engagement, which is defined as the heightened sense of purpose and commitment employees feel towards their employer and its mission, can generate such benefits as increased productivity, higher customer service, and less absenteeism. Simply put, engagement is not about happy employees. It's about effective, high-quality, and responsive government.    However, as was noted here today, government-wide levels of employee engagement have declined 4 percentage points, from 67 percent in 2011 to 63 percent in 2014, as measured by OPM's Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey and a score OPM derives from the survey called the Employee Engagement Index, or EEI.    Recognizing the connection between engagement levels and organizational performance, the administration has called on agencies to strengthen employee engagement. For example, agency leaders are to be held accountable for making employee engagement an integral part of their performance management systems.    In addition, as part of their annual performance plans and appraisals, each member of the senior executive service will be responsible for improving employee engagement within their organization and for creating inclusive work environments.    As requested, my remarks today will focus first on government-wide trends in employee engagement from 2006 through 2014;second, various practices that can strengthen engagement; and, third, certain limitations of the EEI that will be important for agency managers and leaders to consider as they use this metric to assess and improve engagement with their own organizations.    Our work indicates that improving employee engagement, especially during challenging fiscal times, is a difficult, but doable, task. The key is to understand and act on the drivers of engagement, both government-wide and agency-specific, and weave those practices into the everyday fabric of agency culture.    With respect to government-wide engagement trends, it's important to note that the majority of Federal agencies actually defied the recent government-wide downward trend in engagement levels and sustained or increased their scores. As one example, from 2013 to 2014, 3 of 47 agencies saw an increase in their engagement scores, 31 held steady, and 13 declined.    The decrease in government-wide engagement is the result of several large agencies, such as DHS and DOD, bringing down the overall average. Employee perceptions of leadership are also pulling down the government-wide average.    Of the three components that comprise the engagement index--employees' perceptions of agency leaders, their perceptions of supervisors, and employees' intrinsic work experiences--agency leadership has consistently received the lowest score and, at times, was about 20 percentage points lower than the other two components.    Our analysis of the Employee Viewpoint Survey identified six key practices that were consistent drivers of higher engagement levels, namely, having constructive performance conversations, providing opportunities for career development and training, supporting a good work-life balance, creating an inclusive work environment, employee involvement in work-related decisions, and good communication from management.    These practices were associated with higher engagement scores government-wide by agency and by selected employee characteristics and, therefore, could be starting points for agency efforts to improve engagement.    Although OPM provides a range of tools and guidance to help agencies analyze their engagement scores, the EEI data itself has limitations that agencies need to be aware of. For example, OPM does not report whether changes to an agency's engagement score is statistically significant, which could lead agencies to misinterpret their results.    Moreover, the way in which OPM calculates the engagement index does not enable agencies to analyze the drivers of engagement for their organization.    Given these and other limitations, agencies will need to supplement their engagement scores with other information such as workforce analytics and facilitated discussions with employees.    In conclusion, to improve performance, agencies must make strengthening and sustaining employee engagement an integral part of their organizational culture and not simply an isolated set of practices.    Put another way, if a talented workforce is the engine of productivity and mission accomplishment, then a workplace that fosters high levels of employee engagement is the fuel that powers that engine.    This concludes my prepared remarks. And I would be happy to answer any questions that you may have.    Mr. Goldenkoff. No. We definitely did not find a resistance. It seems like, at the top level, agencies seem to be getting it. As you've heard here today,secretaries and other heads of agencies at the senior level, they seem to be getting it.    To the extent that there are any breakdowns, it seems to be more in the implementation, either insufficient data analysis, for example, doing root cause analyses, looking for the drivers of engagement both at the enterprise level and by component level. In some cases, there are issues with communication.    So it's not the case--you know, if you look at it sort of as a maturity model, agencies are definitely recognizing the need to take action. But it's more now in terms of--and where the focus should be is on better implementation of key steps.    Mr. Goldenkoff. Well, what's so important is I think there needs to a partnership. And we've heard a lot of that today. It's really very encouraging. Clearly, Congress gets the message as well.And just being supportive of the Federal workforce, but also holding them accountable for results, is so important.    In terms of legislative fixes, most of what needs to be done really starts with agencies and agency leaderships creating that culture of engagement and then cascading that down and creating almost like micro-levels of engagement.    So it can be done. It starts at the top level, at the C-Suite, and then filters all the way down to the cubical and then just focusing on these key ingredients and these key drivers of engagement.    So in terms of a legislative fix, you know, I don't think anything stands out. I mean, there are certainly things like the shutdown, things that may not have been helpful. But at the same time----    Mr. Goldenkoff. GAO is not completely inattentive.    And one thing is important to note. And this is what we bring out in our testimony, in the written statement, but, also, in the full report that will be coming out in a couple of months.    During those difficult times, what was interesting was the number of agencies that actually improved their scores and went up. So, you know, it----    Mr. Goldenkoff. Well, there is that. But a lot of people do read that. And, of course, it's in the Washington Post, and we have hearings on it. So these things do get a lot of publicity.    I think that, you know, really what drives so much of this is, one, better agency performance. You know, we are all public servants and we really focus on agency mission.    So to the extent that better engagement and higher morale leads to better accomplishments at the agency level and then at the subcomponent, that's a big driver.    And then, also, holding individual leaders, from the executives all the way down to those front-line supervisors--everybody is responsible for improving engagement.    Mr. Goldenkoff. Yes. I mean, with DHS in particular, I mean they've merged all these agencies, merging these very, very different cultures, different missions, and it just takes time. And DHS is still working through that process.    Mr. Goldenkoff. About 3,000 in about a dozen different installations across the country.    Mr. Goldenkoff. Resignations. Offhand I don't know. I do know that it's very low, and those people that do leave, it's typically, though, for more personal reasons. It's not dissatisfaction with the agency. It's more because the spouse got a job in a different location or they just decided to change careers.    Mr. Goldenkoff. That's correct. It's not forcing them to leave. We really go to great lengths to keep our employees happy and motivated, and it is something that we also track very closely.    We also do exit interviews, and we also talk about engagement. It really is part of our culture, as a matter of fact. We try and bring in all employees, no matter what level, and make them feel really part of the team. Actually have a--she's still here--one of our--an intern who feels so motivated that helped out with this report and has come back to see the hearing.    Mr. Goldenkoff. Well, that is correct.    Mr. Goldenkoff. We made several recommendations to DHS, and they've been making progress on at least some of the recommendations.    Mr. Goldenkoff. Well, we found several commonalities. One starts with leadership. That's critical. But in terms of some specific drivers, we found things like having constructive performance conversations with your staff. That was very important. Career development and training. Having effective work and being very supportive of work/life balance programs. An inclusive work environment. Showing respect and support for diversity and inclusiveness. Employee involvement. And then communication from management.    You know, and I just would like to kind of link this to something that Ms. Maloney said a little while back is that so many of these drivers of engagement, they don't cost anything, or they cost so little. You know, it's being supportive. It's listening to your people, valuing what they have to say. It's not everything. There are--you know, there's more to be been done. But at lease it's such a very good starting point.    One of the things that, you know, I'm reminded of at GAO, when we came back to work after the shutdown, the head of our agency, Mr. Dodaro, he was out in front of the building welcoming people back. People are still talking about that to this day. So it's--sometimes it's very little things like that. It many cases it's things that we learned in kindergarten that we just sometimes forget about them in just the busyness of day-to-day operations, fighting the fires that we all have to face every day. We sometimes forget those little personal touches that can go a long way. Just saying thank you in a very--don't send it out in an email. Show up in someone's office and say, you know, you did a great job with----