    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will come to order, and good afternoon and welcome to everyone. In January 2014, ISIS terrorists captured the city of Fallujah in central Iraq a decade after it had been won at the cost of so much American, Iraqi, and British blood. ISIS moved north, taking more territory, and conducting its genocidal campaign again Christians, Yazidis, and other religious minorities. By early August, Yazidi men, women, and children were trapped on Mount Sinjar facing annihilation when the U.S. initiated airstrikes to save them.    However, beyond that, it soon became clear that the administration had no comprehensive plan to prevent ISIS from continuing to commit genocide, mass atrocities, and war crimes or to roll ISIS back.    This subcommittee, along with the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee, co-chaired by my good friend and colleague, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, convened a hearing on the genocide in December 2014 and called for the administration to act before those communities of Christians and others were annihilated.    Meanwhile, across the porous border in Syria, the Assad regime was targeting and killing tens of thousands of civilians. I renewed my call again for a Syrian war crimes tribunal to be established to hold all sides in the conflict of Syria accountable, and we had heard from such great leaders, the former chief prosecutor who will testify today, David Crane, about the importance of taking action in a tribunal that had the flexibility and the capability to really hold people to account on all sides. The world knew that ISIS was committing genocide. Civil society groups, including some present at this hearing today, mobilized, writing letters and holding meetings with the administration, making statements and reporting stories.    As a matter of fact, parenthetically, my first hearing that I held here in this room was more than 3 years ago on the genocide against Christians. Why was there such an indifference on the part of some within the administration?    However, some members of the administration were pushing hard internally for the word ``genocide'' to be publicly spoken and for action to be swiftly taken. Yet the administration still had not acknowledged it and still had no strategy to prevent it from happening. Such was the situation in December 2015 when this subcommittee convened yet another hearing. Shortly after, the Congress passed and the President signed into law the Fiscal Year 2016 appropriations bill, the omnibus bill, which required the Secretary of State to report to Congress with his evaluation on whether ISIS had perpetrated genocide.    Perhaps the most important push outside the government and off the Hill was the 280-page report commissioned by the Knights of Columbus and developed in partnership with the tireless organization In Defense of Christians meticulously documenting the genocide against Christians. That report may have made the difference with the administration, so I am personally grateful to Carl Anderson, the Supreme Knight who is here to testify again, and for the Knights, along with the other groups, including A Demand For Action, that have done so much to ensure that genocide against Christians and others could not be ignored, trivialized, or denied.    The House passed H. Con. Res. 75, authored by my good friend and colleague, Jeff Fortenberry, together with the Syrian War Crimes Tribunal Resolution that I had sponsored, H. Con. Res. 121, 3 days before the Secretary's evaluation was due. Finally, on March 17, Secretary Kerry declared that ISIS is ``responsible for genocide against groups in areas under its control, including Yazidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims.''    Although the administration made the right determination, a long time coming but they did, the question arises now, now what? I already have concerns that historical mistakes are being repeated. Leading up to Secretary of State Colin Powell's historic genocide determination in September 2004--and I was very much a part of pushing for that to happen, along with others like Frank Wolf--the State Department's legal adviser had issued a memorandum that concluded that ``a determination that genocide has occurred in Darfur would have no immediate legal--as opposed to moral, political, or policy--consequences for the United States.''    Secretary Kerry's legal advisers reportedly reached the same conclusion before he made his determination about ISIS. And so it again begs the question, now what?    For years, the administration has been unwilling to effectively address the slaughters in Syria and Iraq. If it still thinks it has no obligation to act, it will likely continue its policy of acting too little too late. I am also concerned that the administration continues to conflate its strategy to combat ISIS with a strategy to protect religious minorities from genocide, war crimes, and mass atrocities. They are not the same. Combatting and defeating ISIS and Islamist extremism, of course, is essential. However, there are many other elements of an effective comprehensive civilian protection strategy, putting effective monitoring and response systems in place, and we have yet to hear them from the administration.    Civilian protection has long been missing from the administration's response to the carnage in Syria. More than half its population, an estimated 13.5 million inside Syria, as of May 2016, plus another 4.8 million registered as refugees abroad, are in need of humanitarian assistance and protection. According to an April 2016 review of the casualty estimates of that conflict, the number of people who have died during Syria's civil war conflict since March 11, 2011, range from 250,000 to 470,000. Notwithstanding the challenges of knowing exactly how many of those people were civilians and exactly how many were killed by the Assad regime and its proxies, we know this: The dictatorship has consistently, deliberately targeted civilians, hospitals, and schools with bombs and bullets and starved entire cities.    While Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah have fueled the fires of death in Syria, the administration has mostly just watched Syria burn. Let me also point out that, in his testimony today--and it is worth really highlighting because others will make similar points--but Carl Anderson makes the point that ``we are reliably informed that official government and U.N. aid does not reach the Christian genocide survivors in Iraq or in Syria.<greek-l>'' deg. <greek-l>`` deg.Repeatedly,'' he goes on to say, ``we hear from church leaders in the region that Christians and other genocide survivors are last in line for assistance from governments. Significantly, the Archdiocese of Erbil, where most Iraqi Christians now live, receives no money from any government whatsoever. If assistance from outside church-affiliated agencies ends in Erbil, Christians there will face a catastrophic humanitarian tragedy within 30 days. The situation is similar in Syria, according to Christian leaders there.''    There is no easy single solution to the threats to religious and ethnic minorities and other civilians in Iraq and Syria. Obstacles clearly abound, including failures to implement the Iraq Constitution, especially the decentralized power and localized governance and security; longstanding unresolved disputes between Iraqi Arabs and Kurds over territory and natural resources; lack of accountability for genocide, mass atrocities, war crimes, torture, kidnappings, displacement, and more by a range of actors; the actions of an indigenously developed, internally supported national reconciliation process; conflicts over revenue sharing, corruption and radicalization.    The list is long, complex, and it must never, however, be an excuse for indifference and inaction. However, unless key issues that preceded the genocide are addressed, the genocide may be perpetuated again, and it certainly is going on right now.    Over the coming weeks, I plan to introduce a comprehensive piece of legislation aimed at contributing to the safety and security of religious and ethnic minorities and civilians more broadly in Iraq and Syria. It will also address the need for accountability for genocide, mass atrocities in those conflicts, and will also again call for a tribunal, like we saw in Sierra Leone, Rwanda, or the former Yugoslavia, and I do hope that the Senate at some point, hopefully soon, takes up our resolution that is pending before the Sentate Committee on Foreign Relations.    I would like to yield to my good friend and colleague, the ranking member, Ms. Bass.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so much.    We are joined by the famous chairman, Dana Rohrabacher, the gentleman from California.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Chairman Rohrabacher, for your very powerful statement and for your leadership on human rights. I appreciate it. We all do.    I would like to introduce our very distinguished panel beginning with Mr. Carl Anderson, who is Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus, where he is chief executive officer and chairman of the board of the world's largest Catholic family fraternal service organization, with over 1.9 million members. Mr. Anderson has had a distinguished career in public service and as an educator as well. From 1983 to 1987, he served in various positions in the Executive Office of the President of the United States, including Special Assistant to the President, and Acting Director of the White House Office of Public Liaison. Following his service in the House, he also served for nearly a decade as a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.    I will then move on to Mr. Sarhang Hamasaeed, who is a senior program officer for the Middle East and North Africa Programs at the U.S. Institute of Peace. He joined USIP in February 2011. He works on program management, organizational development, monitoring, and evaluation. He also provides political and policy analysis on Iraq to the Institute of Peace and other peacekeeping actors. As Deputy Director General of the Council of Ministers of the Kurdistan Regional Government of Iraq, he managed strategic government modernization initiatives through information technology with the goal of helping to improve governance and service delivery. He has also worked with the Research Triangle Institute International, Kurdistan Save the Children, the Los Angeles Times, and other media organizations.    We will then hear from Mr. Johnny Oram who is the executive director of the Chaldean Assyrian Business Alliance, dedicated to professional and social advancement of communities worldwide. He has been involved in the advocacy for the plight of the Iraqi and Syrian Christians who have been displaced due to the conflict. Additionally, Mr. Oram is involved in advocacy of the rights of the disabled, specifically those with autism spectrum disorder, or ASD. He has served in numerous capacities at the local, State, and Federal levels of government, worked for the Michigan legislature, Hawaii legislature, and in the U.S. Senate.    We will then hear from Ms. Naomi Kikoler, who is the Deputy Director of the Simon-Skjodt Center for the Prevention of Genocide at the United States Holocaust Museum. For 6 years, she developed and implemented the Global Centre for the Responsibility to Protect work on populations at risk and efforts to advance R2P globally and led the Center's advocacy, including targeting the U.N. Security Council. She is also an adjunct professor at the New School University and author of numerous publications previously. She worked on national security and refugee policy for Amnesty International Canada and in the office of the prosecutor of the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.    We will then hear from Mr. David Crane, who was appointed a Professor of Practice at Syracuse University College of Law in December 2006. He was the founding chief prosecutor of the Special Court for Sierra Leone, an international war crimes tribunal that put many of the worst actors in that terrible, terrible tragedy behind bars. Ultimately, Charles Taylor got 50 years of prison sentence at The Hague because of the great landmark work that Professor Crane did. Professor Crane's mandate was to prosecute those who bore the greatest responsibility committed during the civil war in Sierra Leone in the 1990s. He served for more than 30 years in the Federal Government. He has held numerous key managerial positions and has been dogged in his work to document the atrocities that are occurring in Syria and in the region.    So thank you all for being here. What you convey to us and, by extension, to the Congress, hopefully to the administration, will help provide us with a roadmap going forward. So, Mr. Anderson, please proceed.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Anderson, thank you so very much for your comments, the very tangible support you are providing to the at-risk minorities, especially Christians. And those six points, they are very, very, very well thought out.    I would like to now recognize Mr. Hamasaeed, and thank you for being here and for your testimony.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Hamasaeed, I am going to say thank you very much for your testimony, which was very extensive. I have read it, and other members, I am sure, have read it.    Without objection, your and all of the distinguished witnesses' full statements and any information you would like to attach to it will be made a part of the record. So thank you for that testimony.    Mr. Oram.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so much, Mr. Oram, for your testimony and recommendations and insights.    I would like to now recognize Ms. Naomi Kikoler, and thank you for being here.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so very much for your testimony and for reminding us of what the face of genocide is with your experience with the young woman and her two children. As you pointed out, she was forcibly converted to Islam. For almost 2 years, she was held as a sex slave. That is just numbing in how awful and horrific that reality has been, so thankfully you were there, and now you have conveyed that message to all of us. And that should be fresh impetus for all of us to do even more.    I would like to now yield to Mr. Crane, a former chief prosecutor of the Special Court for Sierra Leone.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Professor Crane, for your testimony, for your leadership. And one of the pictures that I will never forget is the picture that was all on the front pages or page 3 of most of the newspapers around the world of Charles Taylor receiving a 50-year prison sentence, eyes cast down, thinking, I am sure, that he would never be held to account for the atrocities he committed on the Liberian, Sierra Leonean, and other people of the region.    So thank you for that successful prosecution of the other men who committed such horrific acts of violence against innocent people, especially women and children, for that and for your recommendations. They are outstanding.    Just a few questions to start off. I will yield to my colleague, and then we will have perhaps a few more additional questions.    Mr. Anderson, you make a very strong point--Mr. Oram, you do it as well--that the aid that is meant to go to--or what many people think would get to Christians is not getting through and to other persecuted minorities, like the Yazidis, and the importance of backing indigenous efforts, particularly the churches, to get that aid through.    We had a hearing last--I chaired it with the Assistant Secretary Anne Richard under the auspices of the Helsinki Commission on why is it so many people went to flight and left and made their way into Europe? One is that there was gross underfunding of the international calls for subsistence.    Mr. Hamasaeed, you made the point as well that efforts continue to fall woefully short of the need for food, shelter, healthcare, education, and psychosocial support for those to deal with trauma in your testimony, and the number that we got was about 40 percent of the requests of the competent authorities, like the UNHCR, that is all they got. And this year, so far, we are at, for 2016, 23 percent funded, although we are not done, 2016. Forty percent, 42 percent, is, as you said, woefully, woefully underfunding.    One of biggest takeaways from that hearing came from the UNHCR representative, who said the reason why people left, one was the loss of hope; secondly, a cut to the World Food Programme of about 30 percent. And they said: That is it. They don't have our back. We are going to stagnate here, maybe even die. We are going to head to Europe or Germany or somewhere else where the pastures might be greener.    So the international community fatally, I think, underfunded those efforts. The U.S. led the effort. Perhaps we should have done more or mobilized more. This isn't a hearing to point fingers. It is to say: We have got to get it right. And my hope is that we will do a second hearing. Just so you know, Ms. Bass and I, we have already asked Rabbi Saperstein to come, the top point person for religious freedom. He couldn't come today, but he sends his regrets. He will make an appearance. We will also ask Anne Richard, Assistant Secretary at PRM, and others, because I do think there is a place where we need to be joined at the hip, congressional and executive branch, to make a difference in the lives of these people.    But the gross underfunding, and if you would elaborate a little bit on this 30-day window. Mr. Anderson, you talked about that if people don't get food and medicines--and any of you who would like to touch on this--they are literally at the point of starvation and, obviously, other terrible consequences from malnutrition.    Mr. Smith. Yes, Mr. Oram, and then Mr. Hamasaeed.    Mr. Smith. And you know, when I raise it with the UNHCR, as I did at that hearing and I have done ever since and before, they are very defensive, and I understand where they are coming from. It is not them. It is the people in the camp.    Mr. Smith. Those who wish them ill, ``they'' being the Christians or the Yazidis or the other minorities.    Mr. Smith. But that doesn't mean I don't have a responsibility and all of us to get the money, the food, and humanitarian assistance to those who are suffering.    Mr. Smith. Yeah.    Mr. Smith. Yeah.    Mr. Smith. Yes.    Mr. Smith. Ms. Kikoler.    Mr. Smith. If you could just elaborate, not a priority for whom? The U.S. Government? The governments in the region?    Mr. Smith. I have some additional questions, which I will hold for a few moments, but I would like to yield to my friend and colleague, Ms. Bass, the ranking member.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bass.    And thank you.    Just some final questions.    Mr. Anderson, you pointed out in your testimony that American policy should recognize the important differences in the situation of those fleeing violence and those targeted for genocide, and we should prioritize the latter, and I would add with emphasis, especially since the administration has made the designation of genocide against Christians and other minority faiths.    Consider this analogy, you point out, after World War II, there were approximately 50 million refugees. Only a small fraction were Jews, yet the world understood that Jews who have survived genocide faced a qualitatively different situation and deserved heightened consideration.    I believe strongly--and if you want to elaborate on that--that you could put exclamation points on that for the Christians, the Yazidis. Today, when they can't even get into an UNHCR or IDP camp or a refugee camp, are unwanted, at risk, and as you pointed out, a news report showed or indicated that of the 499 Syrian refugees admitted to the United States in May, not one, I repeat and say again, not one was listed as being Christian or as explicitly coming from any of the groups targeted for genocide.    To me, that has got to change. I mean, that is unconscionable. It is not like we haven't been raising this for, in my case, 3 years. In the cases of so many others, 3 years, and we have had hearing after hearing. You talk about protecting, and Ms. Kikoler, your point about civilian protection as being a core, I think, is very well placed. It has not been, and maybe you might want to elaborate on, do you sense that it is becoming a core protection, especially in light of the genocide statement?    And let me also ask about the idea of stabilization, and again, there is so much overlap, great minds think alike, and you five have provided expert testimony, and there are a number of areas where there is an overlap of concern and recommendation. I chair the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe and have been very involved for years on Bosnia, was actually in Vukovar right before it fell, before Serbia conquered it 3 or 4 weeks before it fell, and worked very hard with the Yugoslav court to hold people who committed those atrocities to account.    Well, the whole idea of stabilization, one of our members of the full committee, Scott Perry, was part of the stabilization force and can tell you, as was mentioned earlier by Professor Crane, we are still in Korea. The stabilization force, it took years, and I remember being in burnt-out homes throughout Bosnia. I was actually in Srebrenica, where the genocide against Muslims occurred, which was horrific. I was there for one of the re-interment ceremonies.    My point being, we do have to plan for that post-conflict when there is a liberated area? I am concerned we are not doing the kind of aggressive planning that is necessary. Because we had forces on the ground in Tuzla and elsewhere, we did a lot of that. It still wasn't perfect.    But get this, as of yesterday, and I had a hearing on Bosnia, there are still approximately 800 people who committed horrific crimes in Bosnia, mostly against Muslims, who the criminal court for the former Yugoslavia devolved to the local courts, and they--not one--not one--have been taken up.    So the importance of the courts can't be overstated as a means of meting out justice and giving the survivors at least some peace that their next door neighbor or the guy that is one block away wasn't someone who was putting bullets in the heads of family members or committing acts of torture.    I do meet frequently with these folks in Bosnia, and if we don't have lessons learned from all of that, shame on us. So all the more reason why a court needs to be set up.    And I really, really appreciate again, Professor, your point about the cornerstone of a possible beginning of the solution is to get Arab resolve in cooperation. The idea of having Arab states prosecuting Arabs for crimes against Arab peoples in violation of Arab laws, the idea that at least you have ownership, and I think that is a very, very important point for all. We want to lend and assist.    And, again, on capacity, as was mentioned by some of our witnesses, you, in Sierra Leone, left not only well-trained prosecutors and people who understood rule of law and how to garner evidence and present it in court, you left buildings where people could work and do the important work of justice. And I think all the more reason why we need to push that.    But if you could speak to these questions that I am raising--all of you or some of you, however you would like--I would appreciate it.    Maybe start with you, Mr. Anderson, on this. We have got the designation. Why aren't Christians being focused upon? There is no religious test here. I think the President erred when he said we don't have religious tests. When Jackson-Vanik passed and the Soviet Union and Jews were escaping the horrific psychiatric prisons of the Soviet Union, and I actually went to Perm Camp 35, where a number of political and religious prisoners were--and it was terrible--but we saved hundreds of thousands of Jews through limiting MFN to the Soviet Union based on focusing on Jewish people who were being so persecuted by the Soviet Union.    We are talking about minority faiths here. We need to redouble our efforts, as you pointed out on the Tom Cotton bill, and thank you for that. Well, maybe you want to elaborate, if you would.    Mr. Smith. Answer to any of those questions?    Mr. Smith. Thank you. If I could, and Professor Crane, if you could, in addition to those questions, in your statement, you talk about the Syracuse Syrian Accountability Project, which you have founded: Over the past 5-plus years, we have built a trial package that a domestic, regional, or international prosecutor can consider in developing a case against all parties committing atrocity in the Levant. This package includes a conflict map, a crime base matrix, and other associated documents to include sample indictments. And you pointed out how you used that very same technique in successfully prosecuting Charles Taylor and other henchmen.    Can you elaborate on that because that is absolutely vital, I think, to the future of successful prosecution? It is not like it all has to be reinvented. Don't reinvent the wheel. You have ready-made tools here.    Mr. Smith. Before we conclude, anything else that any witness would like to--yes, Ms. Kikoler.    Mr. Smith. Could I ask you, on that parallel, if you would, would a safe haven, is that more of a surface appeal but strewn with a number of challenges that may make it unachievable, or is it something that ought to be, in your opinion, promoted?    Mr. Smith. Yes.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Mr. Oram.    Mr. Smith. I want to thank each and every one of you for your time, your leadership, for taking the time to present very, very incisive testimonies to the committee, and we will share this with a large number of people, so thank you, and I look forward to working with you going forward.    The hearing is adjourned.