    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate that and Mr. Norquist, you know. As an old Baptist pastor, I am used to people getting up and walking out whenever they feel like it. So, you know, if you need to, God bless you. Have a great day. You know?    I want echo what my friend from California just said a few minutes ago. How many times are we going keep doing this? You all look great. God bless you. It is good to see you again. We have had these discussions over and over. I am one and I appreciate the Chairman bringing this up because it is now time to mark up, move on, and get something to a new topic. Okay?    But I think at the end of this thing I support the bills that are being discussed today. But I really do want to talk about, for just a moment, one, again I had this conversation at this hearing last Congress about the just, what I believe is just ludicrous 50 W-2s that we can't simplify. This is that and we got into a long conversation and I am not going down that hole again. I just want to say that.    But I appreciate you being here but I do want to talk about one that is not on our list today, and hopefully it will be pretty soon. And that is H.R. 235, the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act. It is not before the Committee today and I can't talk about states regulatory and tax authority without first mentioning that bill and encouraging the Subcommittee and the Committee as a whole to quick action on it.    I am a strong supporter and a proud cosponsor of the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act introduced by Chairman Goodlatte. The Internet Tax Freedom Act has been extended multiple times and passed the House by voice vote only last Congress. Again, that is what we do a lot of times. Let us kick it down--it is almost like we got to find a can to kick. So let us just find this can and we will kick it again next year.    It will expire on October first of this year. Simply put, we can't let this happen. This would actually permanently prohibit Federal, state, and local governments from imposing taxes on Internet access. I don't think anyone would argue about the enormous impact of the Internet and the access to information and the opportunity that it provides. We need to keep it affordable so that Americans of all backgrounds can access the Internet rather than adding to the already huge burden faced by taxpayers.    It is critical that we make permanent the Internet Tax Freedom Act once and for all to protect consumers and maintain growth and grow access to the Internet to prevent multiple discriminatory taxation, to encourage innovation, and to promote job creation and economic growth.    And before I yield back, I want to say something that was said, and I think Mr. Norquist, I think you said it. I think it has been actually possibly previously implied by several others. Until we get to a position in the Federal Government--I am from the state government level. I worked for 6 years in Georgia on the issues of taxes, the issues of spending.    I am asked all the time by folks: Why can't you just, you know, do a budget. And I think it goes back to the inherent problem that we have. Government does it sort of the backwards way of most businesses. Most businesses will look at a business plan and they say, ``Okay, this is what it is going to cost me if I open this business. It is going to cost me X dollars to break even and then to make a profit.''    Government starts the opposite way around. They say, ``Let us tax and figure out how to spend it.'' And until we get that problem right, states are going to be looking for money, local municipalities are going to be looking for money. We have had a lot of discussion about a bill that is not on the agenda today, marketplace fairness. But I think we have got to get back to--that is what the people of the ninth district expect, and if we need to have an adjustment and we need to talk about the whole aspect of budget, let us do so. But let us remember at the end of the day what is government's purpose, why are we here, and then we can see how the funding fits the purpose instead of our growing purpose in finding a funded for it.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.