    Dr. Fleming. The Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans will come to order.    The Water, Power and Oceans Subcommittee meets today to hear testimony on an oversight hearing entitled Changing Demands and Water Supply Uncertainty in California. We will start with opening statements, beginning with myself.    Dr. Fleming. Today's hearing is about fostering government accountability and restoring balance to a region devastated by natural and man-made drought. Achieving these objectives will help give the Federal Government the metrics to improve our environment, while allowing California's farmers to provide food and fiber to our Nation and the world.    This subcommittee is all too familiar with the historic drought that has impacted California. While there are various estimates of job losses, no one can disagree that number is in the thousands. With California providing the vast majority of fruits, nuts, and vegetables to grocery stores and tables nationwide, the drought has impacted all of us. With this year's El Nino, things were finally looking better for California. Many reservoirs are at historic capacity and farmers can use their water allocations as collateral for financing their planting season.    There are continued disappointments, however, as evidenced by the chart on the TV screen, which compares outflows to the ocean from this year to the last. It basically says that 350 percent more water flowed through the Delta so far this year, but that water users in Southern California were only allowed to capture 50 percent more than last year. As a result, they only have 5 percent of their water allocation.    Despite some general improvements, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service have done their best to, as one of our water witnesses will say, ``pull the rug out from under our feet'' with proposed Federal regulations. These additional bites at the apple contradict what another arm of the Federal Government, the Bureau of Reclamation, has provided in the form of water allocations. This proves two things: what one Federal agency gives, another can take away; and Federal agencies are not communicating with each other, a recurring theme under this and prior administrations.    What makes matters worse is that many are charging that the proposed fish flows were not based on scientific justification or peer review. Once again, the so-called most transparent administration in history is anything but. I am not aware of anyone who wants to see a species go extinct, but Federal actions need to be justified and have tangible goals. As we will hear later, the proposed flows for these 3-inch Delta smelt lack any controls or metrics to measure the results of the action and lack any impact analysis on water users, refuges, and other fish and wildlife needs.    To add insult to injury, these proposed Delta smelt flows are to the detriment of the salmon flows. Of course, fish need water, but real science, not political science in this case, should dictate how much water a species needs.    These agencies also need to be communicating with communities who depend on water from the same system. Instead, the proposals took most of the communities by surprise and continue to put a cloud over water supplies in parts of California.    While the focus of today is on California, this is a case study of Federal unaccountability and confusion that could be imposed anywhere else in the Nation. This hearing is part of an effort to provide a blueprint for Federal transparency in order to avoid further man-made issues. The Federal Government can clearly do better, although the bar is pretty low in this case.    We have before us experts who understand these matters firsthand. I thank them for traveling here. I also want to thank our colleague, Mr. LaMalfa, for asking for this hearing.    I now recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Huffman, for his statement.    Dr. Fleming. The gentleman yields.    Dr. Gosar is now recognized.    Dr. Fleming. I thank the gentleman.    We are now ready to hear from our panel of witnesses. I will remind our panel that you will have 5 minutes to give your testimony, but whatever the length of your written testimony, it will be accepted as a permanent record.    First we have Mr. Jeffrey Sutton, General Manager of the Tehama-Colusa Canal Authority, from Willows, California.    Mr. David Murillo, Director of the Mid-Pacific Region of the Bureau of Reclamation in Sacramento, California. Mr. Murillo is accompanied by two individuals, Dr. Ren Lohoefener, Director of the Pacific Southwest Region of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in Sacramento, and Mr. Barry Thom, Deputy Regional Administrator of the National Marine Fisheries Service in Portland, Oregon.    Then we have Mr. Bob Borck, a boat skipper based out of Eureka, California.    And finally, Mr. Ara Azhderian, Water Policy Administrator of the San Luis & Delta-Mendota Water Authority, which is based in Los Banos, California.    I now recognize Mr. LaMalfa to introduce the first witness.    STATEMENT OF THE HON. DOUG LaMALFA, A REPRESENTATIVE IN     Dr. Fleming. OK. Mr. Sutton, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Sutton.    Mr. Murillo, you are recognized.    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Murillo.    I now recognize the Ranking Member for an introduction.    Dr. Fleming. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Azhderian for 5 minutes.    Dr. Fleming. OK. Thank you.    Thank you for your testimonies. We will now go to questioning. I yield myself 5 minutes for questioning.    This question is to Mr. Sutton and Mr. Azhderian. The state of Louisiana depends on healthy fisheries for part of its economy. As Mr. Borck testified, there are parts of California that depend on adequate seafood harvest as well, but both of you questioned whether increased flows actually lead to more fish, particularly with the Fish and Wildlife Service's latest flow proposal on the Delta smelt. I have a lengthy report from Dr. Scott Hamilton that studies the proposed smelt flows, and it concludes that ``they do not demonstrate that increasing outflows is a viable method of increasing the abundance of adult Delta smelt.''    What I have heard from you is that billions of gallons have been diverted from farms and communities and billions of taxpayer and rate payer dollars have been spent, but that fish levels keep on declining. All of this begs the question of whether the Federal Government's plans are actually working and whether they should be repeated in light of that failure.    So here is the question: What metrics are in place to determine whether more water equals more fish? Mr. Sutton, Mr. Azhderian.    Dr. Fleming. Mr. Sutton, I hate to interrupt you, but I have more questions.    Dr. Fleming. And the question is metrics, and from what I am taking from your response----    Dr. Fleming. You don't have any.    Dr. Fleming. OK.    Dr. Fleming. Mr. Azhderian?    Dr. Fleming. So, again----    Dr. Fleming. So, you are not even able to impute in any way that, but just anecdotally, that there is an increase in fish as a result of more water. I mean, I am a physician and a businessman. Everything we do, we measure for effectiveness. So it does not make sense to me to be spending literally billions of dollars and not even checking to see if there are any good results of that.    Now, Mr. Borck primarily blames the infrastructure as the problem. What is your response to that and what is your alternative to helping the fish?    Dr. Fleming. I am running out of time, but it sounds like, to sum it up, we keep doing the same old things, getting the same poor results, but somehow expecting some better results. And it sounds like to me it is time to look at other things.    I now yield to the Ranking Member.    Dr. Fleming. OK. Mr. McClintock is recognized.    Dr. Fleming. The gentleman yields.    Mr. Costa.    Dr. Fleming. Mr. Costa----    Dr. Fleming. I apologize.    Dr. Fleming. Mr. LaMalfa.    Dr. Fleming. Without objection, so ordered.    Dr. Fleming. Mrs. Lummis.    Dr. Fleming. The gentlelady yields.    Mr. Denham.    Dr. Fleming. The gentleman yields.    Mr. Newhouse.    Dr. Fleming. OK. We thank the witnesses for your valuable testimony today. Members of the subcommittee may have additional questions for witnesses. We ask you to respond to these in writing. The hearing record will be open for 10 days to receive these responses.    Again, I would like to thank our staff. The preparation for a hearing like this can take many hours, 40 or more hours, and it is a lot of work. So, we appreciate our staff and all the great work they do. I will certainly cite Kiel, in particular, as being a real leader in all of this. We thank Kiel for that.    So, if there is no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.