    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman, I'd like to ask unanimous consent some documents be placed in the record at this time. I'd like to ask unanimous consent that Patent Number 0240732, patent----    Mr. Issa. Thank you. Additionally, <greek-l>B2 deg.27353, another patent; additionally, a <greek-l>B3 deg.copy of the USA Today entitled, ``Ex-NSA Chief Backs Apple On iPhone;'' additionally, from <greek-l>B4 deg.Science and Technology, an article that says, ``Department of Homeland Security awards $2.2 million to Malibu, California, company for mobile security research and, in other words, an encryption-proof, unbreakable phone;'' additionally and lastly, the <greek-l>B5 deg.article in Politico today on the New York judge's ruling in favor of Apple.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Am I recognized?    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Justice Scalia said, it's best--said best what I'm going to quote almost 30 years ago in Arizona v. Hicks in which he said, ``There is nothing new in the realization that the Constitution sometimes insulates the criminality of a few in order to protect the privacy of all of us.''    I think that stands as a viewpoint that I have to balance when asking you questions. As I understand the case, and there's a lot of very brilliant lawyers and experienced people that know about All Writs Act, but what I understand is that you, in the case of Apple in California, are demanding, through a court order, that Apple invent something, fair to say, that they have to create something.    And if that's true, then my first question to you is the FBI is the premier law enforcement organization with laboratories that are second to none in the world. Are you testifying today that you and/or contractors that you employ could not achieve this without demanding an unwilling partner do it?    Mr. Issa. And you do so because you have researched this extensively?    Mr. Issa. Did you receive the source code from Apple? Did you demand the source code?    Mr. Issa. Okay. So you couldn't actually hand a software person the source code and say, can you modify this to do what we want, if you didn't have the source code. So who did you go to, if you can tell us, that you consider an expert on writing source code changes that you want Apple to do for you? You want them to invent it, but who did you go to?    Mr. Issa. Well, you know, I'm going to assume that the burden of Apple is X, but before you get to the burden of Apple doing something it doesn't want to do, because it's not in its economic best interests, and they've said that they have real ethical beliefs that you're asking them to do something wrong, sort of their moral fiber, but you are asking them to do something, and there's a burden, no question at all, there's a burden, they have to invent it. And I'm asking you, have you fully viewed the burden to the government? We have--we spend $4.2 trillion every year. You have a multi-billion dollar budget. Is the burden so high on you that you could not defeat this product, either through getting the source code and changing it or some other means? Are you testifying to that?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Well, let's go through the 5C running IOS 9. Does the 5C have a nonvolatile memory in which all of the encrypted data and the selection switches for the phone settings are all located in that encrypted data?    Mr. Issa. Well, it does.    Mr. Issa. And take my word for it for now. So that means that you can, in fact, remove from the phone all of its memory, all of its nonvolatile memory, its disk drive, if you will, and set it over here and have a true copy of it that you could conduct infinite number of attacks on. Let's assume that you can make an infinite number of copies once you make one copy, right?    Mr. Issa. Well, let's go through what you asked. And I'm doing this, because I came out of the security business, and this befuddles me that you haven't looked at the source code, and you don't really understand the disk drive, at least to answer my rather, you know, dumb questions, if you will.    If there's only a memory, and that memory, that nonvolatile memory sits here and there's a chip, and the chip does have an encryption code that was burned into it, and you can make 10,000 copies of this chip, this nonvolatile memory hard drive, then you can perform as many attacks as you want on it.    Now, you've asked specifically Apple to defeat the finger code so you can attack it automatically, so you don't have to punch in codes. You've asked them to eliminate the ten and destroy, but you haven't, as far as I know, asked them, okay, if we make 1,000 copies, or 2,000 copies of this, and we put it with the chip, and we run five tries, 00 through 04, and then throw that image away and put another one in and do that 2,000 times, won't we have tried, with a nonchanging chip and an encryption code that is duplicated 2,000 times, won't we have tried all 10,000 possible combinations in a matter of hours?    If you haven't asked that question, the question is, how can you come before this Committee and before a Federal judge, and demand that somebody else invent something, if you can't answer the questions that your people have tried this?    Mr. Issa. No. I only asked if your people had done these things. I didn't ask you if that would work. I don't know if that work. I asked you, who did you go to, did you get the source code? Have you asked these questions, because you're expecting somebody to obey an order to do something they don't want to do, and you haven't even figured out whether you could do it yourself. You just told us, well, we can't do it, but you didn't ask for the source code, and you didn't ask the questions I asked here today, and I'm just a--I'm just a guy that----    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman, would you entertain a unanimous consent while we're changing panels?    Mr. Issa. Then I would ask unanimous consent that a letter I received late yesterday from a constituent in the technology business concerning this case be placed in the record. This is Emily Hirsch.    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I'll pick up where you left off on forced labor. Do you know of any place in our history in which, except in time of war, when things are commandeered and people are told to do that, or when police are in hot pursuit, do you know a time in which people were forced to apply their inventive genius against their will?    Mr. Issa. Sure. And I certainly understand a different time and a different set of circumstances.    Now, I want to do two things: So Ms. Landau, I'm going to come to you first. Your expertise is encryption. You were probably very young, but you remember 20 years ago the argument. Wasn't it the FBI and then the late Mike Oxley and others that were championing that if we allowed more than 256-bit encryption, then the FBI couldn't easily decode it, and that would be the ruin of their investigations?    Mr. Issa. Okay. I'm going to ask a quick question, and it's old technology, because I'm very good with analog world. But this happens to be a January 29, 2015, patent that's already in the record, and it's a patent on basically self-destructing the contents inside if someone tries to forcibly open it.    Now, the funny thing is, I was looking for the old patents going back decades and decades, because the military and others have used these. They've had acids and even more punitive, if you will, responses inside when we wanted to secure it. It's not a new technology, but there's a new twist on it.    Aren't we, in a sense, the equivalent of saying, well, you can make something that destroys the documents but then you have to tell us how to defeat it?    Mr. Issa. Okay. And I'm looking and saying, there's no history in that, but we've had plain safes for a very, very long time. This isn't new. Do you know of any shredder company that has been told that they have to show you how to reassemble what they've shredded?    Mr. Issa. Mr. Vance, have you ever ordered a shredding company to put the paper back together, use their inventive genius----    Mr. Issa. So you're asking, in this case, for somebody to create a product for your service. And I want to focus on that and I'll get to you, I promise.    But Mr. Sewell, I'm going to look at you as the representative of the one of the great technology companies in our country. Apple gets its great technology people, I assume, from Stanford and MIT and other great universities, right?    Mr. Issa. And you don't get all the graduates, right?    Mr. Issa. So when I was talking to the Director, and saying, well, if you take--and it's a hypothetical. My level of knowledge is way less than any of your folks, and probably any of the FBI's. But if you take this hard drive, solid-state hard drive, you pull it apart--and he even used the word ``mirroring.'' Obviously, he had some discussion at some point--and you make as many images as you want, then you have a true original; but even if the self-destruct occurs, that original, you throw it away you take another one.    So that part of what he's asking you to do, they can do themselves by pulling the chip out and having it imaged, if you will, in all likelihood. We're not saying for sure. But he hadn't checked it. So that's a possibility. Is that right?    Mr. Issa. Sure. And of course, we're not really talking about one phone. We know that. We're talking about thousands of phones.    And as I understand the technology used in your chip is you have burnable traces in your chip. So randomly, or in some way, when you're producing each chip, you burn traces which create the encryption algorithm, and it's internal. So the chip has its algorithm separate from the software.    But that chip, when interfacing with an image, if you keep giving it new images, that's the part that changes. So isn't it at least conceivable that as to that phone, and perhaps the 175 in New York and others, that the FBI, or the NSA could, in fact, come up with an elegant brute force attack that would work on your phones and also would work on hundreds of other types of phones around the world; and that that technology with, if you will, those brilliant young minds from Stanford, MIT, and Kent State, my alma mater, you know, could, in fact, produce something that would not be available to the public; they would have control over, and they would be able to make it more universal than just trying to go through your source code, which, I understand--is it correct--they've never asked for. Is that right?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Mr. Chairman, if anyone else wants to opine on it, I would appreciate they be able to.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Mr. Poe.