    Mr. Henderson. Thank you. We continue to hear about reducing our dependence on foreign oil, but we cannot import clean air, water, food, and soil. The BP disaster of 2010 and decades of oil extraction has led to severe environmental, social, and political impacts.    To remind this committee of just a few, hundreds of millions of gallons of oil have leaked into the Gulf; the destruction of sensitive fish habitat like coral reefs; countless dead marine mammals and sea turtles; contaminated beaches and wildlife refuges; deployment of harmful dispersants; discharging of fracking chemicals; 27,000 abandoned, unmonitored, and possibly leaking wells; the devastation of communities and loss of cultures; shrimp with no eyes, fish with lesions and tumors; destroyed family businesses and devastated families; suicides; sick, dead, and dying cleanup workers; and a distrust of our government. In addition, regulatory capture and the hijacking of our democracy, not to mention that roughly 600 square miles of Louisiana's wetlands have been destroyed by the oil and gas industry, which is very much a threat to the existence of my hometown of New Orleans, and the very building that we sit in today.    In the fall of 2010, I filed my first official pollution incident report with the National Response Center (NRC) for an oil slick leaking out of a wellhead in a bay known for very productive and economically important oyster beds. To date, I have filed approximately 100 NRC reports for leaks, including offshore and onshore platforms, pipelines, wellheads, and tank batteries--most recently, on August 17, 2015, for a suspected ruptured gas pipeline in Lafourche Parish, and that same day a roughly 15-mile-long rainbow sheen well offshore.    There are very few people who do this kind of proactive monitoring work in this region, but the need is great. My reports to the NRC have led to numerous successful investigations by the U.S. Coast Guard, which in turn has led to mutual respect and trust between myself and the leaders of various sectors and their incident management personnel.    Since July of 2010, the NRC has recorded approximately 10,000 spills of crude oil, petrochemicals, and other contaminants into Gulf of Mexico waters.    The BP disaster highlighted the flawed process by which oil discharges are reported and cleaned up, and for which companies are held accountable. It revealed how the official channels of reporting and cleaning up oil pollution rely on the polluters themselves. Little information is made available to the public, and the information that is presented could be considered untrustworthy. These massive reporting gaps make it impossible to determine how much oil pollution is actually being released into the Gulf.    One particularly egregious example of underreporting involves the Taylor Energy leak. For over 10 years this chronic oil leak has been spewing oil into the Gulf waters every day, with no end in sight. The discharge began in 2004 when an undersea landslide caused by Hurricane Ivan damaged a Taylor platform and 28 wells. Our work monitoring the Taylor leak and a recent AP investigation published in April shed light on the underreported flow amount and led to revision of the estimates.    In the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Isaac in 2012, I, along with my partners at the Gulf Monitoring Consortium, took several monitoring trips and documented leaks. Our findings, from a review of NRC reports, indicated that there were 130 accidents resulting from the storm that were reported to the     Based on my experience in the Gulf region and my participation in the New Orleans area contingency plan meetings and exercises, I am greatly concerned that government and industry are not adequately prepared for a worst-case scenario. An ongoing blowout in the Gulf of Mexico hit by a Category 5 hurricane would cause the response to be put on hold, and we could very likely be hit by another hurricane shortly thereafter. This would be an environmentally chaotic situation that is not being planned for and that threatens our homeland security.    This committee should introduce and pass a Gulf of Mexico Regional Citizens' Advisory Council. Attached to my testimony is a draft bill that was attempted to be introduced in 2014. A Gulf of Mexico Regional Citizens' Advisory Council will enhance engagement, communication, collaboration, and trust among the Gulf oil industry, Federal and state governments, and citizen stakeholders potentially impacted by Gulf oil operations.    Five years after the BP disaster, attempts are being made to open up the Eastern Gulf of Mexico and the Mid-Atlantic. This should not happen. At the same time these attempts are being made, investigations by New Orleans-based WLTV have raised serious concerns that the new post-BP safety standards may not be taken seriously enough at existing Gulf operations.    The bottom line is that Congress needs to act. Congress needs to pass a Regional Citizens' Advisory Council. It can raise the liability limit for offshore drilling, and it needs to make the Federal Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund available for Federal agencies when incidents occur.    Congress must start taking our oil, air, and water seriously. It is our homeland security. Thank you.    Mr. Henderson. Sometimes by plane, sometimes by boat, and sometimes by foot.    Mr. Henderson. No, absolutely not.    Mr. Henderson. That is not my fault, though.    The Chairman. Mr. Westerman.    Mr. Henderson. No, sir, it is not.    Mr. Henderson. I am not naive enough to dismiss the importance that oil and gas exploration has meant for the United States.    Mr. Henderson. My grandfather protected oil in World War II. I understand the importance of it.    Mr. Henderson. Absolutely not.    Mr. Henderson. Mr. Rice, if I may clarify my response to your question, if I were in your position----    Mr. Henderson. Yes, very short. I would absolutely not support deepwater drilling off the coast of South Carolina.    Mr. Henderson. One last comment, if I may.    Mr. Henderson. All it takes is one disaster to destroy the beaches in Myrtle Beach.    The Chairman. Let me ask a couple of questions.    Ms. Davis, if I can zero in on you--apologies for that, but there has been a general consensus from public comments we have had that a Well Control Rule could lead to another shutdown of the kind in the Gulf if it was enacted as it is currently written.    You kept your business afloat during the last shutdown. What would be the business impact if there was another shutdown so close on the heels of the last one?    Mr. Henderson. All three.