    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is my fourth or fifth hearing or briefing or roundtable on this issue in addition to the excellent briefing and background work that my staff has done, and I feel like I am just beginning to scratch the surface of an issue that is far more complex than it appeared at the outset.    And, for example, Ms. Goldberg, I have really been looking at the numbers and those things that we can measure, but you brought up a really important point: there is a social dynamic to this, there is a quality-of-life aspect that is perhaps immeasurable. You talked about military families having a secure, consistent place where they can meet and be with each other and share something that is unique to service, and I think that is important and something that needs to factor into our decisions and calculations.    But I would like, with the 4 minutes that remain, for each of you to take a minute--I am probably never going to achieve the depth that you have on this subject. Mr. Gordy, you mentioned that as we move forward, we should look at this as a game of inches. Mr. Nixon, you talked about ensuring that we measure this appropriately as we pilot things. Ms. Huck, you talked about apples to oranges. Can you just take a minute and tell me and the committee what we should be measuring going forward? What are the key measures or metrics, understanding we won't get all the quality-of-life aspects, that will tell us whether the changes that are coming forward are working or not?    And, Mr. Gordy, it looks like you are ready. We will start with you.    Mr. O'Rourke. Let me ask Mr. Nixon, is--the Walmart golden rule of don't aggravate the customer seems to be very important. Would that be the primary metric, customer satisfaction, in the commissaries?    Mr. O'Rourke. And for Ms. Huck and Ms. Goldberg, I have about a minute left, does customer satisfaction get to some of the issues you raised, Ms. Goldberg, that might reflect military families' understanding of the value of those commissaries, if we are measuring that?    And, Ms. Huck, if there is time remaining, what are the apples-to-apples comparison we want to look at?    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you. Thank you for your answers.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.