    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, here we are again. As usual, I have to spend some of my time--I wish Mr. Connolly were still here so, as a student of history, I could remind him of something because I am sure he knows it, but I am always amazed by what I hear here. One of the first things that amazed me was that George Bush is responsible, and he is responsible because we didn't go to war with Iran from the same people that complain daily bitterly that we went to a war with Iraq and Afghanistan.    And then I hear that a veto override by a Republican Congress is tantamount to a declaration of war with Iran. So I guess we can be prepared for that narrative.    And, finally, I would like to remind Mr. Connolly that it was the Clinton administration, as I remember, in May 1998 that waived the sanctions, the Iran-Libya Sanctions Act, which resulted in an increase in Iran's terrorism, nuclear proliferation, and European investment in Iran. So I will have to remind him of that on the floor.    I do have a couple questions. If you can tell me, gentlemen, what are the consequences for regional stability if the administration were to cave to the Iranian demands to lift the U.N. arms embargo?    Go ahead, Mr. Doran.    Mr. Perry. I personally cannot separate the two. I can, I guess, from a negotiation standpoint. But as a tenet of the negotiations themselves, I don't understand the nation that separates those issues.    Let me ask another question, what has the President and the administration been doing to maintain or strengthen the current sanctions regime regarding our international actors during this period of time? Because we understand that it is eroding away. That is yet another reason why we must accept this deal. What have they been doing to make sure that we have got that right there just in case?    Mr. Perry. You got to say that in regular English. So they are not doing much to----    Mr. Perry. Yeah.    Mr. Perry. Right. Okay. So, listen, I don't know the tenets of this deal. Rumor has it, it is imminent. That is the rumor around that town right now. I will tell you that I am personally disgusted with the platitudes, the moral relativism, the explaining away by people around here in this room, some of them, this, in my opinion, administration misunderstands, underestimates, and is being duped by the nonrational actor that is Iran that is a known liar, is a brutal regime, and will continue to be that.    To me, I liken this to giving a crocodile or a shark more teeth and somehow expecting it to do something different than it already does. I think it is just going to do more. I don't see any reason why it wouldn't. And going back further into history with the moral relativism, the platitudes, and the explaining away, I am sure you gentlemen can appreciate this, the United States did the same thing with the Soviet Union in World War II, who had a pact with Hitler before they were at war with each other, to do exactly what they did, which was divide up and conquer Europe. And while Hitler killed 6 million people, the Soviet Communists and their expansion, not only in Europe but into China and Vietnam and places all over the globe, are responsible for the deaths of 100 million people. And nobody says a thing about that. And that is exactly what we are getting into right now by explaining this away in this person's opinion.    I thank you for your time, gentlemen. I yield back.