    Chairman Walberg. A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order. Good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by welcoming our witnesses. Thank you for joining us to discuss an issue important to everyone in this room, protecting the health and safety of American workers.    We are here today because we all agree that hard-working men and women should be able to earn a paycheck without risking a serious injury or being exposed to a deadly disease. Every family deserves the peace of mind that their loved ones are safe on the job. We also agree that Federal policies play a role in meeting that shared goal.    This hearing is timely because next week marks 45 years that the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has helped keep American workers safe. As part of this Committee's oversight efforts, we were pleased to have Assistant Secretary Michaels join us last October to discuss what more can be done to promote safe and healthy working conditions.    The question before the Committee then and today is whether the workplace rules and regulations coming out of Washington serve the best interests of employees and their employers. Are they practical? Are they responsible? Are they fair? Are they created with transparency and enforced effectively?    These are important questions because the strongest health and safety rules will do little to protect America's workers if the rules are not followed and enforced, or if they are too confusing and complex to even implement in the first place.    I hope we have a thoughtful discussion today that addresses these points, particularly as they relate to OSHA's new silica standard.    In March, OSHA issued a final rule that significantly reduces the permissible exposure limit to crystalline silica. Silica is the second most common element found in the Earth's crust and a key component of manufactured products and construction materials. Exposure to high concentrations of silica dust can lead to a dangerous debilitating and even life-threatening disease. We have witnessed important progress in recent years, but we know there is more that can be done to keep workers out of harm's way.    That is why this Committee has pressed OSHA to use the tools at its disposal to enforce existing standards. Unfortunately, the agency has failed to do so. OSHA itself admits that 30 percent of tested job sites have not complied with the existing exposure limit for silica. The existing exposure limit for silica. Did I mention it was the existing exposure limit for silica?    This is an alarmingly high figure. Instead of enforcing the rules already on the books, the department spent significant time and resources crafting an entirely new regulatory regime. The department's first priority should have been enforcing existing standards, and some potentially in the room today may question whether these rules were followed and if indeed, as a result of not being enforced across the board, they experienced the results of silicosis.    If OSHA is unable or unwilling to enforce the current limit for silica exposure, why should we expect the results under these new standards to be any different?    Related to enforcement, some have raised concerns about whether the new standards can be responsibly enforced. It has been suggested that silica cannot be accurately measured at the reduced limit prescribed in the new law or new rule because many labs do not have the technology necessary to provide reliable results.    Will employers acting in good faith and trying to do the right thing be held accountable for an enforcement regime that is not feasible or practical?    These are important questions about enforcement, but there are also serious questions concerning implementation. Can these new rules be effectively implemented on the ground and under the time frame prescribed by OSHA? Employers may lack the time and resources necessary to adjust their workplaces to the requirements of the new rule. Others may find new controls simply unworkable. This is especially true for small businesses.    According to the National Federation of Independent Business, this rule will cost workplaces more than $7 billion each year. These costs will be borne by consumers and taxpayers, and may I suggest employees with a loss of jobs or loss of security in their jobs. They will be borne by all of these people in the form of higher prices for homes, bridges, roads, et cetera. These costs will be borne by workers in the form of fewer jobs. These are significant consequences for a rule that may do little to enhance worker health and safety, which is our key priority.    Hundreds of thousands of workplaces nationwide will be impacted by these new rules. We owe it to our Nation's job creators to provide the clarity and certainty they need to expand, hire, and succeed.    Just as importantly, we owe it to workers and their families to promote smart, responsible regulatory policies that are implemented and enforced in a way that serves their best interests. The workers with us today, and those working on countless job sites across the country deserve more than our good intentions and political rhetoric at times. They deserve good policies that lead to good results.    I know that we can work together to protect their health and well-being. It has happened here. It has happened here before and it can happen now, the well-being of hard-working men and women of this country.    I look forward to today's discussion, and will now yield to Ranking Member Wilson for her opening remarks.    Chairman Walberg. Hearing no objection, they will be included.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady. Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all subcommittee members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. Without objection, the hearing will remain open for 14 days to allow statements, questions for the record, and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted in the official hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce today's witnesses. Mr. Ed Brady is president of Brady Homes of Illinois in Bloomington, Illinois. Mr. Brady serves as NAHB's 2016 chairman of the board.    Brady Homes is a family-owned, second-generation building and development company founded by his father, William Brady. Mr. Brady will also testify on behalf of the National Association of Home Builders. Welcome.    Janis Herschkowitz is president and CEO of PRL Inc., a family-owned, second-generation company located in Lebanon, Pennsylvania. She is also president of Regal Cast, an operating company under PRL Inc., that manufactures high-quality specification metal castings, fabrications, and metal casting machine components to the defense, nuclear, and energy industries. Ms. Herschkowitz will also testify on behalf of the American Foundry Society. Welcome.    Dr. Jim Melius is the director of research for the Laborers' Health and Safety Fund of North America. Dr. Melius is an occupational physician and epidemiologist. He spent several years directing occupational and environmental health programs for the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, and for the New York State Department of Health. Welcome.    Finally, Henry Chajet, a shareholder in the Washington, D.C., regional office of Jackson Lewis, P.C., will testify on behalf of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Chajet is well-versed in environmental safety and health law involving Federal entities such as OSHA, MSHA, and EPA. Welcome.    I will now ask our witnesses to stand and raise your right hands.    Chairman Walberg. You may be seated. Let the record reflect the witnesses answered in the affirmative, and we appreciate that.    Before I recognize you for your testimony, let me briefly explain our lighting system, very simple, like the traffic lights on the roadway. You have five minutes to testify. Keep it as close that as humanly possible. If it comes to the end of the time and you have a finishing sentence or paragraph, go ahead and do that. You will each have five minutes to present. When you see the yellow light go on, that means you have a minute left in your testimony time. The red light, you know what that means.    After you testify, the members will have five minutes each to ask questions as well. We will attempt to keep that as well to five-minute questioning so we can get through as much as possible this morning in the hearing time.    So, now it is time to recognize the witnesses for their five minutes of testimony. Mr. Brady, I recognize you now for five minutes.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Brady. I recognize Ms. Herschkowitz for your five minutes of testimony.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you, Ms. Herschkowitz. Dr. Melius, your 5 minutes are recognized right now.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you, Doctor, and thank you for bringing my thoughts back to Pure Michigan. Now, for your five minutes of testimony, we recognize Mr. Chajet.    Chairman Walberg. Turn your microphone on there, if you would, please.    Chairman Walberg. Thank you. Thank you to each of the panel for the time and attention you gave to present your perspectives, valuable for us to hear as well as to see evidence of ways we have achieved success, as well as ways that we can achieve further success.    Having said that, let me recognize for the opening five minutes of questioning for our panel, Mr. Rokita. You are up on deck right now.    Chairman Walberg. Hearing no objection, the document will be included.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. I recognize the ranking member, Ms. Wilson, for her five minutes of questioning.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady. I recognize now the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Bishop, for your five minutes of questioning.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. I recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, a northern State as well, Mr. Pocan.    Chairman Walberg. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Walberg. I will now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Scott, for his questioning.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. Now, I recognize the gentlelady from the beautiful State of North Carolina, Ms. Adams.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady. I recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. DeSaulnier.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize myself for my five minutes of questioning.    Ms. Herschkowitz, it is not up to you really how much it will cost for a safe submarine component, is it? Who is it up to decide how much it will cost? Would you not say it is the Federal Government and the contracting process and Electric Boat, and ultimately, you have to find a way to produce that product if they say so, and if you cannot, someone else will have to produce it, correct?    Chairman Walberg. I think that is a crucial point we need to make here.    Chairman Walberg. And I would expect that. Those people who work for you provide the opportunity to get a contract with Electric Boat.    Chairman Walberg. It is not easy to get.    Chairman Walberg. They ultimately decide what a cost will be for safe. They expect that component to work.    Chairman Walberg. OSHA suggests that the company, talking about the brick industry as was pointed out, can pay the necessary engineering alterations out of the first year's profits. Could your company pay for the necessary compliance activity out of the first year's profits as OSHA has suggested in its preamble?    Chairman Walberg. In that case, the castings that cannot be purchased now for your components, your products, your production, if this goes through, the castings cannot be produced in this country, again, since you will be there, correct?    Chairman Walberg. Conceivably. It goes back to that creative tension between jobs, the necessity of jobs, having the successful ability to create, sustain, and carry on versus putting in safety, and we want to go as close as possible meeting that need in both ways, but there definitely are cost issues that will influence whether you can do them.    Chairman Walberg. Mr. Brady, construction is fundamentally different than other professions. Your testimony discusses how Table 1 of the regulation does not adjust appropriately for the modern construction workforce. Can you expand on the concerns of the industry as a whole with Table 1?    Chairman Walberg. How does the specialty contractors that often work concurrently with you add to this mix, specifically the multiemployer citation policy that OSHA has? How does that add to additional problems in compliance?    Chairman Walberg. I thank you. My time has expired. Now, I will recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. Wilson, for her closing comments.    Chairman Walberg. I thank the gentlelady. We would certainly identify with a number of your sentiments very clearly. There is no price for a life. It is important.    Our responsibility is to make sure those lives are able to work in a beneficial way on the jobsite, and carry on and pass that on as well to family members for an opportunity that this country affords, unlike any other country in the world.    I like that chart that was displayed earlier, put up on the board, and just for context again, at the very least, we can agree that is the direction we want to go, reducing silicosis.    There might be variables in the numbers there, a little bit up, a little bit down, but that is the direction we want to go, and with the present standard, even with weaknesses in the actual enforcement of that standard, that is where we are at.    Through all of the hearings that we have had, and it is correct, we have had multiple hearings on this silicosis rule, trying to press upon OSHA, the Department of Labor, that this is a serious consideration and that it impacts all of us in the room, all outside this room, on industry continuing to provide the products and the services that are necessary in this great country.    It has been stated by a colleague of mine on the other side of the aisle that China is not doing these things. We do not want to go backwards to what China is doing. We do not want to give our products away to China either, or any other country. We want to continue to compete.    This is not only the construction industry. This crosses the board, as we have heard about multiple industries with the impact of silica.    There have been literally thousands of comments submitted to OSHA in the rulemaking process. Sadly, it is clear that some of those comments were rejected, not simply rejected because they did not make sense, but just out of hand, apparently for philosophical differences. That does not bode well for a standard that works.    My father worked at U.S. Steel. I do not know whether he eventually got lung cancer as a result of that job, but he did. Ultimately, thankfully, due to experimental therapy, he not only lived but he went on to work until he was 73 years old as a machinist/tool and dye maker, because he loved it, and he would have worked longer if he did not wear out.    I worked at that same plant, U.S. Steel South Works, on the south side of Chicago, out of high school. My second job after being a laborer there at the plant was as a furnace and ladle repairman's helper. It was an interesting job. I mixed a lot of mortar, I cut a lot of tile and bricks for those ladles that took the molten steel from the furnace, as well as got inside those furnaces when they were shut down to help repair those as well.    I do not know, well, I guess I could say, I am sure that the policies that are in place right now probably were not in place back in 1969, at least fully. I am still breathing okay, and I hope that continues. I do not know about the ladle repairman, whether he is or not.    We wanted to see things work well. That same plant, those same set of furnaces, ten minutes after I left work one night, left the locker room heading back to my car, half a mile from the Number 2 electric furnace where I worked, exploded. The entire locker room was gone. Everything around it was gone because a burn through from the heat went down into the sewer and blew up.    I agree with you, Ms. Herschkowitz, we do not want to mess around with water around molten steel.    These are considerations that OSHA ought to take into consideration. We are talking here about flexibility. We are talking about using controls, we are talking about using technology, we are talking about using tools, we ought to be at least to protect the worker, make a clean breathing space for them to carry on the necessary work they do, and not have a simple one-size-fits-all because we think it ought to be that way.    That is why we had this hearing again today. It is after a fact. I am still hopeful that somehow, some way, we can make sure we preserve jobs, we preserve trades, we preserve futures for people in this country that they can pass on doing good work that needs to be done here and not someplace else.    We can make sure there are foundry jobs available. Every one of you are safer as a result of that, maybe. We will not have those foundry jobs, we will not have those products built. That is what we wrestle with. It is not an issue of whether we discount life, it is an issue of whether we sustain life, and move industry forward to make America what it is. That is what this is about.    I want to express my deep appreciation to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I want to express my appreciation to the witnesses, all four at the table, and everyone in this room today, for taking this seriously.    I hope as a result, we will see OSHA maybe even step back and say we might want to listen to some of the information more carefully. We might have a better way that ultimately protects the individuals involved with this as well as the workplace.    Having got on and off my hobby horse right now, and seeing there is no further business for the subcommittee today, the Committee stands adjourned.