    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I will continue along the same topic here, and I think it is important for us to recognize that North Korea remains the most immediate military threat, not to only our interests within the region, but really to the U.S. directly, and important for us to focus on this immediate threat, especially within the context of the greater conversation that is taking place now and seeing how we can prevent Iran from getting to the point of having this nuclear capability.    General Scaparrotti, I am wondering if you can speak to Mr. Wilson's question, but also specifically to the status of ballistic missile defense policy within the region and the level of cooperation that you are getting from our partners there, within the Republic of Korea and Japan specifically.    General Scaparrotti. Well, thank you.    First of all, to the North Korean nuclear capability, I would state it this way, that they claim to have a capability to deliver a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile. They have paraded it, they have shown it to us. But they haven't tested it, as the Under Secretary mentioned, and that is very important in something that is as complex as this. But as a commander, I have to be prudent and assume that they can deliver one and act on that basis.    Secondly, in terms of ballistic missile defense, we bring our best systems to the peninsula. We work very closely with the Republic of Korea. This year, just this funding year, they committed in the last couple of months to upgrade their PAC-2 systems to PAC-3, and they will be doing that over the next couple of years, And we are working closely with them over the next year or so to increase our interoperability and the ability to have a common operating picture.    So I think we are moving in the right direction, given the threat. We have to keep pace with that, we have to continue to keep our focus on that.    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you.    Admiral Locklear, in your written statement you stated that currently there are roughly 1,300 ISIS foreign fighters who are coming from the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. Can you speak to specifically which countries predominantly they are coming from? What is drawing them to ISIS specifically? And how do you characterize the threat of these foreign fighters coming back and returning to their home countries in the region and continuing these activities there?    Ms. Gabbard. Do the governments of some of these countries recognize this threat? And are they reaching out to work with us in partnership to make sure that it doesn't grow?    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you.