    Ms. Castor. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And good morning. Like many of the other members, I am very concerned with the unintended consequences of H.R. 2339. Medicaid eligibility was recently updated. And it was tied to the modified adjusted gross income measure to streamline eligibility and prevent gaps in coverage. Now, H.R. 2339 proposes a surgical change in the law to prevent lottery winners from maintaining Medicaid eligibility. But as currently drafted, children and other individuals may be affected by the change. In MACPAC, a relatively quick review of this legislation, can the Commission foresee problems with implementation and unintended consequences?    Ms. Castor. Right. So we have some work to do here. Many of the bills on the agenda today target provider fraud and individual eligibility. But I would like to ask you all as experts whose responsibility is it to enforce Medicaid and the Social Security Act statutes when a state does not follow the law? Mr. Hagg?    Ms. Castor. I know this probably has never happened in Oklahoma. But, generally speaking, what is your answer?    Ms. Castor. OK.    Ms. Castor. And can you give me an example where a state was in violation of the law under Social Security Act, Medicaid statutes, and they took action and addressed the situation?    Ms. Castor. Ms. Riley, what about when a state limits access to care and, for example, children are being denied access to pediatricians or specialists? Have you seen an example where CMS came in and did some kind of enforcement action or exercised their oversight?    Ms. Castor. Mr. Gomez, do you know of an example there?    Ms. Castor. Here is what I am getting at, and if you all can look at this situation, at the end of December, a Federal court judge said to the State of Florida that your restrictive networks for specialists and pediatricians, they are so restrictive that you have, in effect, denied access to care for kids to medical services. They weighed in on reimbursement rates that are so low that they can't get doctors to participate.    During the 8 months, in the interim, the State of Florida, rather than stepping up and saying, ``OK, we are going to rectify the situation,'' has said, ``Talk to the hand, no. In fact, we are going to continue to limit these networks.'' And all of the children's medical directors across the state now are in protest because children now are being screened out. They don't have access to specialists. And it would seem that, especially after the Armstrong case by the U.S. Supreme Court, that it really is up to CMS to enforce and step in. I don't know what else these kids can do if they have to rely on Federal regulators.    Ms. Castor. Kids across Florida would be grateful if the Commission would take a look. Thank you.