    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Vice Chair Walberg, Ranking Member Connolly, and members of the subcommittee. I'm Marc Cohen, the director of the Center for Long-Term Services and Supports at the McCormick Graduate School at UMass Boston, and a former president and current adviser to LifePlans, Inc., a long-term care research, consulting, and risk management company.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify in this topic. And in my testimony today, I will draw upon my 25 years of research focused on the private insurance market. I'd like to make three broad points today.    First, the rate increases that we're discussing should be viewed within the broader context of the long-term care insurance market and the challenges faced by all insurers in that market. These rate increases are occurring across almost all blocks of business as actuaries learn how the product is performing and make adjustments to their initial pricing assumptions.    Second, the current marketplace challenges do not diminish the need for an insurance-based solution for middle-class Americans, many of whom will face catastrophic costs and financial impoverishment in the absence of insurance solutions.    Finally, without public action, the private insurance market alone is unlikely to play a meaningful role in financing the Nation's long-term care needs. More specifically, an insurance-based public/private partnership stands the best chance of moving the needle on protecting middle-class Americans from significant costs that threaten their retirement.    Let me begin by making a few key observations to frame some of the subsequent discussion. Today, fewer than 10 percent have insurance protection, industrywide sales are declining significantly, and many companies have exited the market. Thus, the market is shrinking rather than growing, and this at a time when more Americans are facing significant long-term care costs.    There are a number of reasons why so many insurers have stopped offering policies. On the demand side, selling costs are high because consumers lack knowledge and understanding about long-term care risks and costs. They're confused about the role of public programs and there's general mistrust of insurers. On the supply side, insurers have faced a variety of unpredictable and often uncontrollable risks that are hard to spread. For example, given the current funding structure of almost all standalone policies, companies must correctly estimate yields on investment premiums 20 to 30 years into the future. An err of just a few percentage points in such an estimate can result in very large premium increases to assure adequate funding of future claims.    Second, unfolding negative claims experience has led to large rate increases as insurers waited many years before requesting some of these rate increases. Recent research shows that people would prefer smaller but more frequent adjustments rather than large infrequent ones. The problem is that these premium increases have made the product too costly for a growing number of middle-class consumers who only have personal savings and safety net programs like Medicaid to rely on should they require significant amounts of care.    Despite private sector challenges, variation in long-term care needs and expenses make risk pooling through insurance desirable. The underdevelopment and growing unaffordability of private insurance in the absence of any public insurance present a fundamental problem. People have no way to effectively plan for what is a perfectly insurable risk.    Since current strategies have not worked well in assuring broad consumer appeal and ensure enthusiasm, what can be done? Some concrete actions include simplifying and standardizing products to reduce selling costs, changing the structure of premiums payments so that there is some level of indexing to address both affordability and premium stability issues.    Also, without expanded Federal and/or State support designed to spur both demand and supply, however, the needle is unlikely to move enough to protect the majority of middle-class Americans. In addition to an educational campaign designed to reduce consumer confusion and increase knowledge and awareness, we need to think more broadly about shared public and private insurance models.    For example, given that the private insurance market is not willing to provide products any longer that cover the catastrophic tail risk, one might consider whether and how States or the Federal Government might do so. Such an approach could provide a basis--a base that the private insurance industry could supplement or wrap around, and it would likely encourage more insurers to get back into the market, broaden the risk pool, and lower the cost of insurance products.    In the interest of time, I will stop here, but would be happy to answer any questions that the committee might have. Thank you.    Mr. Cohen. I can maybe add something on that.    Mr. Cohen. At least historically when these products have been priced, the idea was that somewhere between 60 to 70 percent of the dollars that were collected would eventually get paid out in claims.    Mr. Cohen. Just to get for order of magnitude.    Mr. Cohen. I don't know. I will say that, as I mentioned in my testimony, the selling costs associated with long-term care insurance are pretty high because of the lack of information, confusion. It's not a sort of a one and done. It's agents sitting across the table from people and so on. And that's, you know, one of the ways that we are--have to think about making the insurance more affordable is how to reduce some of those selling costs. They can represent anywhere from 15 to 25 percent of the premium.    Mr. Cohen. Yes.    Mr. Cohen. I don't know.    Mr. Cohen. I don't--I don't think it's----    Mr. Cohen. Oh, I won't touch that.    Mr. Cohen. Sorry. No, I don't think that it's unviable. I think that there can be changes, changes in the structure of the product. There can be much greater education. Just to your last question also. When we look at the primary reason why people who have been approached to buy this insurance don't, it's a cost issue. They don't see the value proposition. And if you don't believe you're at risk, if you believe that public programs are going to cover you, then why would you lay out the money? There's a lot of work that needs to get done in that regard.    And I also think that these types of products work best in the context of a broader public role. And that was one of the things I mentioned.    Mr. Cohen. Sure. I mean, there are--the Federal Government has been involved in, for example, organizing risk pools for, you know, flood insurance.    Mr. Cohen. I mean, in--when there are issues that are--especially when it relates to insurance, if there are common shocks that affect the entire industry, then you can't--you know, you can't spread the risks adequately, no matter what you end up doing.    Mr. Cohen. Right. On that point, I would like to say that it's likely--there's no magic bullet here. It's a combination of both demand and supply.    Mr. Cohen. Well, I mean, there are different ways to think about it. One is that you could imagine either the State or the Federal Government organizing a pool----    Mr. Cohen. --among insurers where right now they have a premium tax that goes maybe to a guarantee fund. Maybe it goes to an reinsurance backstop.    Mr. Cohen. And they all agree to a set of principles in the way that they operate. And if either one company, or whatever, has losses above that, then that's spread across the companies.    Mr. Cohen. That's one way to think about it. You know, one thing that I wanted to make sure that got out there, and that is that when you look at, for example, people who are on claim, you know, it is--it is true that right now, even 22 years of premium payments would be made up in about 5, 6 months of actual long-term care expenses. And so I have to say that if even--and even in the presence of rate increases, that means it's closer to 8 months.    If you turn out to be one of the people who become disabled for a significant amount of time, meaning 2 to 3 years, you're getting a lot of benefit--a lot of benefit out of your policy. And I just want to make sure that that's understood here.    Mr. Cohen. One other point on that with respect to these actuarial assumptions, part of the challenge that the whole industry has faced is the issue of waiting until you get what you perceive to be credible experience. And so that means that if you've waited 10 years and all of a sudden you're now certain because you have all of this credible experience, you've got about 10 years back to make up.    And I think one of the ways that we could improve the functioning of this market is to have insurers certified on an annual basis based on actual--what actual assumptions are operating in the marketplace. For example, you see what's happening with interest rates. You know that. You don't have to wait 5 years to know that this year you're earning 1 percent or so on.    And so we just completed a study and asked a question about that, and overwhelmingly, people would prefer--if there have to be rate increases, people would prefer more frequent, smaller increases, similar to health insurance, than, you know, infrequent, large, you know, one-time hits.    Mr. Cohen. There are some countervailing trends, which advances in health care, for example----    Mr. Cohen. Right. It may turn out that we're keeping people alive longer with less disability. I mean, that's--part of the uncertainty here is, frankly, it can go in both directions.    Mr. Cohen. Can they--I agree that they can't control the number who need long-term care. I don't know if they're held hostage to that, but----