    Mr. Veasey. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I want----    Mr. Veasey. Oh, they have called votes. Okay. I will be just really quick.    I just wanted to ask particularly about the inventory, the Joint Strike Fighter inventory. I know that we have heard testimony about the strike fighter shortfall of two to three squadrons, is two to three squadrons worth of aircraft. And is the Navy strike fighter inventory sufficient to support operational demand?    Mr. Veasey. Lieutenant General Holmes, last question for me. Can the F-35 provide the ground cover that is needed? I know there has been a lot of talk about, you know, the A-10 and the ground cover that it provides. But do you--can the F-35 provide sufficient ground cover in the theater that troops will need without having an A-10 type plane?    General Holmes. You know, thank you, sir. You heard General Davis talk about how the Marines feel about the F-35's ability to provide close air support. And I think they are comfortable it will be able to do so. I think we are, too. And I think the whole Air Force is involved in the close air support mission and the support of ground commanders. So the F-35 will play a role in that. But it won't just be the F-35. It will be the F-35, the F-15, the F-16, and the whole Air Force enterprise can be devoted to that resource. And yes, sir, we feel confident we can continue to provide that mission.    Mr. Veasey. Thank you.    General Davis. If I could, sir, just to follow up on that from the Marine Corps side. On our inventory, we are replacing F-18s and Harriers that have performed exceptionally well in combat, but they are nearing the end of their service life. So the F-35B and the C--but the F-35B in large numbers for the Marine Corps--is keeping that aircraft on-ramp and keeping that in production is really important to us.    On the--on how we will support the marines on the ground, we got our first-day fight, first 5 days' fight with fifth generation. So we can support a marine in a contested environment, which we can't do as well with our legacy airplanes right now.    The other thing, if I--when I go to Block 3 software, I can actually load 14,000 pounds of external ordnance on the airplane. That is 3,000 pounds more than I could put on my F-18 today. So, great. Taking a lot of ordnance to the marines and soldiers, sailors, where and when they need them.    Mr. Veasey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.