    Mr. McClintock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Murillo, La Nina conditions now appear likely for this winter, do they not?    Mr. McClintock. La Nina conditions are building now for this winter. Are we looking at another likely dry winter?    Mr. McClintock. Well, I am told that La Nina usually follows an El Nino, and the forecasts I am seeing are for a very dry winter coming up, or certainly a strong possibility of that. My principal concern is the condition of Folsom Lake Reservoir. The fish agency required that Folsom be drawn down dramatically now so that cold water can be held back at Shasta to adjust river temperatures in the fall. Recreational businesses have already been notified they are going to be closing very early. Some of them are going to be going out of business as a result of these early closures. That is not the principal danger. The principal danger is that we never completed Auburn Dam upriver, so we have no way to replenish Folsom if there is a dry winter, and Folsom is the principal source of water for the city of Roseville and its surrounding communities.    My concern is what contingencies your bureau has made for a dry winter coming up if you are draining Folsom right now for the fish?    Mr. McClintock. But that is about a third of its capacity and facing a dry winter with no way to replenish it.    Mr. McClintock. Don't you think that that is irresponsible?    Mr. McClintock. Well, you are not, because you are ordering the early drainage of that reservoir to meet these fish appease.    Mr. Sutton, the Ranking Member referred to the fact that we do have an historic drought. It seems to me in drought conditions, shouldn't we be more careful to hold back what water remains behind our reservoirs?    Mr. McClintock. Have we done so?    Mr. McClintock. Well, they are inexplicable.    Mr. McClintock. I mean, the fact is Californians made exemplary efforts, they sacrificed their lawns, their gardens, they disrupted their lives, only to turn around and watch the government release billions of gallons of water to adjust river temperatures. I wonder what moral authority is government to demand draconian sacrifices by our people when it treats the remaining water so frivolously.    Mr. Azhderian, a biologist was shaking his head in my office last year, pointing out that in a drought salmon do not enter rivers because the water is too warm and there is not enough of it. He said that by artificially cooling the water through releases and pulse flows, we end up tricking them into doing something their own instincts warn them not to do, and it doesn't end well for them. In fact, we have heard that right now. What are your thoughts?    Mr. McClintock. Mr. Borck, are we doing enough to supplement salmon populations through fish hatcheries?    Mr. McClintock. No. You're a fisherman. But are we doing enough to supplement these salmon populations?    Mr. McClintock. The reason I ask is there is a movement to tear down the Iron Gate Dam on the Klamath River. When the Iron Gate Dam is torn out, the Iron Gate Fish Hatchery goes with it. The Iron Gate Fish Hatchery produces 5 million salmon smolts a year. That will all be gone when that dam is torn down.    Do you think that is good public policy for your colleagues in the fishing industry?    Mr. McClintock. Do you support----    Mr. McClintock . Or oppose----    Mr. McClintock . Destroying the fish hatchery? That is a simple question.