    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Higgins. Mr. Ambassador, with all due respect, we have heard this for the past 15 years. You know, here is my concern--and I apologize for cutting you off, but I only have a minute. If Pakistan falls apart or if Islamic extremists take over, it is a nightmare scenario for us. It is a big country, about 180 million people. It has a lot of Islamic extremists, and it has nuclear weapons. And to have Islamic extremists with nuclear weapons is a primary goal, a primary goal of al-Qaeda. And it would be a major victory for them and the outgrowth of al-Qaeda, the Islamic State, and a major defeat for us, the United States.    I yield back.    Mr. Higgins. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just, you know, I just keep going back to the double game that is being played by Pakistan. And, you know, you had said that Pakistan expressed a seriousness in addressing the education needs of its country. Pakistan spends 3 percent of its budget on education, 3 percent. It spends 3 percent of its budget on infrastructure. According to the World Economic Forum, countries that spend less than 15 percent on education, health care, and infrastructure are countries that are very susceptible to collapse. So when Pakistan says or expresses a seriousness in addressing its educational needs, one only needs to look at the amount of budgetary resources its addressing for that need.    Additionally, Pakistan, I think, inflates the amount it spends on counterterrorism operations so it can receive more money, particularly from us. And as has been stated here throughout this hearing, some $30 billion over the past 15 years has been spent, both military and economic development aid for Pakistan. According to U.S. military officials, the legitimate costs are only about 30 percent. So my question is, where is the rest of that money going? And it is very, very significant, and I suspect for nefarious purpose.    And are we winning the hearts and minds of Pakistanis given the extraordinary aid that we have provided? Well, I would refer you to the Pew Research Center, which says that the majority of Pakistanis view the United States as the enemy. The majority say that U.S. assistance has a negative or no impact at all. And Pakistan is one of the most corrupt countries in the world.    So I think by any measure, when you look at the extraordinary aid that we have provided, at the very least, we have not used that aid package as a basis from which to force very, very reasonable reforms with respect to helping the Pakistanis help their own people. Because if you are not making a commitment to education, if you are not making a commitment to health care, if you are not building the roads and bridges of your community, why are we? We spent $87 billion rebuilding the roads and bridges of Afghanistan. We spent $73 billion rebuilding the roads and bridges of Iraq, roads and bridges they blow up to kill our people. So, you know, I think, if anything, you know, we look at this exercise today, this hearing, as underscoring, I think, the urgency of better utilizing the leverage that we have with Pakistan so to ensure that not only that money is more wisely spent, but we, you know, the benefactors of huge amounts of foreign aid to Pakistan aren't viewed by the vast majority of the Pakistani people as the enemy and the money that we give them as ineffective.    Mr. Higgins. Thank you.