    Mr. DesJarlais. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our panel of witnesses for your thoughtful insight today. Dr. Cha, I wanted to ask you, do you believe that North Korea would use their nuclear weapons for aggressive actions?    Mr. DesJarlais. I just want to talk a little bit about perception. I have not been to South Korea. I have not been to Japan. Do South Koreans and Japanese feel the same threat from North Korea that, say, Israel does with Iran?    Mr. DesJarlais. Okay. And I am going somewhere with this. My sense is that, you know, here in this country we have a country, the only one in this century, testing nuclear weapons, detonate a nuclear weapon a week ago. But after the news comes out, it is like, oh, well, it wasn't a thermonuclear weapon; it was just a fission weapon, and, therefore, we don't need to worry about it.    We are having a hearing today, but I will tell you that every Member of Congress understands the threat Israel feels from Iran. It is something that Israel has done to raise that perception, and I think that everyone has learned to respect that threat. And I am not sure that is the same with North Korea.    And, you know, maybe our problem is that we need to raise that perception. Every Member of Congress, Democrat or Republican, generally takes a trip to Israel when they first go to Congress, and they see and they feel that threat. You know, maybe that is something Japan and something South Korea and other nations that feel threatened in the region should do to help increase that perception here in Congress, because honestly right now, I mean, you hear the news about Syria, you hear the news about ISIS, you hear about the Iran deal. It is sucking up all the oxygen, and that is what people are paying attention to.    So you all have a lot of great ideas of what to do, but how do we get action? And that is, you know, why we are here today. So, in your opinion, what do we do to elevate the reality that this is a real threat? Because it just--I have been sitting here with my colleague, Mr. Perry, talking about, you know, this problem should just be solved, but yet it is not happening.    And it doesn't seem that hard, but apparently it is. So what would you suggest? And I will give each of the panelists a chance to respond, 30 seconds each.    Mr. DesJarlais. Thank you.    Mr. Klingner.    Mr. DesJarlais. Thank you.    Ms. Glaser.    Mr. DesJarlais. I thank the panel, and thank you, Chairman.