    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I also want to thank Mr. Markanday and Dr. Dunford for appearing before the subcommittee this afternoon, and I look forward to hearing their perspective and testimony on what is one of the most important issues facing the developing and developed world.    As I have said in the past, the U.S. has long been a leader in the realm of food aid internationally and over the years has contributed consistently and innovatively regarding the global challenge.    President Obama established the Bureau of Food Security in 2010 and by doing so demonstrated the high priority that we place on addressing the issue of global food insecurity.    This key decision by the Obama administration has led to greater coordination amongst government agencies and leveraged strategically government efforts to combat global hunger and food insecurity by not only working with recipient governments but also with international organizations and other donors.    Feed the Future stands out in this effort to combat some of the most challenging examples of food insecurity worldwide.    I believe one of the reasons that the U.S. has led so effectively in this arena is the focus that the government places on strong partnerships with recipient countries.    Also, the Feed the Future program has worked with not only host governments, but also the private sector and, critically, local civil society, I believe, this inclusive approach is the key to the initiative's effective implementation.    Addressing food security challenges effectively also means addressing the challenges facing newborns in countries plagued with food insecurity.    In this regard, I look forward to hearing the testimony of Dr. Dunford regarding progress and ongoing challenges regarding stunting. Of particular interest to me are identifying what approaches work successfully and whether success in one region of Africa, for example, can be duplicated in another region.    Also, I would like to know what role capacity training has played in these efforts. I would also welcome statistical information regarding successes and challenges faced by countries in both Africa and Asia and how our country in concert with the host countries, the international community, and donors can help address such challenges.    Thank you.    Ms. Bass. Thank you very much for your presentation.    You know, in many ways we are talking about a difficult subject but in many ways you are filled with a lot of good news too in terms of practices that are really making a difference.    And I wanted you to expand on that. So a few things in terms of Feed the Future, I have traveled to a couple of countries and have seen Feed the Future in action, specifically though as it relates to farming.    In your written testimony, you have a couple of examples that I wanted you to elaborate on. One was Chicken Choice in Kenya. And so I wanted to know if you could give a couple of examples of a Feed the Futures best practices that weren't very specifically agricultural.    Ms. Bass. Great, and I appreciate that.    I wanted to know some other input around Africa. You talked about how the African Union was really taking a leadership role and maybe you could be specific about what you mean.    And then in that regard, also I wanted to know if you feel that there are examples of roles being played by the African regional economic communities regarding a more regional approach, especially with some of the smaller countries.    Ms. Bass. Wow. That's great. That's wonderful, because a problem throughout the continent----    Ms. Bass . Is how to support intra-African trade.    So one question that always comes up in my district whenever I talk about Feed the Future, and I brag about Feed the Future all the time, but I'm always questioned as to whether or not GMOs are a real big factor.    Like when you were describing the beans and then also the rice, and so I wanted to know if you could comment on that.    Ms. Bass. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair.