    Mr. Pitts. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for coming today.    Chairman Upton mentioned his interest in Ukraine and the meetings over there with the Ukrainian Parliament, the EU, getting resources over there. You said something that you are doing a lot with Ukraine. Would you care to elaborate please?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. The Department of Energy has made progress on a few LNG export applications, but the fact of the matter is that more than 30 applications still await final decision from DOE. And I realize that you decided to reconfigure the process to allow FERC to go first with its environmental review, but the process as a whole remains complicated, unpredictable, especially for U.S. allies who are unfamiliar with the bureaucratic process between DOE and FERC. My question is, when will DOE finalize its follow-on economic study of exports in the 12 to 20 billion cubic feet per day range?    Mr. Pitts. Would the transpacific partnership or the transatlantic trade and investment partnership clear the way for automatic LNG export approvals?    Mr. Pitts. Do you support the provisions within the discussion draft which would effectively give DOE 60 days to act on an application following the FERC environmental review?    Mr. Pitts. U.S. oil production has risen rapidly in the last several years, and imports are falling. In fact, only about \1/4\ of the petroleum consumed in the U.S. is imported from foreign countries, which is the lowest level in 30 years. When asked about lifting the ban on oil exports, you have made the point that the U.S. still imports oil, which is a fact, but given our role in the global market, would it make sense to both import and export oil?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. My time has expired.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am very pleased to introduce Mr. Scott Martin, a County Commissioner from Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, formerly chairman of that commission, and also active in the statewide Association of County Commissioners. An outstanding commissioner who I am very pleased could travel down from Pennsylvania to be with us today.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Martin, Lancaster County doesn't have any wells of Marcellus Shale being drilled in it. Probably the nearest well is 100 miles away. But how is Lancaster County benefitting from Marcellus Shale, the boom that you mentioned, even if there are no wells being drilled in the county?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you very much, my time has expired.