    Mr. Bishop. Thank you.    I apologize for coming in late. I will make up for it by leaving right after I am done.    Ms. Kendall, I appreciate you being here. You publicly, I believe, released a report yesterday.    Mr. Bishop. The report details an incidence involving improper hiring and discrimination against veterans in the Office of the Secretary. Am I right in that assumption?    Mr. Bishop. The report discussed how an individual at the office repeatedly violated hiring practices or procedures to secure a job for a relative. Is that also correct?    Mr. Bishop. I guess that is enough of a nexus. OK.    How many times was the job posting rewritten or canceled to benefit this particular individual?    Mr. Bishop. OK. Three, four, five, ten?    Mr. Bishop. I understand from the report that the veterans who are more highly qualified and have veteran preference status were asked to withdraw their application at the direction of this individual.    Mr. Bishop. I also understand that this individual instructed her subordinates to find reasons to disqualify those veterans who could not be convinced to withdraw their application, because she did not want a potentially disabled veteran on the staff. Am I reading that correctly from your report?    Mr. Bishop. I also understand that discrimination against veterans and the continual rewriting of job postings did ultimately result in the employment of her former nephew, by marriage. Is that individual still employed at the DOI?    Mr. Bishop. When did this individual retire from the Interior Department, the one who hired?    Mr. Bishop. And, have there been any disciplinary actions taken against her, for what I say is an egregious hiring practice?    Mr. Bishop. Was it forced retirement?    Mr. Bishop. All right. How did you know about this? How did the investigation on this particular issue begin?    Mr. Bishop. Did someone inform you or is this kind of like a routine investigation that you do?    Mr. Bishop. And are there other cases in the pipeline of which you know?    Mr. Bishop. Well, I admit it is egregious, and I thought we were past that.    I appreciate the report. I appreciate your coming here and testifying, and I appreciate your bringing this to light, not only to the public in your report, but also to the committee. So, thank you very much.    Mr. Bishop. I will yield back.