    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Harris, you once said in an interview with FedScoop that what keeps you up at night are things you don't know, yet at our last hearing--it is November 17 last year--you couldn't answer some basic questions asked about the lack of personal identification, identity verification/authentication and the vulnerabilities in the Federal Student Aid central processing system. I would like to direct your attention to some slides if the staff can put up the first slide.    Mr. Palmer. This is, if you will notice, a conference. It is a presentation from a conference on Federal Student Aid that you did.    Okay. If you would go to slide number 8.    Mr. Palmer. If you look at slide number 8, you are laying out all these things that you are doing. Now, this was in 2011. And what concerns me is when I was asking you just a basic question about the security measures that are in place to protect the CPS system, I mean, CPS system processes 22 million student aid applications a year. There is integration between the Veterans Administration, Selective Service, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security, Social Security Administration. I mean, there are 139 million unique Social Security numbers in this system. And your answer to that question was to apologize. You said I don't have operational oversight of that system. I have limited knowledge, but I can certainly get you more information on that.    Dr. Harris, you know, what you don't know may keep you up at night, but I can assure you when we get responses like that from people responsible for keeping our information systems protected, when you can't answer that, that keeps us up at night.    What I would like to do is to go back to this question and ask you, have you had time to learn about this since I asked you that question?    Mr. Palmer. Well, what is the status of implementing the personal identification verification?    Mr. Palmer. The PIV.    Mr. Palmer. You ----    Mr. Harris.--once that vendor segments their architecture.    Mr. Palmer. You also made a point that you weren't able to give me an answer on that because you didn't have operational oversight, and I think you may have mentioned that it was performance-based organization. Can you describe the Department's oversight of the PVO's information security activities under FISMA now?    Mr. Palmer. How many of these--you made all of these points that things that you said needed to be done. How many of those have actually been done?    Mr. Palmer. Well, you can go back to that. We're down to the last few seconds here.    Mr. Palmer. Okay. That's all the questions I have, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.