    Mr. Marino . The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the Congresswoman from Washington, Ms. DelBene.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    I am going to recognize myself for 5 minutes of questioning.    This question is for Ms. Stark. But, Mr. Metalitz and Mr. Zuck, if you have a different answer, would you please respond briefly?    Today, U.S. companies face ever-increasing intellectual property threats as more and more Web sites provide access to pirated content and counterfeit goods. I would like to ask about the registrar's accreditation agreement that required new obligations for registrars when presented with evidence of copyright or trademark infringements or other illegal activities.    Ms. Stark?    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Mr. Metalitz, do you find that successful?    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Mr. Zuck?    Mr. Marino. This question is for Mr. DelBianco. In testimony before the Subcommittee last year, NTIA Administrator Strickling spoke of the importance of ensuring a stable legal environment for the IANA services. He subsequently informed the Committee that while he considered the U.S. to provide such an environment, that the stakeholders that are developing the transition plan are better placed to examine whether ICANN should continue to remain subject to U.S. law post-transition or not, he declined to answer whether protections need to be in place before the transition occurs to ensure that ICANN remains subject to U.S. law after completion, thereby admitting the possibility that this is negotiable.    It seems to me that it is essential that ICANN and IANA function operators remain subject to U.S. law going forward, and that there is no better legal environment to ensure the continued stability of these operations. I would like the record to reflect the opinion of you concerning this. What say you? I know I threw a lot at you right there.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. My time has expired.    The Chair recognizes the Congresswoman from California, Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. Marino. Without objection.    Mr. Marino. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman Johnson.