    Mr. Royce. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And for the record, Mr. Secretary, one of my colleagues earlier asked if the GSEs have repaid the money that they have borrowed from the American taxpayer. The simple answer that my colleague tried to elicit, I think, was that the payments they have made to the government now exceed the rescue funds they received.    Mr. Secretary, I think you agree here this is not the real answer nor the real question. The real question is, have they repaid their debt to the American taxpayers?    And for that answer, I think we can go to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York that was asked that question. And they put it this way. They said, ``Should these figures be interpreted to mean that the Treasury, and therefore the taxpayers, have been `repaid' by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and that the two firms should now pay dividends to their regular shareholders again? The answer to that is no.''    The New York Fed said that taxpayers are entitled to a substantial risk premium, government support has lowered funding costs and boosted profits, and the government has never collected the commitment fee that the government is owed from Fannie and Freddie.    So the false scenario that is perpetuated is that taxpayers have been repaid, it is time to end conservatorship and return the GSEs to control of the shareholders. From your comment earlier, I assume you disagree with this narrative and agree with the conclusion of the New York Fed that failing to work to wind down the GSEs and give space for private capital to come in would be a colossal missed opportunity to put the U.S. residential mortgage finance market on a more stable long-term footing?    Mr. Royce. And I think we can move forward together on that GSE reform concept. I have publicly endorsed reforms that would increase private sector participation in the secondary housing market, that would decrease taxpayer exposure to future losses, and that would limit disruption to the housing market.    But I think, if you look at the particulars, more risk sharing is something that can be done to create a lot of space here. A common securitization platform is something that works for the GSEs and then brings in private capital to use that platform. A common residential mortgage-backed security would be a good start for Congress, I think, to pass this year. If I could have your thoughts on that?    Mr. Royce. If I have a minute here, I am going to quickly push--Last week, the Treasury Department announced its deliverables for the upcoming Strategic and Economic Dialogue with China. One of the issues a few years back was that ownership caps were raised there from 33 to 49 percent. But this is largely symbolic because it doesn't really provide further benefit to firms operating in China. When Chinese institutions invest in the United States, they face no ownership cap or activity restrictions. And this is just one of many impediments that our financial services firms face when operating there.    I did want to raise that issue with you. And also, I raised with you earlier that on this technology restriction, we have China agreeing to delay implementing a certain restriction on its draft antiterror laws that would require foreign companies to hand over their encryption keys. Clearly, our banks and our financial services firms, technology firms, cannot operate under those conditions in China.    Recently, we were in Shanghai, and they were pushing that. It is still on the third reading. The peoples' Congress has adjourned until next year, but that still hangs out there. And so, we need to have greater pushback.    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.