    Mr. Gutierrez. I know that, Mr. Chairman. It is good to be with you all this afternoon.    Mr. Chairman, could I have my staff assistant hand out a memorandum that was November 4 to all of our witnesses, so they have a copy?    Mr. Gutierrez. Thanks.    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I think we should use this document because it is a letter written in 1999 signed by Henry Hyde and Lamar Smith and Bill McCollum and a series of other outstanding Republican Chairmen of this Committee, in which they write to Janet Reno, saying you guys have to promulgate some discretion here. You haven't done it enough. And you have the ability and the right in law to do exactly that, and you haven't done it.    So I just want to state for the record that not our party, but the majority party, has stated and stipulated through this memorandum that they believe in discretion, and that the Administration should use discretion. And in the memorandum, just for the public, it says, ``We write to you because many people believe that you have the discretion to alleviate some of the hardships, and we wish to solicit your views as to why you have been unwilling to exercise such authority in some of the cases. In addition, we ask whether your view is that the 1996 amendments somehow eliminated that discretion.''    Mr. Gutierrez. I can't.    Mr. Gutierrez. Not right now. I am in the middle of reading----    Mr. Gutierrez. I can't. If I could have that time back, because I was trying to have a conversation----    Mr. Gutierrez. Why are you so upset? You have three witnesses to one already.    Mr. Gutierrez. Even the Attorney General has to laugh at that. I mean, it is 3-to-1. It is stacked.    Mr. Gutierrez. Oh, 3-to-2, okay.    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you so much. I came here to try to have a conversation, but you see how it gets in here, just reading a memorandum signed. It is here. I have entered this into the record a dozen times, so everybody should have a copy of it by now, and everybody should know I am bringing it up each and every time anybody talks about discretion, because it is established.    I mean, Henry Hyde, Illinois, Chairman of the Committee, signed this. Lamar Smith, no pushover when it comes to those illegal immigrants and how the American Government should treat them.    So it says, ``Indeed, INS General and Regional Counsel have taken the position, apparently well-grounded in case law, that INS has prosecutorial discretion in the initiation or termination of removal proceedings. See attached memorandum. Furthermore, a number of press reports indicate that the INS has already employed this discretion. Optimally, removal proceedings should be initiated or terminated only upon specific instructions from authorized INS officials, issued in accordance with agency guidelines. However, the INS apparently has not yet promulgated such guidelines.''    So let us make it clear, it is well-established in the law, unlike other parts of the Federal Government, that there is discretion when it comes to the application of the law in immigration law.    And the attorney general, I have a definition here of politician. Are you a politician? I have Webster's. Are you a politician?    Mr. Gutierrez. You are a politician, right? I will find it, it will say elected representative. I just want to get that in there. You run for public office. So I can find you other definitions of politicians.    So just that we are clear, you are in the politics business, right? And that is what you do and that is how you earn a living.    So I just came here to say, look, the Supreme Court is going to answer this for us all. That is why we are a Nation of laws, right? And we all know where this is going. I am not a lawyer, but I happen to know this is going to go to the Fifth Circuit.    They picked the most conservative judge they could possibly find to hear this case. They didn't come to Illinois with this case, right? They didn't go to New York. They didn't even go to Nevada to pick the case. No, they went and they found the judge who had already--not him but in his district. So they went to Southern Texas.    So, look, this is going to be decided. But I just wanted to make it clear, because there seems to be some confusion, Mr. Chairman. People keep saying that what the President did was unconstitutional. And the former attorney general and now Governor, another politician in Texas, who was the attorney general, tweeted it is unconstitutional. Any of you read the decision, anybody read the decision and he said it was unconstitutional? Nope. Yet you have the Governor of the State of Texas, a former attorney general, saying it is unconstitutional.    You see the parameters were dealing in. We are dealing in political parameters on what should be an issue about how it is we deal with an immigration system.    I just want to go back to my colleagues who spoke earlier. The fact is, 4 percent, many of my colleagues like to argue the following, ``Well, why don't you just round up all the criminals and deport them?'' Because we only provide sufficient money for 4 percent. Let me repeat that: We only provide--and no one has ever come here to suggest that we should provide any more money. So it is always about the criminals and always in this context.    And even my friend, I am sorry he went, he said, oh, Mexico. Why are we always talking about Mexico? Why did that Federal judge only describe the border? What happened to the border at LAX? What happened to the one at O'Hare? What about the one in New York City, Kennedy? All of those are points of entries in which millions and millions of undocumented immigrants have come into this country, documented and have overstayed, and are part of the 11 million, and, therefore, can be provided relief under the President's order.    So my only point to you is, you are not going to deport 11 million people. This is a political case. It will be judged on its merits in the Supreme Court.    And I will just and with this, because the Chairman--Mr. Chairman, I want to find a solution to the problem, not keeping having hearings here where the four distinguished jurists who all know a lot about the law are not going to decide the case. So why don't we find a solution to the problem of our broken immigration system, so that we can provide solutions to people, because I am sure most of us would agree we should go after gangbangers, we should go after drug dealers, rapists, and murderers, and not people trying to raise their families in the United States that are caught up in a broken immigration system.    And lastly, this is a very perilous place for my friends in the majority, because you have 5 million American citizen children who are never going to forget for generations how it was you treated their mom and their dad, how it was you treated their mom and their dad, and if you treated them in a cruel manner.    That is the community. We are not a community in which the undocumented and the documented live in a caste society. No, you know what? Fourth of July, we are having hotdogs and hamburgers, and on Thanksgiving, we are having turkey all together, with our papers and without.    Mr. Gutierrez. You have been so generous, and I apologize.