    Mr. Chandler. Thank you, Chair Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, members of the committee. I really appreciate the opportunity to come talk about what is happening with NFIP on behalf both of NAHB and my organization, the Oregon Home Builders. I am the CEO of the Oregon HBA. We are a State association of the National Home Builders, and this is an issue of great interest for us across the country.    I am going to address this morning, in addition to my written testimony, the land-use problems that are created by linking the Endangered Species Act with FEMA's National Flood Insurance Program. Quite simply, it is inappropriate to use the NFIP to protect endangered species. Doing it that way adds duplicative, burdensome, and costly regulatory barriers that will prevent the development of communities in a sensible and planned fashion. It will hurt well-paying jobs, and it will increase the price of housing beyond the means of many middle-class and working families.    Courts have held recently that FEMA must consult with the National Marine Fisheries Service concerning impacts of the NFIP on endangered species. In Oregon, as you have heard, NMFS issued a biological opinion dictating the implementation of NFIP. The State of Oregon and every city and county in Oregon has invested over 40 years in comprehensive statewide land-use planning, the money that goes along with that, the infrastructure planning and development that goes along with that. But with this NMFS BiOp, those efforts will be significantly undermined, if not completely undone.    The terms of the BiOp could result in large areas of land that can no longer be developed. Under Oregon law, local governments can be held accountable for that diminution in value. What we call measure 49 holds that any Government entity that downzones or reduces by regulatory measures the value of a piece of property must provide compensation to the property owner for that diminution in value.    Many communities simply will not have the resources to cover that, and may consider, as a result, dropping out of the NFIP. But due to the mandatory requirements for building for a homeowner in a flood plain, dropping out of the NFIP could result in the homeowner defaulting on their mortgage if they can't afford or access the high cost of private flood insurance.    The courts have ruled that both mapping and the NFIP's minimum eligibility requirement criteria are discretionary. And therefore, FEMA must consult with the National Marine Fisheries Service. NAHB's position is that those supporting components should be labeled nondiscretionary, and that FEMA should not be required to consult. The maps that FEMA prepares are based solely on technical evaluations of the base flood elevation. FEMA is drawing a line on a map based on science, math, and engineering. It cannot and should not be required to draw that line simply to benefit endangered species.    Under the NMFS BiOp, if a landowner or local government seeks changes or revisions to areas in existing flood plain maps, FEMA would not be able to process that request until the owner demonstrates that all potential impacts to endangered species or the flood plain have been fully mitigated.    FEMA does not authorize or approve the construction of structures or the replacement of fill in or around flood plains, and FEMA does not require what mitigation is required. FEMA's role is to ensure that the information depicted on the maps is accurate and scientifically sound.    NAHB also believes that the minimum eligibility criteria for communities to participate in NFIP should also be nondiscretionary. The BiOp requires the square footage of new structures to be 10 percent or less of the average lot size. And to give you a sense of that, in the Pacific States, according to the Census Bureau data, the average size of a lot is 6,525 square feet. Under this requirement in the BiOp, that reduces the size of a single-story home to 652 square feet.    Now, in Oregon, where the average lot sizes are 4,000 to 5,000 square feet and 2,500-square-foot lots are not uncommon, that same 10 percent coverage requirement would have houses with a first floor--or a one-story house of 250 square feet. Compared on a national basis, the average home size is 2,500 square feet. That sort of a 10-percent requirement will dramatically hinder growth in communities where families want to live, and tramples on local government zoning authorities.    These changes are occurring on a State-by-State basis, but they have national implications to the National Flood Insurance Program. Three States are currently engaged in consultation: Florida, California, and Arizona. There are billions of dollars of home value and remodeling costs at risk. For those States combined, NAHB estimates over $400 billion of home values and over $4 billion in remodeling spending is potentially at risk. Nationwide, that would be over $1 trillion. And we add in the proposal of the Atlantic sturgeon potentially to the protected species list, it is possible that States from Georgia to Maine may be next on the NMFS consultation list.    For a lot of homebuilders, we already have to go through section 7 consultation in the development process. That protects endangered species under existing law. That is currently on the books. We don't believe this adds anything.    And in conclusion, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, we appreciate very much the opportunity to put these concerns in front of you, and look forward to working with you, going forward. I would be glad to take any questions.    Mr. Chandler. Ranking Member DeFazio, Members, I think the answer to that probably involves working for a Federal agency that isn't here.    There is no way it is salmon habitat. And that is part of the problem, I believe, with having a--what should be a science-based approach being handled as though it was a matter of philosophy.    Yes, we in Oregon--as Congressman DeFazio has indicated, we have a long history of salmon protection, of working on natural resource protection, of having urban planning that has as its objective saving resource land. To come in and say now that a main highway or a parkway in Portland or a pick your street in any of those 232 cities in Oregon is now a salmon habitat is ridiculous. And that has been part of our reaction to this, is that it simply doesn't make sense on the ground, as we have built in Oregon.    Most of you in your States, I know, the people who settled there settled near the waterways, because that would be silly to settle where there wasn't water. So most cities in this country are built around lakes, streams, rivers. Oregon is no different.    Most of our development is now, by State law and State and local planning, focused on those downtown core areas, as Congressman DeFazio indicated, to avoid urban sprawl. And what this does to that notion of taking those waterways off limits and now we, for 20 years' worth of land supply, or simply to keep up with the growing population, we expand out onto the farmland, which is exactly what the 50 years of policy in Oregon has said we should not do. And frankly, my industry supports that, and we are aghast at this, as well, that what we thought we were doing is now being changed by fiat, including, apparently, the designation of Highway 101 as a salmon habitat.    Mr. Chandler. Congressman Barletta, Members, the implications--it is a national flood insurance program. And I think FEMA, in the correspondence I have seen, has been pretty clear. They don't want to do the Oregon flood insurance program, and the Florida flood insurance program, and the California flood insurance program. So I think what you are looking at here is the template being proposed nationally.    As far as its impact in Oregon, you know, without getting too deep in the land-use weeds of my State, what this BiOp would require is a 170-foot set-back on--from the high-water mark of every stream, including ephemeral streams that only run seasonally in those 232 cities. And if you think about your own communities, or what Congressman DeFazio put on the map for Coos Bay, think of a 340-foot swath of essentially a no-build zone going through every community, or several times in that community, based on where the waters were. That is going to have a huge impact--particularly in Oregon, I suspect--because of our urban growth boundaries. But even in a State that doesn't have that, if you think about that land coming out of production, and then that development capacity of that land going someplace else in your community is going to be dramatic.    The other piece of this, of course, is that all the infrastructure planning is based upon the zoning on the books right now, whether it be Oregon or Illinois or California, it doesn't matter. Every local government is basing their infrastructure--water, sewer, roads, et cetera--on where the maps say the development is going to go if this goes into effect. And now that development goes out of those areas someplace else, then not only is the land-use pattern changed, but the infrastructure financing pattern, as well, which is going to be doubly disastrous to those communities.    Mr. Chandler. Mr. Chair, Congressman Gibbs, under current law, leaving out this RPA, if you have a 404 permit, for example, as a development project or subdivision, you have to go through consultation. That would not be changed. The only connection between the homebuilder that wasn't subject to current law and now is this RPA.    So, if we are not--if we take private flood insurance out, we are not subject to FEMA, we are not subject to NMFS thinking FEMA should do something, and now we are out of the program altogether. So we would not have to do any sort of hoop-jumping under the ESA, unless we already did under other Federal law.    Mr. Chandler. Mr. Chair, Congressman DeFazio, yes, that is a--should be a very great concern for local governments and the State, because it is part of Oregon State law. And as one of the examples of things that NMFS simply didn't ask about when they were doing this because of the lack of consultation with State or local governments--you asked an earlier question about the options that were available.    One of the reasons that nothing has happened on the moratorium side, for example, is that Oregon statutes are very restrictive about when a local government can declare a development moratorium. Keeping NMFS happy is not one of the provisions.    So, we simply cannot do that in Oregon. The measure 49 issue, the land-use issue, all of this adds up to exactly why we are very happy this issue is in front of this Congress. This needs to be resolved. This is causing--if it does forward the way it is written, with the best intentions of FEMA and the State notwithstanding, it is going to cause tremendous damage: policy damage, financial damage, local governments, private sector, across the board. And as Mayor Carruthers has indicated, in her district, probably with very little impact on the actual species, it is purported to be the basis for the regulation in the first place.