    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Napolitano, distinguished members of the committee, for this opportunity to appear before you to discuss the Tennessee Valley Authority's 2016 fiscal year budget. Before I start, I would like to acknowledge the chairman of the TVA board who is sitting right behind me, you might not can see him, Joe Ritch, who is our first chairman from the State of Alabama, and we are delighted to have him here today.    I have been at TVA for 2 years, and in that time I have been humbled by the honor and privilege of serving the 9 million people in the 7 States we work in. Those people engage with TVA in a very responsible way. They pay for all the costs incurred by TVA.    As the Chair noted, TVA's work is self-funded solely by sale to customers and power system financing in the public debt markets. In those 2 years, I have seen how TVA employees have improved relations with our customers, worked to modernize our generation portfolio, protected our natural resources, and improved nuclear and financial performance. We have had some challenges, record weather events, significant cost reduction initiatives, a stagnant economy, aging infrastructure, and the list increased, but we are meeting those challenges and strengthening our organization by focusing on our core mission: energy, environmental stewardship, and economic development.    And this mission matters as much today to the people of the region as it did in 1933, so let me begin with a brief review of TVA's operations. You know, if you are in the energy sector, your first priority has to be safety, so I am pleased to report that we are in the top decile of safety in our industry and always working to get better.    Listening to our customers has been a top priority, and the last several years we have greatly strengthened our relationships with both our local power company and direct-serve customers. Two thousand fourteen was a strong year for TVA financially where we experienced 4 percent more sales to local power companies and our highest net income since 2010. We managed to reduce our debt by more than $1 billion and are well below our $30 billion statutory debt cap. We achieved this while still funding billions of dollars of investments in our infrastructure.    We reduced costs by more than $300 million, which puts us well on our way toward a multiyear effort of $500 million in cost reductions. In 2014, TVA made its final scheduled payment to the U.S. Treasury on Congress' original investment to build the power system at TVA. So we have completely repaid the $1 billion of investment in the power system, plus interest for a total of $3.6 billion.    Our nuclear fleet is expanding and its performance is improving. All six of our nuclear units are in normal regulatory oversight with the NRC, and at our Watts Bar facility, we are 97 percent complete with the last reactor there. It is being finished the right way with safety and high quality. Once operational, this unit will supply 1,150 megawatts of safe, affordable, and carbon-free power to our customers.    In addition to nuclear capacity expansion, we are also investing in other key generating sources to ensure balance across our fleet. We are installing emission control equipment at two TVA fossil plants and constructing two plants that will be powered by natural gas. Our coal ash remediation work at Kingston where a major spill occurred in 2008 is nearly complete. The site has been returned to prespill conditions, and the area has been upgraded with many public conveniences. We are also investing roughly $2 billion to convert all of our coal ash storage from wet to dry systems.    The administration's fiscal year 2014 budget called for a strategic review of options for addressing TVA's financial situation, including the possible divestiture of TVA. So we are pleased the administration has concluded that review and acknowledged TVA's efforts to improve its operational and financial performance and our commitment to live within our capital financing requirements. As part of that review, Lazard Freres, an independent banking firm, did a strategic assessment report which concluded that allowing TVA the opportunity to follow its plan of operational improvement and sustainable financial path would be the best interest of people in the valley and of the American taxpayers. And in my view, that report validated the worth of what TVA employees do every day.    Our preliminary budget for fiscal year 2016 reflects slight load growth for the TVA region. We project revenues of $10.9 billion from the sale of electricity, operating expenses of $8.9 billion, which is a reduction of almost $600 million compared to 2014 operational expenses, and capital expenses of $2.3 billion.    Our capital expenditures include about $250 million for clean air projects and about $1 billion for new generating capacity. Our statutory debt is estimated to be slightly below $25 billion, and outstanding debt and debt-like obligations estimated to be just slightly below $27 billion at the end of 2016.    We see a slight uptick in our debt level this year, but we have a 10-year plan to reduce that debt level down to about $21 billion. So in conclusion, as I traveled throughout the region, I have become a little more enlightened about the people who rely on TVA every day. The job we do each and every day to keep rates low, manage debt, maintain our assets, and be good stewards of what we have been given, is extremely important to the people of that region. So I thank you for the opportunity to be here, and I will be delighted to answer any questions.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Congresswoman. We operate six nuclear reactors today. With the addition of Watts Bar 2, that will be seven, and we currently store all of our own used fuel. So at each of our plants we have pool storage for long-term storage.    Mr. Johnson. You can put it in the pool indefinitely but typically at least 5 years. And then you move it out into another form of storage. And currently we are using dry cask storage, large, secure, very heavily secured casks, to store the fuel on site, which can also be done indefinitely and safely. You know, there is probably a more efficient way to do this in a centralized repository of some kind, but we have the capability to do this for the life of the plant and the safe life of storing the fuel.    Mr. Johnson. Typically today you would think about 60 years at least of the useful life of the plant.    Mr. Johnson. Yes. Recycling spent fuel is done around the world, done in France, Japan, Russia. We have not done it here. Some of the things that President Carter did in nonproliferation kept us from recycling, and also historically it hasn't been economical as compared to making new fuel, but we never took into account the storage question. So I hope we do get to recycling here because there is a lot of energy left in the fuel that we could reuse.    Mr. Johnson. That is the plan, yes, sir.    Mr. Johnson. Yes. There are basically two elements of our financing, which is debt and rates. We can raise rates. And our general plan over the next 10 years is to reduce our operating costs, be much more effective, incrementally raise rates, get through a big capital spending, and reduce our capital spending, and then bend that debt curve down, which I think by about 2023 should be $20 billion or $21 billion.    Mr. Johnson. Our average expense is about 10 percent of our total, so $1 billion in interest expense.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, it was actually in Mississippi. We bought a gas plant recently in Mississippi.    Mr. Johnson. No. It is in Mississippi.    Mr. Johnson. I am pro everything, but mostly I am pro consumer. And so the reason we would buy a gas plant instead of retrofitting an older plant is because it is the cheapest way to serve the consumer. So, we got a very good price on this gas plant, and natural gas is fairly reasonably priced and projected to be so for a long time; so this is the best move for our consumers.    Mr. Johnson. Yeah. So after Kingston, we surveyed all of our coal storage facilities to make sure they were stable and sound, and we developed a plan about that timeframe, spent $2 billion. This is mostly bottom ash that is not reusable, so our plan is to dry out the ponds and to cap them and rehabilitate the area. They will be brownfield sites, but they will be drained, capped, and suitable for repurposing. So we don't plan to use much of that. If we can find a use for it, as a beneficial reuse, we will, but we will cap and drain them.    Mr. Johnson. No, we are going to make sure it doesn't affect anybody's drinking water or get in the aquifer. The way to do this is pretty well known. You dry out the ponds, you don't put anymore wet material in them, you cap them with a liner, a nonpermeable liner, you put clay over it, and you put grass over it. You know, a lot of people are looking at recycling opportunities, the Electric Power Research Institute and others, and if we can find a way to use it beneficially, that would be the first preference.    Mr. Johnson. No, no, we don't have any Superfund sites. So we do brownfield restoration. I am hoping we can attract industry, that kind of reuse on the sites, so put jobs back on those sites.