    Dr. Gosar. Mr. Clark, did I just hear you say you wouldn't take new data in?    Dr. Gosar. Did I just hear you answer my colleague that you wouldn't take new data in, because there is so much data out there, floating around, you have plenty of it?    Dr. Gosar. Oh. Well, please explain to me, then, cancer research. Because you can't get enough data.    I am going to take another question for you. Are you familiar with the Paleozoic Era and the Mesozoic Era?    Dr. Gosar. I mean, once again, you have to learn from your past to go forward. And when we make these comments, you have to be held accountable.    Do you know that 80 percent of all marine life in the Paleozoic Era went extinct? Was there climate change there? Absolutely. Unlike my colleague from Texas that said four seasons, climate change has been happening without man forever. Geology tells us that. Would you not agree, Dr. Christy?    Dr. Gosar. And part of the problem is--I am from Arizona, by the way, OK? So we invested in infrastructure. We built dams for reserves, we actually put water in the ground. We bank. So we are better off than California is, that keeps flushing water because they haven't built those processes.    Ms. Goldfuss, my colleague over there talked about these court cases, the Federal court cases, 2701. You are very familiar with that, right? Those 2701 court cases in the Federal courts, right?    Dr. Gosar. But you are following the court cases.    Dr. Gosar. And you are advising the President on that.    Dr. Gosar. Who has the highest legal opinion in the land? Would it be the Supreme Court?    Dr. Gosar. So why would you be advising the President in going forward even at all from another agency called Waters of the U.S.? We have four Supreme Court rulings that defy EPA from going there. I find it kind of contradicting that we are citing when we want to cite, but then, on the other hand, we don't cite the Supreme Court ruling, the highest of the land of the Federal courts, in that jurisdiction. I find that kind of interesting, don't you?    Dr. Gosar. But what that means is that you need to come back to Congress to work the law. Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Martella?    Dr. Gosar. Yes. Now, let's go back to the NEPA. I mean NEPA is not really transparent.    I am from rural America. By the way, I have had to deal with the Forest Service. So it has been--in Arizona, catastrophic fires, I have had to deal with them, 19 firefighters dying in the Prescott and Yarnell fire, the Wallow fire, the largest fire in Arizona history. There are consequences in these aspects, and I am one of those pushing that we have to do something different.    We don't know a lot about ecosystems, because we have gotten it wrong, particularly in Arizona. We know some of the things, but we are off on a lot of these aspects.    The timetable for NEPA--and time is money. I am a dentist, by the way, so very calibrated. Do you know it takes, like, to infinity and beyond in rural America to get a NEPA done? Would you address that, Ms. Goldfuss?    Dr. Gosar. Oh, I----    Dr. Gosar. I have to stop you right there. So the categorical exclusions. But let's focus on the ones that actually go through. Those are the cases that are most important, because once you get that niche, everything becomes non-categorical exclusions, because NEPA applies all the way across the board. Does it not, then?    Dr. Gosar. I have run out of time, so I will have more for you to follow. Thank you.