    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, General, thank you very much for joining us this morning. I was impressed by what I saw on the CODEL 2 weeks ago, with the progress that you have made.    And I share the chairman's view of the situation in Iraq, where I think that all the progress that we made, or much of the progress we made during the surge, has now been squandered by withdrawing too quickly and not providing the ongoing political and diplomatic support that we frankly knew was necessary, that Ambassador Crocker and General Petraeus called for at the end of the surge.    So, I am interested to hear from you what specifically you are doing differently in Afghanistan this time around. And I will add that I have the highest respect for President Ghani, but I am not interested in hearing what is different about our partner, because I think that after you invest trillions of dollars of our national treasure, after you invest thousands of lives, we shouldn't leave the eventual success of our mission up to the whims of our partner.    So I am interested in what you and the U.S. effort there is doing differently from Iraq.    General Campbell. Sir, thanks for the question. And again, thank you for visiting our troops there. I apologize for not being there. I was back here doing the SASC testimony as you were forward.    So I would think--again, I spent 19--18, 19 months in Iraq as a one-star back in 2006, 2007 during the surge, inside of Baghdad. And I think the fundamental difference for me is really the Afghan security forces and their leadership and their determination to make sure--they see the news, they see the media.    They understand what is going on with Iraq. And they have personally told me, many of the senior leadership, that they will not let happen to Afghanistan what happened to Iraq.    You know, during the political instability last fall many people thought that they would divide among the ethnic fractures, which is what happened inside of Iraq. In Afghanistan they did not do that, despite a lot of talk. In fact, they solidified around that and took that as a point of pride to make sure that they didn't fracture, and that they were above that, and that they were a national force, and they take great pride in doing that.    I think the training that I have seen for the most part is all Afghan-led training. I was out in the 207th Corps in Herat a couple weeks ago and kind of unannounced I said let's--I asked the corps commander, ``Let's go look at some training.'' He took me to medical training, to some of their marksmanship training. I saw them clearing buildings.    Again, this was unannounced----    Mr. Moulton. General, with all due respect, that is fantastic news, but that is what the Afghans are doing and that is how the Afghans are doing things differently than the Iraqis. But what are we doing to ensure that?    I mean, President Ghani is a great partner today. He could, you know--God willing, this won't happen, but he could be gone tomorrow.    So what sort of backstops are we putting in place to ensure that if this does start to head south for any reason, we can recover and we won't end up with a situation like we had with Prime Minister Maliki in Iraq?    General Campbell. Sir, now thanks. I think really for me the continued train, advise, assist at the ministry level and what we are doing with the MOD and the MOI , and all levels of both those organizations that control the army, that control the police.    We are working on their transparency, accountability, oversight. We are working on their planning, programming, and budgeting. We are working on their sustainment. We are working on their planning capability. We are working on their strategic communications. Working on their intelligence.    These are all essential functions that we think they need to continue to have, you know, as we come out of there. And I think our continued work in those areas at the ministry levels will continue to help that.    The other piece is that they are looking hard at ensuring that they are a professional army and a professional police. And they have leadership courses that continue to go on. They pick bright leaders at all the ranks and bring them into special courses on leadership, and they understand the leadership makes a difference--I think different from what you saw in Iraq.    Mr. Moulton. Are you seeing the State Department devote the level of resources needed to continue this mentorship and support at--on their diplomatic side of the house?    General Campbell. We have a great relationship with Ambassador McKinley and the folks, you know, right--we are connected right next to embassy there. They don't do the MOD and MOI, but they are engaged in all the other ministries and the NGOs there, and I do think that they are very dedicated and they continue to work very hard.    Again, all the coalition, all the state department of all the different embassies are all there because they are passionate about where Afghanistan could go in the future. They are excited about the future of Afghanistan.    I think everybody is working very hard, and the fact that what has happened in Iraq has been on the news, this gives them more determination to say, ``This ain't gonna happen here.''    Mr. Moulton. And just my last question, just to ensure that we are maintaining our commitment to the long-term stability of Afghanistan, as you said in your earlier--in your spoken testimony, what is the ongoing financial commitment of the United States to make that happen?    General Campbell. Sir, we are looking very, very hard at how we continue to be more efficient and how we can reduce that, but it is about--for 2015 about $4.1 billion; and looking at fiscal year 2016 I think I have got that down to about $3.8 billion because of some efficiencies that we have garnered both in their forces and in how we operate, and we will continue to look at that very, very hard. They are very dependent upon the U.S. and all the other donor nations to have this army and police they have, absolutely.    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, General.    Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. Ms. Stefanik.