    Mr. Coy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Takano, and other members of this subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to be here today to discuss legislation pertaining to VA economic opportunity programs. Accompanying me today is Cathy Mitrano, Deputy Assistant Secretary for the Office of Research Management.    We are here to discuss several impactful bills. We will defer to our colleagues at Labor and Defense on those that pertain to their programs.    With respect to H.R. 2275, Jobs for Veterans Act, while we appreciate the committee's focus on improving employment and economic opportunity for veterans by consolidating various programs, VA does not support the bill. VA believes there is currently an appropriate management structure in place to oversee veteran programs in a collaborative environment.    VA is pleased, however, to see several bills that seek to improve our vocational rehabilitation and employment services to our wounded warriors and disabled veterans. We support the intent and purpose of most of the provisions of these bills and would like to work with the committee to ensure the bill language meets that intent. For example, a requirement to ensure voc rehab courses of education meet the same requirements as those for the GI Bill. We are currently doing so.    Less than 1 percent of voc rehab plans have courses that are not GI Bill approved, but there are occasional instances where veterans' requirements cannot be met with GI Bill courses. We agree that voc rehab housing modifications are best managed by our Specially Adaptive Housing grant experts in our Loan Guarantee Service, but the bill as written may not meet the intent or have unintended consequences.    VA supports the intent to prioritizing VRE services and currently tries to do just that through our IDES program and ensuring seriously and very seriously injured veterans receive VRE appointments within 10 days and have established plans within 30 days. Conducting a complete study, likely with contractor support and to include input from our various stakeholders, would certainly take time and resources.    VA supports and appreciates the intent of reducing redundancy and inefficiencies in the IT process for VRE claims. We are currently working with our Office of Information Technology for a new case management system. This effort would complement that effort subject to availability of appropriated funds.    Another bill would require VA to develop and publish an action plan for improving and in training and rehabilitation services for our VRE clients. While we support this effort, we believe we are currently focusing on these issues, and we would be happy to discuss some of those efforts.    With respect to the VA Accountability Act of 2015, VA will continue to work with the committee and VSOs on how the Secretary can best hold employees accountable while preserving the ability to recruit and retain highly skilled workforce that VA needs to best serve veterans.    VA supports the intent behind the Career-Ready Veterans Act; however, we do not support the bill as currently drafted and would be happy to work with the committee to ensure the language meets that intent. We agree that courses or programs of instruction should ensure students can meet the licensure and certification requirements of a state's particular vocation. If a veteran is using their well-earned GI Bill benefits to become a barber or a nurse, the program should prepare them to be obtain a barber certificate or a nursing license. We are ready to work with the committee to address any inconsistencies in that bill.    VA fully supports the workstudy program for a student veterans act that expands the program to those efforts previously expired in 2013 and extending the current expiration date.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. We would be pleased to respond to any questions you or other members of the subcommittee may have. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Coy. If I may, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask Ms. Mitrano to address that specific question.    Mr. Coy. When we looked at this particular bill, we indicated that we supported, you know, the intent to improve and expand, but we think we are doing much of this. And so we are not necessarily opposed to the intent of this bill.    We are looking at the entire VRE organization over the past several years, as has been noted by a few folks. We are streamlining a number of our business processes. We have developed new performance metrics, both on a regional level and on a national level. We developed a staffing model for each of our regional offices to ensure that we are putting assets where we need to do that.    We put together a national training curriculum that includes things like TBI and PTSD, job-seeking skills, but also working with other key agencies like the Veterans Health Administration and their mental health services to ensure that we are serving those veterans with PTSD and TBI in the right way.    We have worked with DOL. We just recently, only a short time ago, back in February, signed a memorandum of understanding that took a number of months for us to put together so we can work more collaboratively. We have worked with DoD on IDES and improved TAP programs. We have looked at our VetSuccess on Campus program. We have developed telecounseling.    So when we look at the wide swath of the things that we are doing in VRE, we are not suggesting that we are doing it all and we have all the right answers; what we are suggesting is that we are going down a path that is doing all of those kinds of things.    Mr. Coy. And I think we have indicated that, you know, a study like this would be timely and somewhat costly. But, in fact, we are not necessarily opposed to the intent of wanting to take an inward look at all of our programs.    Mr. Coy. Well, we think, when we look at the GAO studies, we have looked at all the previous studies, we are, in fact, following many of those recommendations that we are doing right now.    Mr. Coy. I would like to, if I may, defer that to Ms. Mitrano, who is here to answer for VA's----    Ms Rice. Oh, okay.