    Ms. DAVIS. Good morning, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and also Congressman Meeks. I am honored to be here today to testify.    My name is Nekisia Davis. I'm the owner of Early Bird Foods in Red Hook, Brooklyn. We're a very small manufacturer of granola and granola bars. As Ranking Member Velazquez says, I started the company when I was managing a restaurant in Brooklyn called Franny's. I brought granola in to co-workers, and there was kind of like a small cult that was formed, and it was within a year that I was a full-time granola maker.    To say that I had no idea what I was doing is a giant understatement. I had been fumbling into being a small business owner every step of the way. I feel like I'm at a table of people who are so articulate and know exactly what they're doing, and I am learning every day. Every single day I learn how to be a better businessperson, and I think I'm definitely not one of few. There are a lot of people that are in the same industry as me that are kind of doing the same thing.    We now have six full-time employees, two part-time employees. We have many selling channels. We distribute our goods throughout the United States, very soon to China, Japan, the United Kingdom. I sell direct to a lot of stores in the U.S., and then also we have pretty good Web site sales.    I think we tapped into something that was very familiar that we approached in a unique way. I developed a palate through working at some of the best restaurants in New York that allowed me to kind of approach in a new way in how to make it. It's been very successful. Within the first 3 months of my business, I was on the Martha Stewart Show making granola with Martha. I had a write-up in the New York Times, New York Magazine. I was on the shelf at Whole Foods--that was my second account--all because of the community that I've created through working in restaurants and food with chefs and wonderful people here in this city.    At that time, it felt like small food manufacturing in this city was in its infancy. It was difficult to find a place to legally produce food, and no one really knew what to do or how to do it. You certainly couldn't make it in your kitchen, and you didn't really know what the other option was. I kind of fumbled around to a couple of different office cooperatives. I landed in an incubator kitchen in Coney Island where I would have to lug 50-pound bags of oats and sunflower seeds into my car, load them into the kitchen, and, 1, 2, 3, go, bake as hard and fast as I could, package, label, clean, load back into my car, bring it back home, and come back and do the same thing the next day. It was a very, very challenging time.    I took out a very small loan from a friend, built out a space in 2001. It was 900 square feet. I quickly realized within a week it had improper electric to run all the equipment I needed, and I was there for 4 years doing kind of a gamble, a jump around and forth.    Two years ago, I was able to take out a business loan. I had been in business for 5 years, and I had a bank that believed in me, which I was very proud of. We built a warehouse and commercial kitchen in Red Hook, and I fear that we'll outgrow it probably in another 2 years, although I have a lease secured for another 8.    We have had very, very good luck in business. We've always been a business people love. I was raised in the way of the Danny Meyer hospitality. You have to run your business with compassion and empathy, and take care of your people first, take care of your customers second. It's worked very well, and I think that it resonates well with people. We have very, very loyal customers because of it.    Now, in all this sweet hippy granola fest, we have a lot of challenges. The number one challenge for me is workers' comp insurance. We are in a classification of manufacturing, and I don't know if I share the same issue with people at the table here, but we pay 3 times the rate of a cook in a restaurant kitchen, and that is a very high-risk job. The highest risk that I have in my kitchen is someone getting a burn on their arm. It's just very, very low risk. We're baking oats in an oven, and letting them cool, and putting them into a bag. The numbers I pay for workers' comp are astronomical. There's no one that I can talk to or convince that these rates are not appropriate to the amount of risk that we have.    Another issue has been with landlord-tenant relations. I feel like a landlord to provide a safe place for us to do business, to help facilitate business is just a given. I've had a lot of problems with landlords not having equipment that's working properly, and it really, really hinders our business. I had a freight elevator in my last kitchen go down for 3 weeks with no attempt to get it fixed. I had a P.O. that was supposed to go out to Whole Foods. I mean, my business was pretty paralyzed for 3 weeks. Thousands and thousands of dollars of business was lost.    When I attempted to negotiate a rent break from the landlord because of the loss in business, not only were we not helped out, but we were turned against. We were discriminated against as women, being told that we didn't know what we were doing because we're women in business. He turned against us, he sued us, doubled our rent, and evicted us, and we had no power at all.    I think the final thing beyond those struggles, obviously getting capital to buy bigger, save money, it's very, very difficult. I acquired capital to build out the kitchen where I am now, and I just can't have access to anymore because I have such a large amount that's borrowed. We have excellent credit. We have excellent annual revenue. We just don't have access to anything. We are trying to keep up and grow at the same time. It's very a paralyzing feeling. Cash flow is growing smaller by the day.    I want to thank you again, and say in these moments we have to zoom out and remember this is one moment in a long journey. To have the collaboration and the care from the three of you is very comforting. Again, I'm honored to be here today.    Ms. DAVIS. Well, I think the biggest challenge is to try to get it to a place where they can sell it. There are so many costs that are involved in shipping. Me saying that we distribute to China, this is the first round of going to China. The taxes on goods that come in I think is something like 30 percent, and I don't know where that can be minimized, but that is a huge, huge challenge is to get the goods, which are already very expensive. My profit margins are right where they need to be in order to keep going just to try to get pricing.    When we do work with a distributor, it is really for kind of one place, and there does not seem to be a whole lot of expansion possible. I work with one distributor that sells to markets and dispensers in London, but that is the only person they sell to.    Ms. DAVIS. No.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ.--to help you in that regard?    Ms. DAVIS. No.    Ms. DAVIS. I started alone and was alone for several years. I now have a team of eight including me, and we have been in business for 7 years.    Ms. DAVIS. I have not really, and honestly I am not too aware of what is available to me. I think that is simply because I spend most of my time chasing people for money to pay my Amex bill. To be completely honest, to even imagine spending enough time to devote to get into one of those systems or in one of the programs, it is seems overwhelming, and maybe it is not. But I have not ever because of that.    Ms. DAVIS. Yeah.    Ms. DAVIS. No.    Ms. DAVIS. I think it is difficult to answer that question because I work with distributors that handle a lot of the exportation, and the people that I export to have come to me as most of our accounts have. I am like a business unicorn in that way. We are really, really lucky. I do not have a good answer for you.    Ms. DAVIS. I would hit up the international distributors for that information because they are really the ones that are going back and forth and dealing with taxes, and laws, and tariffs, and transportation. I just have to get my pallets down to them in a container, and then they take it from there.    Ms. DAVIS. Just a small thing. When you said bring it into the language of the people who it needs to apply to, I actually thought you meant the difference in governmental language and the language of most people.    Ms. DAVIS. I am not in government. I am not anyone that is involved in government. Any time things are simplified, bullet points, to bring us into programs is so easy. A good example of this I think Oscar Health Insurance. It is a health insurance company that basically makes things click, click, click easy. There is a picture. There is a big button. There is an app. It is so easily accessible. I feel like you would just attract a lot more people to these programs if it were simple.    Ms. DAVIS. Yeah. I mean, make it like a kid, whatever you need to do.    Ms. DAVIS. Thank you.