    Mr. Chabot. Thank you very much, and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important hearing. I mean, there is no question that the world has had a problem for a long time with respect to North Korea, particularly their leadership. Whether the grandfather or the father or the son now, they are all equally as crazy, I am afraid, particularly the newest one.    But their own people continue to suffer and to starve. They are the most politically isolated country on the globe. Despite that, they continue--they have absolute contempt for most of the rest of the world, including their neighbors. And with this fourth now in the last number of years nuclear tests, and we have reason to believe it is hydrogen, although that hasn't been confirmed necessarily yet, but, nonetheless, it is terribly disturbing.    I think every administration, from the Clinton administration to the Bush administration to the Obama administration has failed with respect to North Korea, and that is most unfortunate. And now with the increasing sophistication of their missile systems, the United States is at risk as well. But two countries that are even more at risk at, obviously, South Korea and Japan.    And as my colleague, Mr. Rohrabacher from California indicated, China is the key here. China is the only country that has any real influence over North Korea. And the only thing that is going to get China's attention is if those two countries, Japan and South Korea, seriously consider nuclear programs of their own. That is the only thing that is going to get China's attention. It is the last thing China wants.    And so I would urge those two countries to think seriously about this. I am not encouraging them to do it, but even thinking about it and discussing it I think will get China's attention. And maybe China will finally act to put the pressure on North Korea necessary to get them to back off this insanity of one of the poorest countries in the world spending all their money on nuclear weaponry to threaten the rest of the world.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.