    Mr. Bianculli. Thank you, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee, for the opportunity to testify before you today.    I am the Vice President of the Emerging Technology Office at Zebra Technologies Corporation in Lincolnshire, Illinois. With nearly $4 billion in annual revenue, Zebra is a global market leader in a number of advanced technologies, including the Internet of Things and the related area of wearable technology.    While many Americans may not recognize Zebra by name, they come into contact with our solutions every day. For example, the barcode labels that are prominently featured on airline bag tags, express delivery packages, and pharmaceutical prescription bottles are often generated by a Zebra barcode label printer and tracked and managed by Zebra scanners, mobile computers, and wireless infrastructure.    Our pioneering technology vision and trusted enterprise solutions, particularly our wearables that are the focus of today's hearing, are dedicated to helping business, Government, and nonprofits make smarter decisions and take smarter actions by providing them with realtime visibility and mission-critical information in an ever-more-efficient manner.    Zebra commends the subcommittee for hosting this series of hearings on technological disrupters. Mr. Chairman, I will stress five key points.    First, let me begin with Zebra's role in the wearable market. Zebra's leadership in this market derives from our recreation of the overall wearables product category nearly 25 years ago. With the launch of our wrist-mounted terminal and ring scanner in 1992, we invented the first handheld laser barcode scanner, the first barcode printer, and the first WiFi-enabled mobile computer. We remain at the very forefront of breakthrough innovation as we continue to create wearables that go from the wrist and hand, as you see before me, to lanyards and heads-up computing solutions.    Second, we commend the subcommittee for its recognition of the wearable category as a disrupter. Wearables earn this status because they empower workers with total hands-free mobility in a manner that also provides instant access to business-critical information.    Instead of needing multiple devices that are all directed by hand, wearables enable new levels of productivity by providing employees with tools that marry natural language interaction with immediately available information, be it visual, verbal, or augmenting the user's physical reality.    Imagine, Mr. Chairman, a simple verbal command that provides a worker with full access to data and subject matter expertise in realtime. Imagine, further, the same worker using another verbal command to respond back and transmit data or pictures to a main office, aremotely located colleague, or to another machine. Now imagine having that ability while suspended high above the ground repairing the electrical grid or working inside an aircraft, no hands required. Wearable technology makes it happen.    Third, I would like to offer a quick look into the future. Awareness and acceptance of smartphone technology has grown at a tremendous pace and has built the foundation for wearable device adoption. Current technologies will continue to evolve and revolutionize the way people instinctively work with computers and intuitively interact with their virtual or augmented reality environments. It is not an overstatement to say that the possibilities of these devices are limitless.    Over the next few years, they will get smaller with technological improvements in computing, analytics, power, and display optics. As part of this trend, we will continue to advance our portfolio of wearables. We are presently focused on developing an augmented reality wearable system for true hands-free application, providing a future solutions approach for uninterrupted workflow and opening up the possibilities of what realtime, eye-level information can do.    Fourth, the economic benefits of wearables come from its significant impact on productivity across virtually every industry and economic sector. This is because visual computing or the ability to work hands-free while receiving eye-level information will drive a major paradigm shift in how we, as humans, directly interface with computers. Visual or hands-free computing will enable this kind of frictionless, uninterrupted workflow. Even a small increase in the efficiency of manufacturing or warehouse workers through wearables could bring a profound economic benefit to our economy.    Fifth and finally, we urge Congress and the administration to take a light touch where wearable technology is concerned, for the same reasons that many in industry as well as in Congress and the administration have advocated for a light regulatory approach to the Internet of Things.    The primary challenge is to allow for the rapid development, deployment, and subsequent advancement of wearables in a manner that simultaneously addresses concerns over data, security, and encryption. The goal is to encourage technologies which provide enhanced, secure, and realtime visibility and access to information in a way that empowers workers to undertake more effective and timely decisions and actions.    To this end, Mr. Chairman, Zebra stands ready work with the subcommittee inadvancing policies which keep the United States at the leading edge of this exciting technology. And I again thank you for the opportunity to provide our views on wearables, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Bianculli. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Bianculli. Bianculli, yes.    Mr. Bianculli. Sure.    Mr. Bianculli. Yes. Absolutely. Thank you, Congressman.    Looking in the manufacturing sector and breaking it down really into kind of three major components: raw materials coming into a manufacturing facility, those raw materials being processed in the outbound side of that where the goods are sorted, picked, packed, loaded, and then transported down the supply chain. Some of the early adoption we are seeing for the kinds of wearables I spoke about, which is basically being able to capture and get the right information in front of a worker in real time have been on the third category, picking, packing, sorting.    Think about an eCommerce order that is being built, think about an order that is coming from a manufacturer to a distribution center, being able to sort the goods, load those goods, be able to optimize the volumetric efficiency of those goods onto a trailer or onto a pallet for distribution. A lot of these cases, we are starting to see be adopted or using wearables to seamlessly present information in front of the user as they are going through their workflow to be able to get the right goods in the right place, to be able to optimize the way they are loaded onto vehicles, and to be able to get them down and through the supply chain faster than they have previously.    So it is really about worker productivity. I use the word in my testimony about frictionless workflow, so think about it as taking the--literally taking the friction out of the workflow and allowing workers to simply get their job done and let the technology take a back seat and just augment their capabilities    Mr. Bianculli. Certainly. Yes, we are seeing a host of opportunities. Something I would call--the movement in the consumer space has really been around Fitbit and these other--Adidas as well--around something called quantified self. So quantifying my behaviors, and what we are seeing in the enterprise markets is quantifying environments, quantifying workflow, you fundamentally can't improve what you can't measure. And so the use cases we are seeing are capturing those trapped inefficiencies that are there because we are not able to quantify what is happening in a given workflow, and basically, you could think about it as, you know, in a large tier 1 transportation company who might employ, or large retailer who might employ 300,000 people to restock shelves every evening in a retail store, understanding the workflow of each one of those 300,000 workers, which ones are performing in the best ways possible, and then helping the others to be able to achieve that level of performance by quantifying the environment.    Mr. Bianculli. So lots of opportunities around quantifying the workflow.    Mr. Bianculli. Congressman.    Mr. Bianculli. Congressman Bilirakis, I would say we break this down to two components. One is the input side of wearables, so being able to collect information about a particular workflow or what is happening in a given environment. So that is the input side. Think of that as Internet of Things sensor connectivity.    And then the wearable instructive part of this, which is being able to aim somebody in the right direction, being able to give them information on their wrist or a heads-up presentation of information while they are going through a workflow.    So think about the input side as being the Internet of Things of wearables, and think about the output side as being an efficient mechanism for being able to consume the data that is generated by the Internet of Things sensing technology.    Mr. Bianculli. Yes, certainly. We had mentioned in the testimony that we developed wearable categories in the early 1990s actually, particularly for warehouse workers. And that has evolved over the last 25 years. And so one of the capabilities we have today is a wrist-mount mobile computer that is worn on the wrist of a user inside of a warehouse or a distribution center-type facility; a ring scanner that is able to image, take images, and also read machine-readable codes, like bar codes, inside of a warehouse-type environment.    And so a user as they are, for instance, loading a vehicle with goods that are coming from, say, an e-commerce order online, they are scanning those packages with that scanner that is mounted to their hand, loading them into the vehicle. Their hands are staying free--again, back to the frictionless notion before--allowing them to get their work done without having the technology get in the way.    And so this is a probably very early example of application of wearable inside the enterprise space. We have got the Bluetooth ring scanner connected to a mobile computer on the wrist. That mobile computer on the wrist is connected over a WiFi network back to the IT systems of some of these major carriers.    The second example, and a more recent one, and one that we continue to invest in and we are going to see more of over the next 3 to 5 years, is this notion of eye-level information. So being able to have a device, as I am showing here, be worn on the head and then present through a screen which, if you look at the screen just a couple inches from your eye, it is going to look like a 15-inch laptop screen floating right in front of you.    So if you think about working on an aircraft, where you may have several hundred thousand pages of schematic drawings about that aircraft, being able to bring up just the right drawing at the right moment that tells me what procedure I should do. Similarly, in battlefield and Government applications, where you might be working on a tank or a piece of heavy machinery out in the field, not having to deal with multiple devices, laptops competing with the sun and everything else that can get in the way, simply be able to pull that information up on the screen; or be able to, via the camera that is mounted on this, send the video that I am seeing, the particular piece of apparatus that I am looking at, back to a remote expert who can then talk me through a scenario for repair.    Thank you.