    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much. We have a vote on the floor of the House, but I indicated that this was so important and provocative, I'm going to try to be as quickly as I can. And be as successful as the on-site kick was last evening.    But let me try to get to the government. Mr. Wolf and our two distinguished State Department representatives, you have had a series of questions by members. Can I get a yes-or-no answer that you are going back to the drawing board. We know that there is an agreement that's going to be coming forward, suggestions and ideas, to give us an opportunity to go back to this issue again, Ms. Ganzer. But am I sensing that you understand that there needs to be a regulatory revisit on these issues?    Mr. Wolf, yes or no, please?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Ms. Ganzer?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Van Diepen?    Ms. Jackson Lee. All right. Let me--and we have opportunities for the agreement itself coming--going forward. But let me--let me try to pointedly get back to our experts here and say, this reminds me of the DMCA, which Congress did pass, but negatively impacted encryption research. And interestingly enough, all of us are talking about encryption now.    So I want to get to the point of saying where we are in terms of impacting you and the new partnerships. The President just had meetings with those in Silicon Valley. We know that we are intertwined together.    May I start with Mr. Garfield to find out from you how much this will impact negatively research, and getting to the solutions of what we are interested in as you represent your vast number of participants?    Mr. Garfield?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, and I don't necessarily like it for starting over, but I like it for the forthright way that you're saying that we have an issue that needs serious attention.    Let me just go quickly to Ms. Goodwin and Mr. Mulholland. And, Mr. Mulholland, I think it was you that said, all options are on the table. I have introduced H.R. 85, Terrorism Prevention and Critical Infrastructure and Protection Act, which deals with identifying threats, isolating damaging activities, but really, wants to work with industry on these elements. But if I can just get you to answer the question. As I said, I'm speaking fast only because my colleagues are here and we are voting. But to get to the point of what the impact would be if we do not fix it. And Mr. Mulholland as well, and I think we have Ms. McGuire there as well. And let me thank Dr. Schneck very much for the work she's done with us in Homeland Security.    Ms. Goodwin.    Ms. Jackson Lee. That would not work.    Mr. Mulholland.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. I want to get Ms. McGuire. And I'm going to let Dr. Schneck, Ms. Schneck, just finish, that Homeland Security is committed to working, too. Ms. McGuire, in this brief moment.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. Ms. Schneck, Homeland Security----    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank the chairman and Ms. Kelly so very much for your kindness. And may I ask unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, thank the witnesses, to submit into the record from the Internet Association a letter dated January 12, 2016.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much, Mr. Chairman.