    Mr. Montoya. Thank you, Chairman Duffy, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee. I am David Montoya, the Inspector General of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. I want to thank you for the opportunity to testify today regarding our investigative and audit work of legal and ethical issues at the Department, including lobbying activities, its improper use of agreements under the Intergovernmental Personnel Act, and other investigations of HUD employees' misconduct. My written testimony outlines a number of our concerns.    While we are encouraged by the positive involvement of Secretary Castro and Deputy Secretary Coloretti, our work does continue. On February 26th of last year, I testified before this subcommittee regarding our investigation of HUD lobbying activities. I recounted the series of events and lapses in judgment that resulted in HUD engaging in grassroots lobbying activities.    While our investigation did not result in criminal prosecution, it demonstrated an institutional failure to follow HUD's own existing internal policies. This led to placing the Department and its second highest-ranking official, the former Deputy Secretary, into a comprising situation, one that leaves an impression of lapses in judgment and unethical decision-making by high-ranking officials.    In that matter, officials attempted to impede our investigation by withholding information and threatening my investigating agents. In response to our report of investigation, HUD took no formal disciplinary action.    I am here today to state that unfortunately, we have encountered another example of senior officials bending the rules and engaging in what I consider misconduct. Over the last 5 months, we have issued two reports concerning HUD's appointment of the Deputy Director of the Council of Large Public Housing Authorities, known as CLPHA, to HUD's Office of Public and Indian Housing's (PIH's) policymaking division that was responsible for developing the regulations applicable to the entities CLPHA represents.    In essence, HUD appointed someone who represented the regulated to be in charge of developing the regulations. We believe the former Assistant Secretary and former Deputy General Assistant Secretary for PIH may have committed prohibitive personnel practices and created an inherent conflict of interest in doing so. More troubling is that once inside HUD, CLPHA's Deputy Director attempted to deregulate public housing agency reporting requirements and loosen oversight of public--or PIH programs to align with the agenda set forth by CLPHA and other similar industry groups.    These two events alone illustrate what can happen when senior officials veer from the course of ethical decision-making, skirt the edges, and act in a manner that is not in the government's best interest.    The inappropriate and sometimes illegal actions by a small group of HUD employees detract from what my experience has shown me to be the norm, which is that the vast majority of HUD employees are hard-working, dedicated civil servants. In fact, many of these cases have come to us by conscientious employees who are frustrated that their managers have not addressed these issues and allegations.    In some of these cases, we see a failure to adhere to existing policies and procedures, or we see a breakdown in responsibility. Particularly troubling to me is when information is withheld from my office or employees demonstrate a lack of candor with, or even threaten, OIG agents and yet HUD takes no action.    It is a fact that poor actions and behavior are human in nature and will occur throughout any industry or entity, private or government. HUD is not alone. But what I believe is important is what an organization does after such behavior is detected to discipline, and create an ethical culture in the workplace. It is my opinion that HUD has failed in both.    One cannot ignore the fact that for the past several years HUD has consistently ranked near the bottom in annual surveys of the most desirable Federal agency to work for. Misconduct and unethical behavior, particularly by high-ranking officials, does not, in my view, serve to enhance this unfavorable image. Employee morale also suffers when employees observe that misconduct is not dealt with and the offending employees are allowed to remain in their positions virtually unpunished.    It is in HUD's best interest that they address misconduct. Because according to a 2013 national business ethics survey conducted by the Ethics Resource Center, when employees observe misconduct on the job, their engagement drops by nearly 30 percent.    I do want to express my appreciation for Secretary Castro's effort to encourage HUD employees to cooperate with my office. Indeed, he issued a jointly-signed letter with me to all HUD employees outlining his expectations. I look forward to working with the Department and the Congress to ensure that HUD programs and personnel operate in a legal and ethical manner.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak today, and I am happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Montoya. Thank you for that question, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Mincberg has left the organization. Nothing--no personnel action, if you will, took place against him prior to his leaving, but he has left the organization.    Mr. Montoya. Left on his own. He resigned, yes, sir. With regards to the Deputy Secretary, he left and took another position with the State. Nothing happened with him, although our investigation did not suggest that he had any real direct involvement in the email, and may have been unknown with regards to the email contact list.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir. I think last time I testified, I classified it as ``ill-advised.'' He was ill-advised by his attorneys who should have kept him from this situation.    Mr. Montoya. And with regards to Mr. Constantine, I believe he may have been issued a reprimand or an oral counseling, which we would not consider a personnel action--oral counseling.    Mr. Montoya. No, no.    Mr. Montoya. He is still the ethics official for HUD.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. The evidence suggested that Mr. Mincberg had several conversations within his hallway about this more aggressive lobbying. I did fault Mr. Constantine for not taking more of an aggressive approach himself in asking the question, what is it you are talking about? Especially because it dealt with the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary.    Mr. Montoya. We had to interview him 3 times. So to the extent that he was willing to be interviewed--    Mr. Montoya. It is not unheard of that we interview somebody several times if we need to go back for additional information. In his case we, quite frankly, didn't feel that the story was straight. So that is why we interviewed him 3 times.    Mr. Montoya. No. And quite frankly, although he didn't say it, I believe he was a little fearful of retaliation of speaking up.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Montoya. I am not aware that there would be for him.    Mr. Montoya. No. It would depend on the circumstances.    Mr. Montoya. No, she did not. She maintained her position as the Deputy Director and was, quite frankly, being paid by CLPHA with HUD reimbursing payments. So in essence, she was still a full-fledged paid employee of CLPHA while employed in Federal service.    Mr. Montoya. I don't believe it is uncommon. I think what was uncommon here is, she was put in a very key, high-ranking role--she wasn't there as an advisor, per se--to sort of inform HUD of what the industry was dealing with when it came to regulations. There is nothing wrong with that sort of advisory role, but she was in a key, policymaking position.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, that is correct.    Mr. Montoya. Quite frankly, everything suggests to me and to us that she was loyal to CLPHA and to the industry, not only with regards to the fact that she wanted to maintain the higher salary that CLPHA was giving her as opposed to the salary she would have made as a Federal employee, but quite frankly, in trying to deregulate some of the regulations that had established HUD in a better position, especially with regards to improper payments.    Mr. Montoya. No, sir. I have to say no, and I am not sure I know of any other situation like this.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, I would agree with that.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir. That, in fact, is the mission of the     Mr. Montoya. With my initial conversations, and the fact that he would sign this joint letter in response to many of the concerns that I have raised, or the subject of this testimony, yes, I am encouraged by that. And I look forward to him making those changes.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, that is correct.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, and that is key, what an organization will do when it comes across misconduct.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, absolutely.    Mr. Montoya. It depends on which example of which we are speaking. There are a fair amount who are still there.    Mr. Montoya. No, sir, he is no longer there.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct; she is no longer there.    Mr. Montoya. I would say--well, I don't know about Deputy Secretary Jones. I actually thought he was trying to do a lot to change the culture with regard to some of this conduct. With regards to Ms. Gross, yes, it is a good thing she has left.    Mr. Montoya. No, sir, I don't believe they are. And quite frankly, when they do issue some personnel action it seems to amount mostly to counseling sessions, verbal oral counseling. Which, quite frankly, don't amount to penalties even under their own code of conduct. A minimum penalty would be a reprimand, and that is in written form that generally stays in an employee's personnel file for 2 years. So when HUD tells us that they have handled it and they have issued corrective action, oral counseling to us does not--    Mr. Montoya. I think, again, that is what I said earlier. I think in order to establish that ethical culture in a workplace your have to discipline as appropriate when the circumstances arise. And I think in many of the examples we give you, it would suggest that there should have been a stronger reprimand or at least a stronger way of addressing--    Mr. Montoya. No. And often, they will defer to us and to the Department because they feel that the administrative actions available to the Department are sufficient enough to address the issue, some of these being, obviously, reprimand up to removal--    Mr. Montoya. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Montoya. No. Quite frankly, I think the union will come to the aid of the employee irrespective of what he has done. In one of the examples I gave, with a gentleman who was running a business for over 6 years in the Department--working 2 to 3 hours a day on that business, by his own testimony--I think the initial recommendation was to remove him. And it was the union who helped retain him for--retain him by only having to suffer through a 30-day-without-pay penalty. The problem with that, though, is he was awarded twice in that same year with a monetary award.    And he was promoted, if you will, with regards to his performance rating. He went from an ``exceeds,'' which he had historically been, to an ``outstanding'' that year.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir. In fact, I plan to look into it. As we were preparing for this testimony, it came to our attention that not only he, but another employee who was running a business was also given several monetary performance awards. It is my suspicion that they were given these awards in order to offset the loss in pay. And so I do plan to look into it and ask the question--    Mr. Montoya. I don't believe he has done that yet.    Mr. Montoya. Well, here is the irony. HUD, I believe, knew of that, of some of that. They also had a systemic concern with how they were really looking into employee backgrounds. We actually issued a report on what they did wrong in that particular case--actually, it was in a prior case--and what we thought they could do better.    Mr. Montoya. When we initially submitted that, what we call a ``systemic implication report,'' it was 5 or 6 months before this gentleman was hired. So they obviously didn't do it in that 5- or 6-month period because then they hired this one with the large criminal history. My staff is actually now going back to ask those questions: whatever happened to that; and did you implement that? I don't have an answer for you now.    Mr. Montoya. Well, it depends. Absolutely not if they come in as a full-fledged government employee. They are responding to a vacancy announcement, they are selected. They come in as a full-fledged government employee. I do have a concern when they come in while still working for those associations. So, it is kind of a dual answer there.    Mr. Montoya. Absolutely.    Mr. Montoya. No. And quite frankly, she could have come in as a GS-15 government employee having left CLPHA. But she absolutely could have done that. The irony there is that then she could have tried to deregulate in her government role which, obviously, still would have been a concern for us.    Mr. Montoya. I do. And I actually don't disagree with the fact that they can come into a Department under an IPA in an advisory role, right? But not in key positions doing what Ms. Gross did.    Mr. Montoya. Oh, I would say their oversight was poor to nonexistent when these started. It is my understanding now that the Office of General Counsel is actually reviewing every IPA for ethical considerations, these sorts of things. But I am looking at everyone they have--I think they have 16 IPAs so I have launched a review of all 16 to find out if we have any more circumstances like we did with Ms. Gross.    Mr. Montoya. Well, sir, you would be interested to know that one of the sections of the PIH requirements that Deb Gross tried to deregulate was the requirement for quality standard reviews every year. She wanted to push that out to every 2 or 3 years, which would have added more to the very maintenance problems you are talking about. To not require these public housing authorities to look at this every year so that these people have a clean, safe home is a concern for us. And that is one of those things she tried to change.    Mr. Montoya. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, it was.    Mr. Montoya. I believe they relinquished their registration as a lobbyist in 2009. There was a law change there so I think it was a 2009 timeframe.    Mr. Montoya. They did, but they didn't end the practices that they had done as a lobbyist. They continued those. In fact, Ms. Gross and the male employee she hired from CLPHA, both in our interviews, attested to the fact that their roles and responsibilities didn't change. They did the very same thing.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. I am not an attorney, but that would be my impression and interpretation, yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. That would be my opinion, yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir. She was, as well as the male employee that she hired from CLPHA to work directly for her at     Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, that is correct.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, that is my opinion. It is correct.    Mr. Montoya. Correct. It is sort of a quasi-contractual type employment.    Mr. Montoya. That is a great question, Mr. Fitzpatrick. What I would tell you is that there was a vacancy announcement for that position for which she applied. She originally was disqualified for not having the right criteria. Then she was placed on the list after some finagling, if you will, by the Assistant Secretary. And then ironically, the Assistant Secretary voided the announcement, saying that no one on the list, including Ms. Gross, was qualified. And out of a five-point scale she rated them all as two, right? And then goes and hires her under this IPA agreement at $40,000 more than she would have been making if she had simply become a Federal employee.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, absolutely.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, she was. And she also received salary increases and bonuses during a period of time that Federal Government employees did not.    Mr. Montoya. Under the IPA agreement, we believe yes, that she was required to.    Mr. Montoya. She did not. HUD doesn't feel that she should have.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. No. In fact, the Office of General Counsel parsed words and definitions with us over whether she should or shouldn't have filed a financial disclosure form because of her--but it is my belief that because of her position and the sheer salary alone she should have.    Mr. Montoya. Thank you for the question, sir. And I will tell you, it is music to my ears. Because what you are really talking about is building an ethical culture in an organization. Unfortunately, the government, unlike the private sector, doesn't always do such a great job at that. And I would agree with you, a lot of it has to do with the tone at the top, the very beginning. And I believe that is why the Secretary signed that joint letter and why I am so encouraged.    Certainly, the supervisory enforcement--that their ethical conduct is beyond reproach, and the training to be better supervisors when it comes to dealing with misconduct. And then, of course, you need the peer commitment, where you have individuals supporting each other to come forward. And we see a lot of that in these cases that we have where they are coming forward on this.    It is hard for me to put a finger on exactly what the culture is or what the attitude is, except to say that I think when nothing is done, nothing substantive is done with misconduct, people sort of lose their oomph, their desire to really do anything.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, it is.    Mr. Montoya. And again, the government does not do a good job of this. I would agree that every government organization should publicize, maybe not using the names, but publicize it. ``Unfortunately, we had an employee who did this. This is the penalty they received.'' So that everybody knows that, one, they take this stuff seriously; and two, there are consequences for misconduct. And then what that misconduct was. It goes to building that ethical culture. HUD does not do that, and I don't know of many agencies who do that, quite frankly, in the government.    Mr. Montoya. In some of the employees who come to us, and we ask them why are you coming to us, I am not your first-line supervisor, many times their answer is, ``My manager is incompetent, they need training, they don't know how to handle this, they won't handle it.'' So I think HUD would do better at getting their managers trained. But, unfortunately, the examples we are talking about today are at the highest levels of the organization. The Assistant Secretary is a political appointee, Mr. Mincberg was a schedule C, Ms. Gross was in the GS-15 position. Those are high-ranking positions. Those are not rank-and-file positions.    Mr. Montoya. So that is a larger concern for me.    Mr. Montoya. Absolutely.    Mr. Montoya. Thank you--    Mr. Montoya. Ms. Henriquez was the Assistant Secretary, and that is a politically-appointed position. She is no longer with the organization.    Mr. Montoya. Absolutely, sir.    Mr. Montoya. I think Deb Gross came to their attention, quite frankly, by somebody in, at the time, an appropriations committee who was forwarding her name to HUD to hire.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct. And our indication is that they actually have a personal relationship outside the workplace.    Mr. Montoya. That they did at the time, and I believe they still do at this--    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, that is correct.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct.    Mr. Montoya. One of them was a former lobbyist. The female she hired I don't believe was a lobbyist.    Mr. Montoya. But I don't--I would have to go back and check my records.    Mr. Montoya. I don't find it odd that you would bring people into an organization that you had worked with if they were good. I do find it odd that she was bringing them in for the purposes of helping her deregulate--    Mr. Montoya. Correct.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir. A system that, at one point, was costing the Department $3 billion.    Mr. Montoya. They brought it down to $1 billion.    Mr. Montoya. Correct.    Mr. Montoya. That sounds about right, yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Montoya. It depends on what position you put them in. In this case--    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Montoya. That would be a determination by DOJ.    Mr. Montoya. They didn't accept the case from us as a referral. They referred it back to HUD for administrative action.    Mr. Montoya. Correct.    Mr. Montoya. Sir, I am not in a position to be able to answer that.    Mr. Montoya. Absolutely, it broke the spirit.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct.    Mr. Montoya. Sir, I believe when he was the mayor in San Antonio, he--    Mr. Montoya. I don't know that I could answer that.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct.    Mr. Montoya. She is now in the--    Mr. Montoya. She is at Ginnie Mae. She is still--    Mr. Montoya. That is correct.    Mr. Montoya. I would want to categorize the career Federal employee versus what we have here. In many of the examples, these were not career Federal employees. They were in the Department for a very short period of time--    Mr. Montoya. I am not sure that I said it was a violation. It does not demand cost-sharing, but I think it does raise the question as to why.    Mr. Montoya. No, there should be more clarity. For example, OPM says that there is no restriction for these IPAs to hire people, right? OPM, I think, says though that the spirit of it suggests that they shouldn't be in hiring positions, they should be more in advisory. So that has to be cleared up. And I think, yes, the pay issue needs to be cleared up, as well.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir, that is their position. We wholeheartedly disagree. We recommend that they go to the Office of Government Ethics to get an opinion from them. I don't believe they have done that at this point, though.    Mr. Montoya. No, I agree. They said it was not required. I disagree with their opinion and their position. I believe it is required. I believe it should be required.    Mr. Montoya. Correct, sir.    Mr. Montoya. I don't know just how much clarity one needs. I think that, one, HUD is looking at these things. And there were a number of people who felt that this issue was an appearance issue. I will give credit to CLPHA. Even their Executive Director, before she let her Deputy Director go to HUD, raised the concerns that she thought this was a conflict, correct? There were several employees within the Department who raised concerns that it was a conflict. They were retaliated against and reassigned to other locations.    So I don't know how much clarity you need if appearances tell you.    Mr. Montoya. I don't know that HUD itself has one, but we have one in the OIG's office.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. I have been there for 3 years now, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Several others, yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. I don't know that I have enough background to answer that question except to say that even with regards to the Gross case, we still see retaliation of employees when they bring up issues like questioning the propriety of bringing in a lobbyist and their being reassigned. So that does raise concerns for me.    Mr. Montoya. I don't know off the top of my head who that current person is. I think it was Mr. Anderson, but I think he is leaving, so I am not sure who is in the acting role at this point.    Mr. Montoya. Well, not necessarily. It just depended on the circumstances. I don't believe we had to interview him in this particular case. Because it was an IPA process that didn't necessarily go--and HUD is very stovepiped, right? So when this was happening in a PIH, that is who primarily was dealing with it. It wasn't necessarily the overall human resources manager at HUD.    Mr. Montoya. We testified on a number of occasions that we think the Department is too stovepiped on a number of issues, including their IT systems, that there is not this enterprise-wide view of a lot of these things: H.R.; legal; and in some cases, their IT system. There are a number of areas that have caused us concerns.    Mr. Montoya. We have seen in HUD's situation that it looks like they have misused it on a couple of occasions. And we are looking at the other 16. That would draw a question for me as to what the rest of the government is doing with these IPAs.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir. They are the ones who set the standards and the guidelines for that.    Mr. Montoya. I believe we did refer it to OPM. I couldn't tell you off the top of my head, sir, what response we received from them on that. I would have to get back to you on that.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, ma'am. Thank you for the question. There is only so much we can get from witnesses and what they tell us, and sort of the spirit as to what was going on. We obviously weren't privy to a lot of the conversations that Ms. Gross and Ms. Henriquez and Ms. Hernandez may have had with the regulated industry.    So we are putting it back on HUD to sort of dig a little deeper with their staff to feel them out, and figure out whether, in fact, there were things that were changed that maybe shouldn't have been or that they should call into question.    My larger concern with making that statement was that Ms. Gross at one point had inquired as to how to avoid going through the Departmental clearance process, having to go through the OIG. She was actually trying to find a way to keep us from seeing and hearing, through that clearance process, what she was doing.    So because of that, I do have some concerns that maybe something slipped by us. And so we are putting it back on HUD to review themselves the policies before, during, and after she left to ensure that nothing got by any of us.    Mr. Montoya. Well, ma'am, I guess my answer to that would be that I don't think there are enough rules, regulations, policies, procedures or training that are going to influence a person's conduct. I think ultimately it boils down to how that person is going to conduct themselves in the workplace, especially as Federal employees. We have this stewardship responsibility that we are entrusted to care for these very sensitive positions that we hold on behalf of the taxpayers. So I think it boils down to the person.    I just don't believe--I am not a proponent of more and more rules, rules, rules, regulations, much like the two gentlemen testified or commented about in the regulated industries. It really boils down to how people are going to behave. And I think that is more of a conduct ethical issue with the individuals.    Mr. Montoya. All I can say to you is that a vast majority of the employees at HUD are really hardworking, conscientious civil servants. They have an honorable mission, one that I thoroughly enjoy myself.    And, quite frankly, there are a number of them--a number of conscientious employees who were the ones who called us on these issues. They saw the wrongdoing, they saw these misconducts. They are the ones who are calling us. And I think that is fantastic that employees feel good enough to call us. And hopefully, today they are hearing that my office will, in fact, do something about that when they do call.    Mr. Montoya. She is now with Ginnie Mae in--    Mr. Montoya. Ms. Henriquez left. She is with another housing-type association. I couldn't tell you off the top of my head--    Mr. Montoya. I don't know if it lobbies or not, sir, to be honest with you.    Mr. Montoya. She has gone back to CLPHA in the role that she held the whole time, the Deputy--    Mr. Montoya. Correct.    Mr. Montoya. To engage not only Congress, but the Department.    Mr. Montoya. They represent the housing authorities, the large--    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir.    Mr. Montoya. I don't have an exact date in front of me. For a number of years.    Mr. Montoya. I couldn't tell you the exact salary. I know the GS-15 salary is at about $155,000, so she was making just under $200,000--    Mr. Montoya. For the Council, correct, sir.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir. And we have emails to the effect that they, in fact--    Mr. Montoya. According to--    Mr. Montoya. According to Ms. Henriquez--and I will quote her--``She wanted to shake it up.''    Mr. Montoya. I think, quite frankly, it meant that she wanted to shake it up so they could deregulate. Because that is in the--that is in--    Mr. Montoya. Of the regulated.    Mr. Montoya. Correct.    Mr. Montoya. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Montoya. That is what it looks like.    Mr. Montoya. I don't know--    Mr. Montoya. I don't know why she was denied, except that she--    Mr. Montoya. Right.    Mr. Montoya. The email communication suggests was wanted to hire her under the IPA so she could make more money, so she could maintain her salary.    Mr. Montoya. Yes. Not only does--    Mr. Montoya. Yes, sir. An inherent conflict of interest.    Mr. Montoya. I don't think that she couldn't. I think maybe her qualifications would have been satisfactory. I don't think it had to do with that. I think they disqualified her so that they could then hire her under the IPA. And therein lies the little conspiracy, if you will.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, Ms. Henriquez was very quick to tell us, yes, that is what I did. It was Ms. Gross and the two employees that she hired who were less than forthcoming.    Mr. Montoya. I guess if you want to go down that road, yes. That--we like to call it--because we don't really know, in some cases, exactly where that fine line was. But yes, they were absolutely less than truthful with us.    Mr. Montoya. Actually about 8,000, sir.    Mr. Montoya. To be clear, sir, the report gives you only a small smattering of examples. Unfortunately, there are more. But I would say it is not like there is a rampant misconduct issue in HUD. I think my major concern is how HUD is dealing or not dealing with misconduct when they do come across it. And I think with regards to my written testimony, that is where I do the parsing. Not so much about what they did or could have been more, but how they are handling what they are doing to create an ethical culture.    Mr. Montoya. Both the new Secretary and the Deputy Secretary have only been there maybe 6 or 7 months, the Deputy Secretary even less. I will give him a 10 with regards to the Secretary signing that joint letter. Because I think that speaks volumes to the tone at the top. I could give him higher than a 10 because I think that is the best thing he could have done to establish his game plan for how he is going to run the organization. And I look forward to working with him with that.    Clearly, these things we are talking about were not under his tenure. And so, I do look forward to how he and the Deputy Secretary are going to handle these going forward.    Mr. Montoya. In the case of Mr. Mincberg, he threatened to hold my agents accountable. He never really clarified what that meant. But the fact that he would even threaten the agents to hold them accountable in some way, shape or form, to me, is just inappropriate and not something that I would want to start seeing more of at HUD.    Mr. Montoya. I don't know that we have had anybody--and so just to be clear, he was at a very high-ranking position. He was a schedule C, he was a political. So for him to do it, that certainly doesn't go well. We don't get that sort of disrespect, if you will, from rank and file. I think most of them are very willing to cooperate with us. And, again, these are good employees just trying to do their job every day.    Mr. Montoya. This one was isolated to the circumstances. But I spoke very loudly about it so that everybody got the message it was not something I was going to allow or put up with, quite frankly.    Mr. Montoya. Are you referring to the IPA review that we are--    Mr. Montoya. Oh, that had to do with how HUD was not appropriately handling personnel background investigations or review before they hired them. So we had a situation where they hired an individual that they clearly should have done a little bit more of a background on before hiring. And so we went in to view why this happened. So we don't just look at what happened, we look at why it happened. We issued this report to say we think you could do this better, that better, you can create some policies that will help you avoid that. That report went to them 5 or 6 months before they then hired the individual with a long criminal history who was able to steal almost $800,000.    Mr. Montoya. I don't know. I have my staff following up with the Department to figure out did you do anything in that 6 months or did you ignore us, or is it just taking you that much longer to get this thing in place? I don't--I can't answer that--    Mr. Montoya. I don't know that I have an exact date off the top of my head for you on the implication report. I can certainly get that back to you. Generally, HUD won't respond on when they finish it. We just sort of expect that they do. And so that is why I have my agents going back to--    Mr. Montoya. I don't know if I could give you an exact date, sir. I would have to get back to you on that.    Mr. Montoya. In certain situations we do require them to get back to us in a sort of 90-day period. I don't know if we did on this implication report or not.    Mr. Montoya. Oh, absolutely, sir. And yes, absolutely, it would be a good idea.    Mr. Montoya. Yes, and that prompted us to go back to look at what is going to go on. And we will put that back to HUD, they will go back to review the employees they hired within that timeframe.    Mr. Montoya. Thank you, sir.