    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Inspector General, for being here.    Your testimony is not the first time we have heard of the problems of large businesses receiving contracts that were supposed to be reserved for small businesses. And as you know, this Committee is taking steps to address this concern. We have increased penalties, including liquidated damages imposed on companies for perpetrating fraud. We required companies to recertify their status as small upon a merger or novation of a contract. We have met with the GSA to require the new version of the government's procurement data system accurately classify small and large businesses. Just this past January, we marked up legislation requiring the SBA to report separately on companies who have outgrown their size status. The Committee has given the SBA tools to ensure that large businesses are not receiving small business contracts. Do you have any explanation on why the SBA is not using the tools provided to them by Congress?    Mr. KELLY. Going back to your earlier opening statement, one of the things that is important is for leadership to prioritize and to set goals and to have suspenses and deadlines. In our answer, I am going to ask you another question, but I also want you to comment. Do you think that the leadership in SBA is properly prioritizing and properly setting standards and focusing on the right thing? Because in my experience as both a district attorney and as a commander in the military, our followers focus on those things which we check up on or those things which we prioritize. If we are looking at them, they fix them. If we are not and they just give it lip service, they do not. Do you think that they are setting the correct priorities?    Mr. KELLY. Right. When you referred companies for suspension or debarment or to the Department of Justice for prosecution using the liquidated damages provision, what has been the response from the SBA and the Department of Justice?