    Mr. McGovern. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Dr. Morris, for being here. I appreciate all the work that you do. This is an interesting hearing, in the context of something that we are beginning to talk about in this Committee, and in other committees, about the issue of GMO labeling. Voluntary versus mandatory, or only voluntary non-GMO labeling. Quite frankly, I am puzzled by this debate, because I fall on the side of the fact that if a majority of people in this country want there to be GMO labeling so they know what they are buying, then I am for it. I am not making any judgment about the safety or the quality of the food. We have all been eating GMOs for a long time, but if a majority of people want to know that information, why shouldn't we give it to them?    There is a recent poll from the Mellman Group that found that Americans overwhelmingly favor requiring labels on GMO food: 71 percent of Americans strongly favor GMO labeling. And I guess the argument against the voluntary stuff is that some might do it, some might not, but it just makes it more difficult for the consumer in my mind. I am not asking you to take a position, but if you are going to come up with a standard for what is non-GMO, wouldn't it just be simpler for the consumer to have one label that indicates whether something contains GMOs?    Mr. McGovern. Right. We have heard a lot of talk that, the mandatory route, will cost all this money, it is going to cost the consumer money. And yet I am reading from the Washington Post Fact Checker that says that people who claim that mandatory labeling is going to cost consumers significantly more in groceries per family per year, earned three Pinocchios. Does AMS have any evidence on the cost to consumers on mandatory versus voluntary labeling?    Mr. McGovern. So basically at this point, if Congress said to you we want mandatory GMO labeling, you would then----    Dr. Morris.--conduct an economic analysis.    Mr. McGovern. All right. I thank you and I raise the issue because I have been at a number of briefings where people talked about the pros and cons of GMO foods and how they fit into our society right now. It just seems to me that the more people resist giving the public what they want, the more the public begins to suspect maybe there is something wrong with these products. I think sunshine and transparency are a good thing. So I would hope that Congress would move along the line of greater transparency and giving the American people what they want. I thank you very much for being here.    Mr. McGovern. Absolutely. Thank you. With unanimous consent and all the other blessings you would give me.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Mr. McGovern. Thank you.    The Chairman. Dr. Morris, again, I appreciate you being here. I am going to go ahead and ask you a few questions myself.    I mentioned this in my opening statement about the Supreme Court's decision in the case involving volume control components of the raisin marketing order. And the court held the requirement for producers to surrender a portion of their crop without just compensation to be an unconstitutional taking. Can you provide, for the record, an analysis of this decision, and in particular, what, if any, implications this decision has for this or other marketing orders?