    Mr. Jordan. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Government Reform on Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Welcome, Mr. Cartwright, and welcome to our witnesses. We will get to you in just a moment. You know how this works. You've done this many times, opening statements, and then we'll get your testimony, and then we'll get right to our witnesses.    Just about everything stated about ObamaCare when it was passed has turned out to be false. You like your doctor; you can keep your doctor. False. You like your plan; you can keep your plan. That turned out to be false. Premiums are going to go down, we were told. That turned out to be false. Premiums are going to go down an average of $2,500. Of course, that turned out to be false. The Web site will work, we were told. That turned out to be false. The Web site is secure. That was false too at the time. Deductibles will decrease. We found out that wasn't accurate either. And, of course, we were told 21 million people would get insurance under the exchange. Now that's been revised down to almost half, 11 million Americans. And, of course, we were told the CO-OPs were going to work. Just yesterday, Illinois' CO-OP folded. That's the fourth one since May. That's 16 now out of 23. That's after the administration spent $2.4 billion setting up nearly two dozen CO-OPs. Over $1.6 billion in Federal loans have gone to the failed CO-OPs, money that probably will never be recovered. More closures are expected. My guess is every single one of these, every single one, all 23, are ultimately going to fail. And that's why we're having this hearing today, to just underscore the simple fact that it's not only just CO-OPs. It's not only some of the things--it's just this law has been a complete failure. And the American people know it. Business owners know it. I think insurance companies know it. And we're looking forward to hearing from our witnesses today on the CO-OP issue and other issues related to ObamaCare or, as some call it, the Affordable Care Act.    So I want to thank our witnesses for being here, and with that, I would now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cartwright, for an opening statement if he has one.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman.    We'll hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement, and we'll now recognize our witnesses.    I'm pleased to welcome Mr. Kevin Counihan, Deputy Administrator and Director of the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight at the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; and Ms. Linda Blumberg, Ph.D., senior fellow at the Urban Institute.    Welcome, again, to both of you.    And pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. Please raise your right hand, if you would stand and raise your right hand, excuse me.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Let the record show that both witnesses answered in the affirmative. We will now start with--we'll just go right across, Mr. Counihan and then Ms. Blumberg.    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Counihan.    Ms. Blumberg, you are now recognized.    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Ms. Blumberg.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee, Dr. DesJarlais.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman, and I now recognize Mr. Cartwright for 5 minutes.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for his questions.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman.    I couldn't agree more with his sentiments on the disaster that this legislation has turned out to be.    Mr. Counihan, is the CO-OP program in ObamaCare a complete failure?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Tell me why or define to me what would be a complete failure if the facts--let me just recite the facts again. Twenty-three programs were given money just 2 years ago, and 16 of them have already failed. The seven that haven't failed yet, four are on corrective action plans. Isn't that accurate?    Mr. Jordan. So the six that haven't failed--six of them are on--of the seven that haven't failed, six of them are on corrective action plans?    Mr. Jordan. Oh, wow, so it's worse than I thought. Because of the last four that failed, all those were on corrective action plans, and they all failed here, one in Ohio just a few months ago. So 23 started. Sixteen have failed. Of the remaining seven, six are on corrective action plans. Every other CO-OP that was put on a corrective action plan did, in fact, actually then later fail. $2.4 million allocated--$2.4 billion allocated; $1.5 given out and now lost. And yet you don't think that defines a complete failure?    Mr. Jordan. Tell me what would be a complete failure. Let me ask this way, if all 23 actually fail, would that be a complete failure, because that's where this is headed----    Mr. Jordan. No. Answer that question. If all 23 fail, would that be a complete failure?    Mr. Jordan. That's not what I asked you. Would it be a complete failure if every single CO-OP that you guys authorized just 2 years ago failed? Would that be a complete failure? Because we all know that's where it's headed. Sixteen have already failed. Of the seven left, six are on corrective action plans, and they're going to fail too. So when all 23 fail, would that be a complete failure of the CO-OP program under ObamaCare?    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Counihan, you're a witness here today, and I'm asking you to answer one question. If they all fail, if they all fall apart, like we know they're going to, is that a complete failure? Just give me a yes or no to that one. That's all I'm asking you.    Mr. Jordan. Is it a no? Is it a yes?    Mr. Jordan. Are you saying some of these 16 are going to come back to life? They're not dead forever. They're going to miraculously revive and resurrect themselves? Is that what you're saying?    Mr. Jordan. Let me ask you this. Are you sitting here today and saying you're going to assure me that the seven left, that they're not going to fail? Those seven are going to keep working? They're going to be fine. Will you tell me that? Would you tell me that? Are they going to continue to be in operation? The seven that haven't failed yet, are they going to still be good when you come back here in a few months and we have this same kind of hearing?    Mr. Jordan. We just heard from you, Dr. Blumberg, and the ranking member that ObamaCare is the greatest thing since sliced bread. We just heard that. And yet we have this phenomena in front of us. Sixteen of 23 have completely failed. And we know the other seven are going to fail. And yet you just all told us ObamaCare is the greatest thing in the world. And I'm just asking you, can we at least just focus on the CO-OP and say, if all 23 of those fail, that part of ObamaCare, at least that has to be a complete failure, right?    Mr. Jordan. I'm not looking for excuses. I'm just looking for an answer to that question. If they all fail, is it a complete failure?    Mr. Jordan. Do you know what the COOP program is, Mr. Counihan? It's one more thing that was promised when ObamaCare was first enacted that was going to be just so special, just like you all just had said earlier--well, one of the other things that was promised: ObamaCare passes, there will be no one without insurance. We know that's not the case because you even said it. There are still several million people that don't have insurance. One of the things we were promised when ObamaCare passed is 20 million people will use the exchange. We know that's not true because you all had to change the definition. You now say, well, it is 20 million, but it's the exchange plus Medicaid expansion. You totally changed the definition to meet that number.    So, not to mention all the other--if you like your plan, keep it; like your doctor, keep it; premiums are going to go down--all those other things have turned out to be false as well. And all I'm asking you is one program, the CO-OP program, and you won't answer my question. It seems, by definition, if 23 out of 23 fail, then you should be able to say that, of course, by definition is a complete failure.    Mr. Jordan. So new and so great; that is laughable. So new and so great that they actually went out of business. I find that to be laughable on its face.    Mr. Jordan. Are you willing to tell this committee today, Mr. Counihan, that when you come back later this fall and we have another hearing on the CO-OPs, that the seven that are still in business are still going to be in business then?    Mr. Jordan. You were here a couple months ago, and it was 11, and we asked you then, and you wouldn't commit. We said we think they're all going to fail, and here we are a couple months later and four more are gone, and the other six or the other seven are on corrective action plans. Let me ask you this. Have you done anything to recover the $1.5 billion that's out the door?    Mr. Jordan. What have you done?    Mr. Jordan. I didn't say that. I said ``you.'' Not the--you're CMS. You don't work for the DOJ, do you?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. So I'm asking CMS. You have the ability to terminate the loan agreements, don't you?    Mr. Jordan. Is DOJ a signatory on the loan?    Mr. Jordan. What are you doing? You're the one who gave out the--you're the one who decided who got the money. You allocated the money. You gave it out. What is CMS doing to recover the $1.5 billion of taxpayer money?    Mr. Jordan. You can't terminate yourself?    Mr. Jordan. But what have you done? Have you terminated a loan so that DOJ, in fact, can do that?    Mr. Jordan. We know the situation, Mr. Counihan. Sixteen of them have completely failed. What are you doing to get the money back?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. I went a couple minutes over. I apologize.    So we will now turn to the right fine gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for his questioning.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman. I now recognize the gentleman from Tennessee for an additional round of questions.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the gentleman.    Dr. Blumberg, Mr. Counihan wouldn't answer the question, probably can't answer the question. He is in the administration. When I asked him the fact that 16 of 23 CO-OPs have already failed and the other 7 are going to, he wouldn't answer the question whether that's a complete failure. But you don't work for the government. You work for the Urban Institute. Is that right?    Mr. Jordan. You are here on your own capacity today.    Mr. Jordan. All right. So you're not part of the administration. Right?    Mr. Jordan. So when you have a program where 23 CO-OPs are created in this CO-OP program in ObamaCare, 16 have already failed and 7 are going to, would you describe that as a complete failure?    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Counihan, we've asked certain individuals to be scheduled for transcribed interviews, including yourself, Mr. Cleary, Ms. McNeill, and--I guess just three. When are we going to get that scheduled?    Mr. Jordan. Yeah, but you're the boss there at CMS and so we've been trying to do this. Can you make a commitment that you're going to get it done here? We want to get it done this month.    Mr. Jordan. But they answer to you. Right?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Well, that's why I'm asking you. You're the guy here on the witness stand. You're the boss at CMS.    Mr. Jordan. So we want to get you and two other people in for an interview.    Mr. Jordan. We're just asking you, can we make that happen in 2 weeks?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. We've also requested----    Mr. Jordan. We've also requested documents from you. When are you going to give those to us?    Mr. Jordan. We want them all. We want the ones--we want the ones that we need, the ones we've asked for, not some--you know, we hear this every time in congressional committees. We've given you thousands of--I don't care if you have given us a bazillion. If they're not the ones that matter----    Mr. Jordan. --who cares? I want the ones that matter. When are you going to give those to us?    Mr. Jordan. The ones that matter are the ones we asked for.    Mr. Jordan. Sure sounds like you are when you're saying in camera. Give them to us. We want them. We don't want to have to come over there with a special thing in a special room, look at them, can't take notes and all this. We've been through this before in other committees as well.    Mr. Jordan. It's just ridiculous. It's a congressional investigation, congressional inquiry. We want the information. Give it to us.    Mr. Jordan. Now, that is, again, almost laughable. They're all going to fail. Anyone with a brain can see that, and now you are telling us, oh, we got to be X--we're going to be confidential with the information. But to say you have to see them in camera because, oh, by the way, some of these things might fail, we already know that. Anyone with a brain knows it because every one of these are going to fail. So that's sort of a lame excuse, frankly, Mr. Counihan. Just let us have the documents. Will you?    Mr. Jordan. I certainly can, and we can certainly keep confidential information confidential.    Mr. Jordan. How about the materials relating to the CO-OP risk committee? When are we going to get those materials?    Mr. Jordan. What about the notes from the weekly calls you have with the CO-OPs? When are we going to get that information?    Mr. Jordan. The gentlelady from New Mexico is recognized for 5 minutes.