    Ms.  Miller. Good morning. Thank you, Chairman Luetkemeyer, and Ranking Member Cleaver. And thank you, Congressman Rothfus, for your kind introduction. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today to provide State insurance regulators' views on issues surrounding the development of a private flood insurance market. Facilitating increased private sector involvement in the sale of flood insurance will help promote consumer choice and spur competition. It will also provide homeowners necessary coverage, often at greatly reduced costs. In Pennsylvania, we are finding that in many cases, private carriers are willing to offer comparable coverage at substantially lower cost than NFIP. In one instance, a property owner would have paid a $7,500 annual premium with the NFIP, but found private coverage for a little over $1,400.    Another homeowner was quoted a $6,000 annual premium by NFIP, but found a private policy for $900. Like other types of new coverages, private flood insurance is being developed and offered first by the surplus lines insurers. These insurers typically insure unique or otherwise difficult to underwrite risks that the admitted market is at least initially reluctant to insure. As detailed in my written testimony, we have significant authorities to ensure consumers in the surplus lines market are well-protected. These authorities include capital, surplus, and eligibility requirements on surplus lines carriers, as well as the ability to hold both the insurer and the broker responsible for any misconduct.    As the private flood insurance market grows and more companies offer coverage, including admitted companies, our regulation will continue to evolve to meet the size and the breadth of the market as well as the needs of consumers. However, more can be done to help facilitate the development of this market, providing consumers more choices and more affordable coverage.    One of the objectives of the Biggert-Waters Act was to create opportunities for the growth of the private market as an alternative to the NFIP. Unfortunately, the definition of and the regulatory environment surrounding private flood insurance is at odds with this objective, making it more difficult for insurance regulators to protect consumers and ensure availability. The Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act addresses these concerns, which is why I am here today to support it.    Specifically, we find it troubling that Biggert-Waters empowered Federal banking and housing regulators and the GSEs to apply their own requirements related to the financial solvency strength or claims-paying ability of private insurance companies from which they will accept private flood insurance. This is highly problematic as banking and housing regulators have neither the expertise nor the experience to regulate insurance companies or markets. Moreover, they have regulatory objectives that while laudable, are fundamentally different than insurance consumer protection and fostering competitive insurance markets.    They are simply ill-suited to regulate insurance, and it is inappropriate for them to have the authority to substitute their judgment for those charged under the law with regulating insurance products and protecting policyholders. To address this, H.R. 2901 includes important language clarifying that State insurance regulators have the same authority and discretion to regulate private flood insurance as they have to regulate other similar insurance products and markets. We very much appreciate these clarifications as they are critical for NAIC's support for this legislation.    Another impediment for entrants into the market is the vague definition of private flood insurance included in Biggert-Waters. In order for a private market to evolve, insurers need flexibility to tailor insurance products to meet consumer needs. Biggert-Waters does not allow for innovation, but rather focuses on ensuring policies don't deviate from its rigid criteria. This is despite the fact that private insurers may be able to offer additional coverage features or greater limits at a more affordable price.    H.R. 2901 provides a clearer definition of private flood insurance by clarifying that State insurance laws solely govern over the insurance transaction. It will ensure that State insurance regulators have the flexibility to approve private flood insurance coverage that is responsive to the needs of their States and constituents, while complying with their State's regulatory requirements. These clarifications will assist in removing the restrictive and confusing language in current law to help prompt more insurers to enter the market if they are willing.    In conclusion, State insurance regulators support efforts to further develop the private market to help provide consumers with access to additional options for flood insurance products and coverage at potentially more affordable prices.    We appreciate very much Congressmen Ross and Murphy's leadership on H.R. 2901, and look forward to continuing to work together as this bill moves forward. I appreciate very much the opportunity to be here on behalf of the NAIC. Thank you.    Ms.  Miller. Absolutely. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Banking and housing regulators have regulatory objectives that are simply fundamentally different than insurance consumer protection, and promoting competitive insurance markets. So, our view is that they are ill-suited to regulate insurance. And it is really inappropriate for them to be given the authority to substitute their judgment for those of us who are charged under the law with regulating insurance. State regulators have 140 years of regulating and supervising the business of insurance, and protecting policyholders and really balancing the availability of coverage with solvency. I think, to put it very bluntly, banking regulators don't have a mandate of consumer protection. And State regulators, that is what we do. That is our charge.    Ms.  Miller. That is correct.    Ms.  Miller. Congressman, I think what we are looking for is a clear definition of private flood insurance. That has been one of the biggest difficulties with the Biggert-Waters Act is that the definition is just not very clear, and it has created--    Ms.  Miller. I think that's what H.R. 2901 does. It provides that--    Ms.  Miller. Right.    Ms.  Miller. Congressman, it is a good question. And I don't mean to suggest that this is big market even in Pennsylvania. We are starting to see increased interest by our surplus lines carriers in particular. But the examples I gave you are examples my department is aware of. But I am not trying to--this is still a very limited market. I am not trying--    Ms.  Miller. Frankly, from my perspective, I would like to see if we could grow it and make sure that consumers know that--    Ms.  Miller. Not to my knowledge.    Ms.  Miller. Mr. Chairman, we are not seeing an influx of interest. It is still a very limited market. We are seeing some increased interest. We are seeing more surplus lines policies. But it is still a very limited market.    Ms.  Miller. That is my hope. That is why I am here supporting it because I would like to see the private market grow. And I would like to see consumers have more options.    Ms.  Miller. I think that is right.    Ms.  Miller. That is the hope.    Ms.  Miller. Yes.    Ms.  Miller. Yes.    Ms.  Miller. Absolutely.    Ms.  Miller. Congressman, I do.    And, in fact, in Pennsylvania, one of the things we are trying to do as a department right now is figure out how we can do a better job of letting consumers know that this option exists. That is now comfortable I am with surplus lines policies.    Ms.  Miller. Absolutely. As Mr. Kelley indicated, surplus lines carriers are licensed in the State of their domicile. So in that State, they are meeting the capital and surplus requirements that the admitted carriers are meeting. And so even though we talked about earlier the fact that the guaranty fund doesn't apply to surplus lines, there is financial monitoring of surplus lines carriers. And even in nondomiciliary States, there are capital and surplus requirements on surplus lines carriers, as well as carriers who are not domiciled in the United States. So I am comfortable we have a lot of financial regulation protection. But also we have, in a State like Pennsylvania, if we have a surplus lines carrier that is not domiciled in Pennsylvania, we still have authority over the placement of that insurance with the surplus lines broker and the opportunity to go after that broker if there is misconduct. But we also have I think--    Ms.  Miller. For example, in Pennsylvania, we have a requirement that they notify policyholders that, for example, the guaranty fund doesn't apply if they misrepresent the policy somehow. Or if they place the policy with a non-admitted or a non-eligible surplus lines carrier, we can go after that broker.    Ms.  Miller. Exactly. We also enforce the requirements related to the eligibility of surplus lines carriers to operate and sell policies in our State. So if we have concerns about the financial soundness of a surplus lines carrier, if they are not paying claims timely or if they are willfully violating our laws, we can declare them ineligible to sell policies in our State. Additionally, in Pennsylvania, we have what is called the Unfair Insurance Practices Act. I think States have similar laws that are probably titled a little bit differently. And these, again, are consumer protection statutes. They make sure that claims are paid appropriately and that the insurer and the broker are not misrepresenting policies and what is covered. And this Act applies to surplus lines carriers just like it applies to admitted carriers.    Ms.  Miller. Sure. So surplus lines, the way it works is surplus lines are for unique risks. That is why we have admitted carriers that write the rest of personal lines policies because we have laws in all the States about diligent search requirements. And if you can buy a policy through the admitted market, then that is what you do. Really, surplus lines are for those unique risks that aren't being written by the admitted market.    Ms.  Miller. I think that is a challenge. And I think in terms of the future of NFIP, at the NAIC, we will be embarking this year--I know the reauthorization is coming up next year. And it sounds like there is a lot of interest in talking about ways we can modify that program. We have not had conversations at NAIC yet about potential recommendations for changes to that program. But it was just announced that I am Chair of the Property and Casualty NAIC Committee. And I can tell you that this is on our agenda for this year. We are going to be looking at this and putting together kind of our recommendations for ways that perhaps NFIP could be modified going forward. From my perspective today, I am here because I just want to see consumers have more options. And I believe H.R. 2901 will provide for more private market options for folks. And I think that will be a good thing for consumers.    Ms.  Miller. Congressman, we also are in the same position. The NAIC hasn't taken a look at this issue. I think it is one of the issues that, as we look at the NFIP and potential recommendations we would make to modify that program, this would be one of the things we would look at.    But I do think it is a very interesting issue to look at. I think, from our perspective, H.R. 2901 would be a great first step. And if we could do that quickly, then I think having the conversation about changes to NFIP would make a lot of sense, as well.    Ms.  Miller. I would be happy to.    I think the issue of cherry-picking is certainly a concern and something that we would recommend monitoring going forward.    But, right now, as I have said a few times, this market is very small. There is just too little data, I think, at this point, to know how the market is going to react going forward. So, from our perspective, if this bill were enacted sooner rather than later, I think it would give us a chance to get more data and really observe how this market is going to perform going forward.    And I think that does a couple of things. I think, one, it gives us--and all of us who are going to be looking at the NFIP, it will give us more information to inform potential changes to that program. But, also, from a State regulators perspective, I think if we had more data, it will help us as we look forward and think about ways we might need to change our regulation to address this evolving market.    But I think, from our perspective, I certainly wouldn't want concerns about cherry-picking to get in the way of us providing more options for consumers in this market.