    Ms. Castor. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for your expert testimony today.    I want to return to the discussion of how we tackle this internationally, as Mr. McKinley focused on, because no single country like the U.S. can do this alone. We are so interconnected now. People travel. You said microbes travel, animals travel, food travels.    In July of 2014, the U.K. commissioned a study on the global problem of antimicrobial resistance. The study concluded that we must be concerned about drug resistance globally if we expect to be safe at home. An important theme discussed in the report is that infectious diseases profoundly affect poorer countries due to unsanitary living conditions. Unsanitary conditions, the report says, ``act as a catalyst of rapid person-to-person spread, which can lead to an increase in the use and overuse of antibiotics.''    Dr. Bell, what effect do poor living conditions and access to clean food and water have on the spread of infectious diseases, and how can poor sanitation contribute to the overuse of antibiotics?    Ms. Castor. So when poor countries address problems such as sanitation, access to clean water and infections in their medical facilities--this is basic--that helps reduce antibiotic resistance. And what more can be done then? We have so many fantastic nonprofit organizations, academics, churches, the developed world. What else can that group be doing to reduce the spread of infection?    Ms. Castor. So some experts have said and the U.K. report said and I think Mr. McKinley had said what needs to be done. They emphasized kind of some global organizing, collaborative or campaign. How could we go about such an effort?    Ms. Castor. So that would include tackling the over-the-counter prescriptions of antibiotics? The U.K. study reported that in parts of Southern and Eastern Europe, 20 to 30 percent of antibiotics are consumed without a prescription, and in parts of Africa, the figure rises to 100?    Ms. Castor. OK. And then, Dr. Woodcock, Internet sales of antibiotics is a huge problem that this committee has documented extensively. You have testified before this committee multiple times on the use of Internet drugs. What role does FDA believe that Internet drug sales have on drug resistance across the globe?    Ms. Castor. Thank you very much.