    Mr. Cole. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Chief. I appreciate the testimony. I have exactly the opposite problem of Mr. Kilmer. I have more people than trees. And probably more cows than people, so it is a very different kind of landscape. We see 5 trees together, and we define that as a forest in Oklahoma. But we have very little Federal lands. We have got Indian trust land, and it is, frankly, well managed by the tribes that hold it. We have got some military installations that are obviously Federal and well managed, and a couple of wildlife preserves and one national park, so. But most of our land is in private hands.    And I am just curious because I hear these problems like Mr. Stewart addressed, and I hear my colleagues from States in which 80, 85 percent of the land is federally owned. You manage over 193 million acres, and I think you do it with the resources that you have. But what is the merit of considering should we be offloading some of this land? Do you see it in perpetuity staying as it is? I am interested in your long-term view of what we do with the assets. Do we hold it as the Federal government or is there merit, as some of my colleagues are saying, to returning this one way or another in a managed way into private ownership?    Mr. Cole. Let me posture it again, and it is not meant to be adversarial in any way. It just is something I struggle with. We actually do have a lot of timberland in southeast Oklahoma. Most of that is privately held, and it was set up that way. When the State was opened up, frankly, a lot of the Indian tribes were sort of looted out of the land. We just had a big settlement on that which we appreciate, but the land remains in private hands, and it is productive. It is a beautiful area.    So what I am wondering is, you know, we clearly have systems that have come into being at different times, and it is one thing for me to think about what I want to do in my State. I just love having 80 percent of Nevada in Federal hands, you know. I am not sure people in Nevada want to do that.    And, again, I am not suggesting the elimination of these, but is there a time or a way to rethink whether or not we have the right portion because those questions, as Mr. Stewart suggested, are coming up, and they are coming up in a not very productive way, in my view. We have a lot of people caught in difficult circumstances, and they feel adversarial with their own government when they do not want to feel that way.    So how would we rethink some of these things, or should we, again, because while it is true we have created this system, it is an accident in the way we create it. We did not think about it that way from the beginning of the republic. We did not apply that set of standards to every State in the country, let alone every region in the country. So, given that, is there some merit to think in some ways of divesting it, or would you argue we should essentially take the assets we have and continue to manage them, get better at it, and provide the resources.    I am just wondering if there is ever any thought inside the Federal government about the first principle, if you will. How much of this land should we own? How much should be in private hands and managed differently?    Mr. Cole. Selling off is precisely what I am suggesting. Not all of it. Well, I just think it is worth thinking about, and I am just curious if the Administration or anybody ever at least explores this as, you know, a realistic option. If it is like it is now and we are going to think about managing things better, and putting in resources, that is one thing. Do we ever go back and think, geez, how much do we need to hold, where do we need to hold it, or is it just we are going to hold what we have in perpetuity?    Mr. Cole. I will make this last point. You have been generous, Mr. Chairman. And my intent is not to question you or to express sympathy with some of the types of actions that we have had and that you have to deal with it. I do not think that is ever an acceptable thing. But I do think you have very articulately outlined your position. But I would like some study because, again, we do not hold the same balance of lands regionally across this country. And I am not in an area that is directly affected by this for the most part.    But I do think, you know, when we know 1 out of 5 acres in the country is federally owned, that, to me, is worth thinking about, particularly when it is concentrated in a relatively small area. 50, 60, 70 percent of the State being owned by the Federal government is pretty difficult on the people that live there. And whether or not we should redistribute that would be a fair question, too.    But, again, you have been very generous, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much. And thank you, Chief.    Mr. Cole. It was a friendly question. Mr. Cole. Thank you very, Mr. Chairman, and let me just say publicly, I want to thank you and our ranking member for all you have done over the last few years in this area in your respective positions now, but just even before that when you were simply members of the committee. It has made a big difference in a lot of lives.    And I want to congratulate the Administration, too, in this regard. This has been a great area of bipartisan cooperation and where I think the resources that have been placed there have broadly, you know, made things better, have saved lives, so there is a lot to be proud of here. But as you pointed out in your opening remarks, there are always things to be concerned about.    I am going to have to leave literally after my question and your answer, Director, because I have got to chair a hearing with Secretary Burwell at 10:00. So I have got to go do that, and I am sure we will discuss this issue in that hearing.    So I do want to give you an opportunity to talk at length on this Great Plains CMS issue. I am very concerned and troubled when you have three difficult facilities. It suggests something systemic is a problem. And so, one, I would like to know specifically what are the findings and what has been done to correct them for those three facilities. And then, you know, what you are doing system wide to make sure this is not three needles in a haystack that suggest there are more needles.    Last point if you would touch on it, would we find the same thing in tribally operated facilities as we are finding in these? Is there any disparity in ratio? And, again, if so, why, or do you think these issues that we found in these three facilities we would find if tribal facilities were looked at? Is this random? Again, I want your thoughts, and I will say I tend to have a bias in favor of tribes basically, you know, joint venturing and operating their own facilities.    Nobody holds you accountable like your own people do. And I know in our tribe, when we took over the operation of our facilities, or began to, in the 1970s, it made an enormous difference. You know, almost immediately we saw wait times come down very dramatically because if somebody is sitting there waiting too long, they would simply call a tribal legislative official, and you could get your fingers around their neck pretty fast. So they were just responsive.    On top of that, we developed people in our own tribe, gave them opportunities to acquire professional skills, and manage big budgets. And, frankly, they have moved on into other directions now. It gave us a cadre of really trained and talented people.    I just want to get your thoughts on that, on the contrast between, again, IHS facilities and tribally operated facilities.    Mr. Cole. Yeah.    Mr. Cole. Yeah, and let me just make this point, and then I will yield back my time that the chairman has been generous with. I think that is true. I have been to the Rosebud. Ms. McCollum and I were on the same trip there and seeing the facilities, and seeing the challenges in terms of the housing. And I want to commend you for doing it.    While I am very concerned about this, I want you to know I see a lot of these things as functions of a system that has been historically underfunded. I do not blame this on the Indian Health Service or what have you. I have some idea of the scope of what you have to deal with literally for generations. And it is only the last few years, honestly, that we have begun to give you the resources to make the difference that you are making.    But I would commend you to keep really looking at this because, as the chairman suggests, this is the sort of thing that does make it difficult for us to convince our colleagues to continue the fund the Service, which I think is indispensable. And while I have a bias towards tribes operating on their own, that is a tribal choice. I mean, I respect tribes that choose to do it in a different manner, and they are best situated to make decisions for themselves as to which would work better for them. And it should not be imposed on them from up here.    So just thank you for your good work, and look forward to working with you, look forward to working with my friend, the chairman, and the ranking member, and the other members of this committee to see if we can continue to build on the progress of the last few years.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cole. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And, again, I want to thank you, and the Ranking Member, and your predecessor, Mr. Simpson, for really working hard to try and bring this program to an appropriate and successful conclusion. It has not been an easy task obviously, and you are to be commended.    And I want to tell our friends, we appreciate your help and your hospitality when we were out there. It was an eye-opening experience, and I felt like we got a lot of candid advice and a lot of history. I was very pleased with the level of cooperation we received.    I am going to have a series of questions, but I am going to posit something. My big fear, and I suspect this committee's big fear, is if we get to the end of 2018, and we have doubled the budget essentially, that just means we are going to have another 40 years with a higher budget. That is how I would describe failure, and there is some danger of that. I do not point fingers at anybody here, but given the history of the program, there is every reason to believe that could happen. It cannot be an ``in-perpetuity housing program.'' We have housing programs.    So if you will, give me an idea of where we are in the process, the number of families that are eligible, if you will, the scale of the task in front of you, and how fast are we proceeding in getting people appropriately taken care of and relocated.    Mr. Cole. That is good. Now, when we had the genuine pleasure of visiting the area, we visited Navajo Community East Mill and Hopi Spider Mound. In those areas there were houses that had been built that were deficient. So it is one thing to take care of people that have been on a waiting list and moving along there.    Tell me about where we are with folks that were given houses in good faith, and those houses were not appropriately built. Where are we in resolving that? Are we going to have to go back and rebuild? Can things be repaired, and how big a problem is that going to be?    Mr. Cole. It was meant to be. Mr. Cole. Well, is there any provision or concern, again, you know, we certainly heard complaints about this house was appropriately built, that sort of thing. Number one, is that true. There is a big difference between something that has not been cared for appropriately and something that was built defectively. So I know you have to sort through that.    I am interested in how big a problem that is, and how we resolve that portion so that insofar as we can, people that think they were given homes that were poorly built or poorly sided, whether there is legitimacy to that complaint, and that they are resolved.    Mr. Cole. Yeah, and I do not think there has been in terms of during your tenure and the people that were there. There were certainly some concerns that pre-date you. It is a problem you inherited, so I do not want you to think this was directed at you or any of your current employees. But we did see some instances.    I am curious as to how those cases get resolved. Is there an appeal process for that, you know, so that there is some adjudication of this, if you will?    Mr. Cole. Okay.    Mr. Cole. Okay. You have been generous with your time, and I will finish with this question about the appeals process. As I understand it, it will last beyond your tenure, assuming we reach the guidelines or the target dates that we are collectively shooting for here.    Tell me how that works, how anything, for which there is a legitimate appeal gets resolved once the office itself goes out of existence. Who would be responsible for, if a judgment is rendered, paying that judgment? I think that is one of Ms. McCollum's concerns, too. We do not want to just end the office. We do want to discharge the functions fairly and appropriately, and we want to make sure if there is some after math, that it gets taken care of and we do indeed end the effort.    Mr. Cole. Well, just out of curiosity, and I will direct this to the staff to my colleagues, is this something like the judgment fund or something would be in a position, because that is a very substantial fund, and it is a pretty well-established method as to how we handle those. And what you do not want to leave are people hanging out there, or forcing BIA or somebody else to pick up some obligation that they had not anticipated which diverts funds from someplace else.    Mr. Cole. I yield back my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cole. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, always a pleasure to see you.    An issue that I wanted to ask you about is after a number of years in working across the aisle, and with the Administration, we changed the Violence Against Women Act to extend more authority to tribes to deal with what is an epidemic of domestic violence and violence against women in general. Obviously authority is not capacity, and we have a number of tribes. I actually met earlier today with the Pascua Yaquis, who are invested in this, and I think are taking it very seriously.    Can you, number one, tell us how the pilot projects are proceeding, where you are pleased, and any concerns you have. And second, can you give us some sort of long-range vision on what our responsibility would be, in your view, to provide capacity? Again, some tribes are going to have the ability to finance these kind of efforts, and it is everything from good law enforcement to appropriate judicial systems and detention facilities. Some tribes simply will not. And so, I would like to get your views on this going forward.    Mr. Cole. Thank you. One additional question if I may, not related, but in Indian Country, and you may want to get back to us for the record on this. A number of years ago we made a very significant financial commitment in the Cobell settlement, and we have had a couple of hearings on this, Mr. Chairman, but that is a multiyear project, a lot of money involved frankly. And I least want to get your assessment of where we are both in terms of sort of reuniting fragmented land, getting that back into use by tribes, and then the individual compensation awards.    Mr. Cole. Well, I really want to thank you on these efforts. I think it makes a big difference in terms of dealing with past grievances, and, frankly, putting land back to productive use for tribes. So the Administration is to be commended here, and I would like to continue to work with you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.