    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to commend the chairman on continuing to tackle this complex and important issue by bringing up these bipartisan bills today and ensure that we keep moving forward to ensure that seniors get the access to the care that they need. And I think the bills before us today will strengthen existing programs and build upon the momentum that we started in the field with SGR reform.    I am particularly happy and want to focus on Mr. Walden's bill before us today addressing the issue with CMS's current face-to-face rule. I have long said that these rules initially put forward by CMS are imposing crushing burdens on home health agencies rules and impair their ability to provide seniors the home health services that they deserve.    Complicated, confusing, inconsistently enforced, the current face-to-face regulations have exceeded the intent of the law, and I believe has hindered the work of caregivers at home health agencies. And it is having three real-world implications for three home healthcare agencies operating within my district.    The survey actually found that 52 percent of face-to-face claim denials resulted mainly from Medicare's determination that physician's documentation was insufficient, even though medically necessary care was provided. I believe this is creating an access-to-care crisis, particularly in rural parts, not only in my district, but across the country. And it is preventing providers from delivering vital services to those most in need. Speaking of, home health patients are more likely to be women, more likely to be older, more likely to be sicker, poorer, and minorities. And I think Mr. Walden's bill makes commonsense reforms to bring the CMS rule into the scope of the intent of the law.    So I would like to just ask you, Ms. Myers, a few questions. Can you give us any real-world examples of issues about the current documentation requirements that aren't working as intended?    Mrs. Brooks. Can you tell me whether or not the impact of these denials, or the problems with the documentation, how is it affecting the small and the rural agencies?    Mrs. Brooks. Do you have to, what I suspect, the agencies have to often hire extra administrative staff to take care of all of the documentation? Is that what you are seeing? Or is it actually the providers that are trying to do what is administrative work?    Mrs. Brooks. Do you have any idea roughly how many patients she cares for?    Mrs. Brooks. Can you talk to me a little bit more about the issues between how is the face-to-face requirement straining the relationship between the physicians and the home health providers? What is happening with that?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. My time is up.