    Mr. Tonko. I thank the ranking member of our Energy and Commerce Committee for yielding. And I thank you, Mr. Chair, and, Ranking Member DeGette, for holding this hearing on such a critically important topic.    As I travel around my congressional district in the capital region of New York, I hear stories daily from individuals and families as they struggle with the ravages of mental illness. Their pain is indeed real, and we must commit this Congress to doing everything within its power to ease their burdens.    In that vein, I welcome today's hearing, and the underlying GAO report that we are here to discuss as it advances the conversation on some basic good governance questions on how the Federal Government should approach programs aimed at helping individuals with serious mental illness. And while I concur with the report's conclusion that high-level coordination can be essential to identifying gaps in services and evaluating overall efforts, it is important to keep in mind that coordination is not an end unto itself. Where additional interagency coordination, whether at the programmatic or department level, can be an effective use of the Federal Government's time and money, and more importantly, is beneficial to individuals with serious mental illness, we should welcome it. Where it does not meet that test, we should not be adding additional layers of bureaucracy that divert time and resources from the people that need it the most.    As such, I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today on where coordination efforts can be built upon so that we can have an improved outcome for those living with mental illness.    And I thank you and yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Dr. Frank, has the failure of some of our states to expand Medicaid eligibility in accordance with the Affordable Care Act affected in any way the ability to treat those with mental illness or mental health disorders?    Mr. Tonko. Yes. And would you have any data that are directly speaking to the mortality rates in those states that you could provide to the committee?    Mr. Tonko. Yes. And if I could ask the three of you, and I will start with Dr. Kohn, how do you define serious mental illness?    Mr. Tonko. OK. Dr. Frank?    Mr. Tonko. And, Administrator Hyde?    Mr. Tonko. And so, therefore, is serious mental illness a static state?    Mr. Tonko. OK. Well, there has been a lot of emphasis today on SAMHSA's work on treating mental illness, and specifically serious mental illness, but we need to keep in mind, I believe, that these individuals represent a small portion of the overall population living with mental illness. And we also need to keep in mind that we will be more effective with these patients by treating them early in the course of their illness, and perhaps altering the trajectory of their condition, rather than reacting to crisis situations that arise time and time again. SAMHSA plays an important role in the prevention and early detection of serious mental illness, and I have seen that in programs that reach my district.    So, Administrator Hyde, can you discuss some of the ways that SAMHSA supports the prevention and early diagnosis of serious mental illness?    Mr. Tonko. I thank you. And I believe we should not lose sight of the agency's other critical activities, and how they advance your mission as well. So I thank you all for your responses.    I yield back.