    Ms. Chu. Attorney General, I want to bring your attention to the cases of Chinese-American scientists Guoqing Cao, Shuyu Li, Sherry Chen, and Xiaoxing Xi. All of these named individuals, despite their ethnic names, are American citizens, and all of them have been profiled, suspected, and treated as spies by our Nation's government within the past 2 years, only to have all charges dropped.    And these are only the cases that actually reached national headlines. There could be countless more.    Two of these individuals, Sherry Chen and Xiaoxing Xi, are here at today's hearing, sitting two rows behind you. I want to take a moment to share their stories with you.    Dr. Xiaoxing Xi is a professor and the interim chairman of the physics department of Temple University. In May of this year, on a day that seemed like any other ordinary day, Dr. Xi and his family were woken up at the break of dawn by almost a dozen armed FBI agents in his home pointing guns at him. In his pajamas, he was handcuffed and arrested in front of his wife, two young daughters, and neighbors.    After months of investigation, after losing his position as chair of the physics department, after the emotional trauma that he and all his family endured, all of the charges against him were dropped. It turns out the technology that the government thought Professor Xi was sharing with China wasn't the right technology to begin with.    We also have Sherry Chen, who, like Dr. Xi, was wrongfully profiled and suspected of being a spy for China. She was arrested by six FBI officers and humiliatingly handcuffed in her own office at the National Weather Service. After months of investigation and having her reputation smeared, all the charges against her were dropped. Not only is she suffering from mental and emotional turmoil that this investigation has caused, she is now fighting for her job as a hydrologist within the Department of Commerce.    These Chinese-Americans were wrongfully suspected of spies and paraded as criminals through their arrest, only to have the charges later dropped, but not before they were traumatized and their lives nearly ruined. And it leads us to question, are all Chinese-American scientists suspect because they are Chinese-Americans?    So my question to you is, what went wrong in these cases? And how are you addressing this internally, especially with the FBI, to prevent this from happening in the future?    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, Congresswoman.    I can state to you unequivocally that the Department of Justice does not focus an investigation on any individual on the basis of their race or their national origin.    Now, with respect to the specific cases that you mentioned, I'm not able to comment on those specifics at this time.    Ms. Chu. Even if you can't comment on the specifics of the cases, I will follow up with you personally on the details of these cases.    There is no question that we must fight against espionage and threats to American innovation, but, in this process, we must not ensnare innocent Americans that make this Nation great or undermine our fundamental values of liberty, due process, and equality under the law.    This is especially true in light of the horrendous Paris attacks, which senselessly took over 120 lives in an act of terror. While we must combat terrorism and protect our national security, we must also not impinge upon fundamental rights. We must ensure that we do not see an increase in profiling against Muslims because of these events.    We have seen what happens when we compromise our fundamental values. In fact, it wasn't too long ago that 120,000 people of Japanese ancestry were removed from their homes, rounded up, and incarcerated during World War II, accused of having spies amongst them. They were proud Americans, but their citizenship meant nothing. In the eyes of our government, all of them were potential spies, outsiders, and enemies. Yet, over 60 years later, not a single case of espionage has ever been proven.    Today, when we profile Chinese-American scientists in this manner or any American on the basis of their race, ethnicity, religion, or country of origin, our government is telling our own citizens, our own communities, that they are un-American and that it's okay to fear or even hate them. When this happens, in my opinion, we have failed as a government and as Americans.    I yield back.