    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this important hearing.    With a population of 1\1/4\ billion people, India is the world's largest democracy, the largest democracy in history. Some 550 million people voted in the last nationwide elections.    When you look at the people of India, you see that many have moved outside India to create a diaspora. Everywhere in the world that diaspora is considerably more educated and considerably wealthier than the country in which it is located. In fact, the only place you can go to find a poor person of Indian heritage is India. I am confident that, as India gets better governance, it will emerge as one of the richer countries in the world.    The United States and India share many core values, including religious pluralism, individual freedom, the rule of law, and electoral democracy, and both have rejected and are working together against radical Islamic extremism. The Indo-American community in the United States is a vital link between the two countries and has helped build bridges. New Delhi has played an important role in regional peace and security. Its growing economic power adds to its ability to deal with strategic issues.    India's growth path shows that it can be compared to China. I used to be a business advisor and now and then give free business advice to those of my constituents foolish enough to ask me for it, and I pointed out that an investment in India makes a lot more sense than one in China. In India you have the rule of law. In India you also have the long-term stability, messy as it is, of governing institutions.    The United States during the Great Depression showed that democracy can survive a 20-, 30-, even 40-percent decline in GDP. I do not think that a system of government built around a party that got power by claiming to be the vanguard of the proletariat, but now says it is not, could survive even zero-percent economic growth for a year or two. So, while China gives this image of stability, it does not have a system which could explain to its people why certain individuals hold positions of power.    Over the past decades, we have seen the U.S. work to bring India out from nuclear isolation and, of course, increase defense and security cooperation. The International Energy Administration estimates that India will require $2.1 trillion of investment in its power sector. Of course, India is looking to develop its own oil and natural gas resources and is seeking $25 billion of investment there. I want to do everything possible to make sure that the tremendous amount of equipment that is necessary for this power expansion is produced in America by American workers.    I was one of 83 Members of Congress, along with at least several people in this room, to urge that this House provide Prime Minister Modi with the highest honor we can provide a foreign leader, and that is an invitation to address a Joint Session of Congress. While the schedule couldn't be worked out last time, I look forward to hearing Prime Minister Modi while sitting on the House Floor.    We look forward to expanding our trade relationship, which is now at only $110 billion. I believe the Vice President and others have announced the goal of expanding that to $500 billion of bilateral trade.    But I will point out that this has got to be balanced trade, that the people of this country have, in case we haven't noticed, risen to totally repudiate the trade policies that we have followed so far, which are misnamed ``free trade.'' Every single Presidential candidate with over 150 delegates has absolutely repudiated the trade policy that has guided us over the last 20 years. Now some of them have done it rather reluctantly, but all of those who are still significant candidates have done so.    So, the people of this country look forward to expanding trade around the world on a balanced basis, not with the United States running huge trade deficits. It will take a completely different model of trade to achieve that. Those who come to the American people and just say all trade is good, no matter whether it is balanced or not, will be, have been utterly repudiated by the people of this country.    And I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    In evaluating trade relationships, we all too often focus on revenue for American corporations or profits for American corporations, and all too little emphasis is put on jobs for American workers.    I would point out that Japan runs a $5-billion surplus or a $4-billion to $5-billion surplus with India. Germany runs a $5-billion surplus with India. There are two possible explanations of why we are running a deficit. One is that our workers are not as good. The other is that our Government is not as good at representing the interests of American workers. I think that the elites in Washington should plead guilty because it is the second and not the first.    Mr. Rossow, what changes in U.S. law, policy, or regulation is India seeking?    Mr. Sherman. So, all of those things relate to how immigrants and/or diaspora workers are treated. Anything on trade?    Mr. Sherman. Investment? Any of the things that we usually negotiate? Anything that our Trade Representative's Office would actually deal with?    Mr. Sherman. Yes, it is on the agenda, but is there anything that India is seeking in that investment treaty or are they just kind of talking to us because it is one of the things we like to talk about?    Mr. Sherman. And that investment may deprive Americans of work. Indians watch a lot of movies. A lot of movies are made in India. What are the restrictions on American firms, Hollywood, having their movies exhibited on screens and TV sets in India? Mr. Rossow?    Mr. Sherman. Is any of the other witnesses aware?    Mr. Sherman. Yes, there are a lot of Hollywood movies in China, but they restrict us to 30 or 40 movies. There are no similar restrictions in India?    Mr. Sherman. What are the primary barriers to U.S. companies exporting goods and services to India? Mr. Rossow?    Mr. Sherman. India will be building nuclear power plants. We in Congress stepped forward and approved the Nuclear Cooperation Agreement. The thinking in India is that there will be some plants built by the United States. But, as a practical matter, Russian and French firms are government-owned and, therefore, they have sovereign immunity and could never be sued; whereas, a U.S. firm could be. We have turned to other countries to have liability protection, which really just puts our companies in the same position as the French and Russian companies. Obviously, Bhopal is still remembered in India.    We voted for the U.S.-India Energy Cooperation Agreement. Are we going to get any jobs out of it? Mr. Rossow?    Mr. Sherman. I will ask one other question.    Mr. Sherman. Yes.    Mr. Sherman. Is it well understood in India that they are, in effect, providing liability insulation for the French and Russian companies?    Mr. Sherman. Thank you for that. I am going to try to sneak in one more question with a two-word answer from each witness.    Pick two states in India where you think it is easiest for Americans to do business.    Mr. Sherman. Is Gujarat one of your two or----    Mr. Sherman. And Dr. Ayres?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. We have got three instead of two.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. May I join you in those comments?    Mr. Sherman. I want to thank the panel for coming here, and I look forward to the U.S.-India relationship not being our 10th largest trading partner in the future.