    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am confused, so help me, because I wasn't here when we did Dodd-Frank. And I am hearing some things that sound inconsistent to my layman's ear. I hear talk of tailoring, and I hear talk of Fed nuance. I hear Dr. Johnson saying that is probably one way around the concerns that we have on this side of the aisle.    Yet, Dr. Johnson, in reading your opening testimony, you are critical of the Fed's lack of ability to apply the same nuance before the crisis. So I guess one of the questions I have--and we probably won't get a chance to get into it here today--is, why do you think the Fed is going to do a good job now, when you thought they did a lousy job before the crisis?    So I am not sure if--if you don't like the fact of Congress setting the nuance, you are okay now, I guess, with the Fed setting this nuance, but you were unhappy with the way the Fed did it before the crisis. So it seems like you are taking the exact opposite position after the crisis as you took before the crisis.    But let me start from scratch, and see if I can get a handle on one thing here.    Dr. Johnson, you just said you would be okay with changing the number, which makes me wonder, how did we get the number in the first place? Does anybody know? Did we just pick $50 billion? I wasn't here. Does anybody know why we have $50 billion? Is it defensible?    Dr. Kupiec?    Mr. Mulvaney. I see a couple of people nodding their heads. So, unless somebody wants to disagree, I will take that for the sake of this discussion.    Dr. Barth said something I am going to come back to in a second about evidence regarding regional banks. Let me ask--that is a nice word to use. Is there any evidence that $50 billion is the right number?    Mr. Mulvaney. I will go down the line.    Very quickly, Dr. Johnson?    Mr. Mulvaney. Got it.    Mr. Mulvaney. I have heard that, but I have also heard you say that it depends on the business model and the risks they take, not necessarily the size of the asset.    So I am asking again, is there any evidence, other than the fact that a staffer found it in a previous bill, that $50 billion is the right number?    Anybody else?    Dr. Barth?    Mr. Mulvaney. Dr. Barth, that is music to my ears.    Keep going, then. Tell me the evidence you had about the fact that the regional banks are not systemically important. Because you said the word ``evidence,'' which is something I pay attention to.    Mr. Mulvaney. Dr. Barth, I apologize. I have 10 seconds, and I want to ask one final question.    Does anybody disagree--we have Republican witnesses, Democrat witnesses. Does anybody disagree with the concept that we should be using evidence in writing our laws?    Okay. I will take that as a ``no'' on both sides of the aisle.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.