    Mr. Swalwell. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you to our panelists.    My first question relates to something that a number of the Members have brought up, which is it seems that America and our investments in federally funded research have been in decline, and as a result, our successes have been in decline and our ability to attract and recruit and retain some of the best and brightest scientists may be in decline. So let's just for argument's sake go back to 1995. I was 14 years old. And the Human Genome Project was just starting to get off the ground and many great results came out of that. That was 20 years ago. Would each witness just say more or less has America and its--have you seen the investments that we've made as far as federally funded research, has that made America more or less exceptional in this field? So just tell me more or less. And I'll start with Dr. Dzau, just one word.    Mr. Swalwell. So I'm confused because each of you has said that our investments have been on the decline and so you're telling me that we actually have made more investments since 1995 and you believe we are more exceptional now in these fields?    Mr. Swalwell. But comparing----    Mr. Swalwell. Sure.    Mr. Swalwell. Is that right, less, Dr. Dzau?    Mr. Swalwell. Dr. Doudna?    Mr. Swalwell. Dr. McNally?    Mr. Swalwell. Dr. Kahn?    Mr. Swalwell. Okay. So that was my question. You would agree that we have become less exceptional in the field of genetic engineering as far as it relates to human DNA since 1995, that we've been on the decline?    Mr. Swalwell. 2005 is the----    Mr. Swalwell. --point, Dr. McNally?    Mr. Swalwell. So what's exciting about this research and this field is the potential for us to conquer diseases before they conquer us. And I look at the example of Huntington's disease, which affects anywhere from 30,000 to 200,000 people, and it's a disease that is so cruel it steals your memory and affects your muscular system.    And I'm just wondering, maybe if Dr. Doudna can tell us and have others weigh in, what can the United States do specifically to take leadership in this area if we have the appropriate funding so that we can conquer these diseases?    Mr. Swalwell. And how can we tell the story to the American people who look to us as a Congress to make the decisions when it comes to funding with so many competing priorities? How can we tell them that something--like $1 invested in basic research where you may not be able to tell us what disease you're going to be able to cure 10 to 15 years from now but there's still--the taxpayer is looking to us to, you know, hold accountable the funding. Like how can we better tell the stories of the science community about what we could see from this down the road and how we could truly, you know, attack and cure some of these diseases? I think that's probably one of the biggest challenges. And maybe Dr. McNally would want to answer.    Mr. Swalwell. Great, thank you. And, you know, I know every Member up here has thousands of people in their district who go to bed on their knees praying that people like you will make discoveries that will make them or their relatives live healthier lives. So thank you for what you're doing and hopefully we can do the right thing here and better fund your initiatives.    And I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And I now recognize Mr. Westerman for five minutes.