    Mr. Begaye. Good afternoon, Chairman Chaffetz and Chairman Bishop. Good to see you all, always. Thank you for your support, and also Ranking Members of the committees. My name is Russell Begaye , and I am the President of the Navajo Nation.    I was born and raised along the San Juan River in Shiprock. Years ago, when I was a little boy, we saw hundreds of fish, dead fish, floating down the river. As boys, we would jump in the river, catching the dying fish. I had been asking for years why those fish were dead. I did not get an answer until August 13, when Administrator McCarthy came to visit our nation: 1.5 million gallons of radium 226 spilled from the uranium mill site located by the bridge in my hometown, Shiprock. We not only swam in that radioactive water, but my brothers ate the contaminated fish.    I am asking members of these two committees to not allow history to repeat itself. Hold the EPA accountable for the toxic spill that occurred on August 5, about a month-and-a-half ago. Do not let them get away with their negligence. Our people are suffering. Much of the organic crops have been lost. Our livestock are penned up. Our farmers and ranchers are exhausted from hauling water. Our children are afraid of the river.    We have been told by the EPA that cleanup will take decades. This is what we will have to live with for years to come.    Today, we come to ask for help. The White House is silent. FEMA, DOI, and other Federal agencies are being told to not use their own resources to help us by the U.S. EPA. The U.S. EPA has made promises, but we have not seen any of these promises fulfilled. The promises were made empty. They are like the thunder we hear over our land, but with no rain.    What our people need, first and foremost, is compensation now. The farmers and ranchers cannot wait months before they are compensated for their damages. I know this year's bills will not be paid by these families, clothing for children will not be bought, and food will be scarce. Have the EPA set up an emergency compensation fund, and provide ongoing repayment of losses as they are submitted. Do not be a party to this injustice by having our farmers waive future claims after they get their first compensation checks.    Secondly, we need an alternative water source for drinking, for our livestock, and for irrigating our farms. We are asking that wells be drilled, a reservoir built, and water be piped from the Navajo Dam. We want the EPA to build us a laboratory on the Navajo Nation, so we ourselves can continuously test our water, soil, plants, and livestock. We are asking this committee to tell President Obama to declare the San Juan a disaster area. Only then will other Federal agencies besides EPA provide services we need. This will allow FEMA, USDA, DOI, and other Federal agencies to provide resources we need now.    We are asking this committee to hold a follow-up hearing in 6 months, because we do not want this to become old news a week from now. The Navajo Nation will not let any and all negligent parties get away with this disaster. We will stand our ground until our river and river beds are safe once again for our children to play in, and for our people to use as a drinking source. The Navajo Nation will no longer stand back when these types of atrocities are done to our people, our land, and our water--for water is life.    I just want to thank you for your time and attention, and we will look to your leadership to right this injustice. Thank you.    Mr. Begaye. Thank you for the question. First of all, the coordination, if it means waiting 2 days before you are notified, I would not label that as coordination.    The first time we had conversation was at a conference call on Friday afternoon, where EPA told us that the cleanup would take decades to complete. I was stunned by that statement, because I thought that, as EPA said before at a public hearing on Saturday evening, the next day they said that at the base of the mountain, the water was clearing up. Excuse me, that was Sunday afternoon. We had just returned from the mountain, and were taking photos of the river, and we went to the mouth of the mountain and looked inside. It was still very much the color of orange juice, very much yellow.    I told the EPA person that this is what we saw, and the person that was answering the question to the public at that public forum in Durango, he said, ``Well, I was told different. I was told that it was clearing up.'' If that is coordination, and if that is what they thought, it was completely false.    Mr. Begaye. We decided to go up there on Saturday--and to go up there on Sunday, but we decided to do that on Saturday. So, we started making calls to Region 6, or to the Denver office; and they said, ``Well, you can only go up to the first blockade, and that is it.''    So we kept driving toward the location; and I told that individual that is on my staff, I said, ``Call Region 9, see what they say.'' So, they start talking to the person from Region 9. At that point, we realized that the regions were not talking to one another.    As we got up to the mountain, we were given clearance to the blockade, and then they say, ``You can only get down to the base, down to the bottom.'' And you could not see very much of what took place.    We proceeded to drive up--and it was not a really difficult drive up to the area--and I did not realize that the mouth of the mine was just a little ways further from where we stopped. I thought it was further up, so I jumped out of the SUV and started walking up the hill. When I got up to the top, that is where the mine was.    We were first told we could only go up to the blockade, which is at least 2 miles away. You cannot see a thing, it is all tall pines and so forth, but it was through the other region, Region 9, that gave us a little bit more clearance to move a little bit farther up the stream. Even at that point, I did not realize that we were supposed to stop there. No one told me that was a stopping point, so I just kept walking, and no one said----    Mr. Begaye. On that Sunday afternoon, I got a call and they were saying, ``We are sending people. They will come and help you. They will be on the ground to assist you.'' I was very thankful that EPA responded so quickly, and that they sent two people to help us monitor the situation. So they flew into Durango, they took a car down from there to Farmington on to Shiprock--that is what they told me.    Later on, we discovered that they were in the communities up and down the river, giving out this Standard Form 95. We did not know that was taking place until one of the local officials in one of the communities called us up and said, ``This is what they are passing out. What do we do with it? ''    Our Navajo attorney general took a look at the form, and immediately caught the waiver language. I asked to see it, they explained what that meant to me, or what that meant to our farmers and our ranchers. So, we immediately put the word out. We got on the radio. Immediately I called the radio station and, in my Navajo language, explained to the people not to sign that form. I told them if you do, you are not going to get full compensation for the damages that you incurred. We did news releases, we put the word out there, some of the local papers ran that story on our behalf, because this was just a slap in the face, we felt that the EPA was trying to minimize the damage payments that they were going to make. That was our experience with Standard Form 95.    The Chairman. OK. We went over a little bit there, but I think we can handle it with this size of a panel.    Mr. Cartwright, do you have any questions?    Mr. Begaye. Yes, Congressman Cartwright. Whoever caused these types of spills, they ought to be held accountable, whoever they are. And----    Mr. Begaye. Well, we do not put dollars before the health of our people, our land, and our water. In our own testing, Navajo Nation EPA has told us that there are high levels of metals, sediments, and contaminants that are unhealthy for our animals. So, we have become a dumping ground of wastewater, because the Animas River is quite different from the San Juan. The San Juan is slow moving; anything that comes down the Animas, because it is high altitude, gets into our slow-moving water, and that is where they settle.    Mr. Begaye. For the Navajo Nation, we have the expertise, we have the engineers, we have scientists running our Navajo Nation EPA. EPA can provide the funds, or whatever entity, whatever Federal agency can provide us the funds, and we can do our own cleanup, and we will do it in the way it should be done properly. Thank you.    Mr. Begaye. Absolutely. It would help. In this case, we are the ones that took action to close irrigation gates, not the EPA. We are the ones that made those decisions based on information that came down to us. So, if we had received that quicker, we would have responded better and prepared better; and our people would have been ready, rather than being thrust into a state of uncertainty, yes.    Mr. Begaye. Congressman Lujan, thank you for the questions.    Number one, do not let this happen again--Superfund site, clean that thing up, do not let yellow water come down into our river again.    Second, on Standard Form 95, we need the U.S. Attorney General's opinion saying that that waiver is not final and you can continue to submit claims for damages. We need that opinion. We do not trust the word of Administrator McCarthy. We need a legal opinion from the U.S. Attorney General, so that we can feel much better about telling our people that they can continue to submit the form, and also that they be compensated continuously until all of this is resolved.    Also, dilution is not the solution; and that is what the EPA's term of cleanup is. It is not ours. They need to get out there, remove soil that is contaminated, remove that yellow soil from our land, and make sure that it is clean. Just diluting it by releasing more water from the dam is not the way to clean up the spill that has taken place on our land. Thank you.    Mr. Begaye. Thank you, Congressman Palmer. Pollen from corn is sacred to us. It is used for early morning prayers. It is used in ceremonies, extensively; and by the corn maturing quicker, it has hurt the pollen from germinating, from maturing. Our people are very concerned that they are not going to have enough pollen for their ceremonies, for their morning prayers, to be used in that way.    Also, you have all of these plants that our medicine people use that grow along the river. Those are being tainted, and they are no longer wanting to gather these herbal plants that are used in ceremonies along the river.    So, yes, it has definitely damaged that part of our culture that is sacred to us.    Mr. Begaye. For us, they need to clean up the mines that are up there; because if not, another blowout will occur, as we were told when we were standing alongside the person that actually was working the backhoe when the blowout occurred. He was saying there are other mines on the other side that are ready to blow out. So, we do not want that to occur again and again and again. And if it does, it will really hurt our sacred areas, our sacred plants, and our people's lives will be disrupted continuously.    Mr. Begaye. It has really devastated our nation. Two hundred and fifteen miles of the river lies on our nation. A third of the population utilizes it in varying ways: ranching, medicine, and farming.    Our farmers, when you look into their faces, and you stand alongside them, and they are telling you that they are still giving water to a melon that is this size--they know it is gone, I know it is gone--but they continue to give water to it, because it is like children, their family, a watermelon plant, a corn stalk, all of that. They are very closely connected to their farm, to their crops, in a spiritual way. It is very difficult to place a price on that type of relationship with nature that we have.    So, it will be extensive, and we cannot at this moment put a price on it. We really are reluctant to do so in many ways, culturally; but we will do that, we will do so.    Our people are hurting. And when you see EPA pulling out, and you have water tanks that are being pulled off, you have hay that is not being provided because of the spill that was caused by their workers, it is really devastating. At this moment, our nation is hurting.    Mr. Begaye. Navajo Nation, we have not received a single penny yet.    Mr. Begaye. Congresswoman, thank you. Our leaders in one community contacted our office, saying that there is a form being passed out by EPA workers--two workers--and we do not know what it is or whether we should fill this out or not.    Mr. Begaye. We got hold of one. The Navajo Nation Attorney General, who is also a graduate of Harvard Law, he reviewed it, looked at it, determined that this was a final settlement form, and that if they filled it out and were compensated, that was it. So I got on the radio in Navajo language, explained what it was to them, and everyone stopped filling out the forms.    But, we need an interim form now. We need the Attorney General to give us a legal opinion. We will not take the word of Administrator McCarthy, that the compensation will continue. We do not believe that until we see it in writing, clearly spelled out by the Attorney General of the United States.    Mr. Begaye. President Obama has been silent. Similarly, he closed his door on the Navajo Nation in its greatest time of need. So, we have yet to hear from the White House.    The Chairman. I also have--well, let me go on. Thank you.    Now, let me clarify one thing. When you were prohibited from going closer to the site by EPA, that was on your sovereign territory, where they said you could not go any further. Is that correct?    Mr. Begaye. This was up above Silverton, and it was on Colorado land.    The Chairman. All right, thank you. That clarified it.    Secretary Flynn, the EPA has asserted that they have sought to be transparent and work with states in supplying the information. Has that really been your experience?    Mr. Begaye. We were notified by the state of New Mexico.    The Chairman. And then you notified Utah, as well?    Mr. Begaye. Yes.    The Chairman. And New Mexico. So, actually, when the EPA talks about their notification process, it basically was non-existent. They did not notify squat. It had to be done by other people doing that process.    We do have one other Member that I think is--I am stretching here to see if I can get one other person to ask some questions. Is she coming? All right. Let me just kind of end and pontificate this, if I could.    We also have had votes that are called, so we are going to end this very quickly.    I appreciate the notification. I want to also emphasize the fact that you have three districts of the EPA that are involved in this area. They also were very late in getting notified, the people on the ground doing that kind of work, they did not have a great notification process, either.    So, as Congresswoman Lujan Grisham is getting ready, I will give her the last chance of asking some questions.    Let me just say that I have tried to emphasize how frustrated that I am that the EPA insisted on having their own panel that consumed 3 of the 4\1/2\ hours in which we have been here. I do not actually allow that in my committee, because I think it is important that the Administration--or any administration, actually--sits at the same table with those people over whom they make decisions.    And had your testimony--which I think is riveting and far more informative than the last 3 hours--had your testimony been given at the same time, we could have had the chance of actually going back to Administrator McCarthy and maybe try to get at some of the root issues that are here. I think sometimes we are saying the same words, but we are not actually meaning the same words. That is extremely frustrating to me, and it is why I tried to emphasize that so significantly. And it is not just Ms. McCarthy, it is the entire Administration that believes they have to be separate, and have to go first. I find that arrogant, and I find that disgusting.    So, I want to apologize for the fact that the four of you were cooling your heels for so long, because the testimony you have given and the questions that you have answered, I think, were fascinating. They would have been beneficial, not only for all of the Members who were here at the beginning to have heard, but it would be good for the entire EPA entourage who was here to actually hear the responses that you have given, because, in many cases, they are at sharp contrast with what EPA is telling us has or has not taken place. That is my last rant for the day.    Ms. Lujan, I will recognize you for the last questions before we go vote.