    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. So, in Dr. Orr's introduction, he talked a little bit about the cost cutting initiatives that cut across the offices within the Department of Energy.    So, this is actually an excellent example. We do have a cost cutting initiative which is for the Supercritical CO<INF>2</INF>, the STEP initiative. That is co-chaired by the Office of Fossil Energy and the Office of Nuclear Energy, so we work very closely on that initiative.    Nuclear Energy released an RFP in the first quarter of 2016. That is going to then feed into the work that EERE is doing. We are going to have a FOIA that we put out some time in March leading ton an award that will be made some time in the fiscal year, probably in September. The hope is that we will move forward on construction some time in the following year. So, again, very close collaboration between the Office of Nuclear Energy and the Office of Fossil Energy.    We have noted that this technology is applicable to renewables, it is applicable to fossil energy, it is also applicable to nuclear energy. When you look at the different fuel sources used, the greatest efficiencies for a Supercritical CO<INF>2</INF> we expect to occur in the temperature ranges that would be fossil applications, so that is why the highlight has moved from nuclear energy to fossil energy.    Again, we work very closely with the Office of Nuclear Energy in executing this project, and in doing the research together.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the question. Certainly, we do expect to meet or exceed that deadline for May. We are working on that right now, and expect to get it to the committee shortly.    Mr. Smith. Understood. So, we understand there is a May deadline that was input in the language. We also understand there is an opportunity to influence the ongoing process. So, we do expect to be able to move more quickly than May to get something back to the committee. In fact, that process has started within the Department of Energy and in our collaboration with OMB. So, that is ongoing in real time as we speak. We expect to be, as we noted in our congressional justification, submitting an amendment to our budget very shortly.    Mr. Smith. There are two areas that we are looking at funding, our base budget, including the additional $45 million, which is to handle deferred maintenance, which we see as being essential for the immediate operation of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.    So, this is the ongoing maintenance and deferred maintenance to ensure that the Petroleum Reserve is able to operate as it is intended.    In addition, we are expecting to submit an amendment to the fiscal year 2017 budget, which will be for modernization of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. That would include life extension, and that would also include modernization of----    Mr. Smith. But I would also include the modernization of docks and to increase the distribution capacity of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. That is the scope of the work that would be included within the budget amendment.    Mr. Smith. Well, thank you for the question. So the center of our research and development budget is on carbon capture and sequestration, which we think is still a very important part of the challenge of ensuring that all of our sources of domestic energy including coal and natural gas are relevant in future energy systems. Our budget has a slight increase from last year, going from $869 million up to $878 million. The coal capture systems are also going up slightly, total capture budget for coal going from $131 million to $139 million.    In addition to the coal capture budget, we have added a line for capture for natural gas systems and would like to point out that that indeed is in addition to the existing budget for coal capture systems. So we have maintained our focus on coal capture and in addition, we will be doing some additional research and development on capturing CO<INF>2</INF> from natural gas fired systems. That will benefit our understanding of how to reduce emissions from coal as well. So that's the center of our program for----    Mr. Smith. Well, so this is a new area of innovation in terms of deployment. There is a couple of major demonstrations that the department is working on, one in Mississippi and one down in Texas. There are of course coal fired power plants throughout the United States which will be the candidates for retrofitting so that you can take those systems and reduce the greenhouse gas emissions that are coming out of the coal fired systems. So there will be coal fired power plants throughout the United States that will be candidates for this technology.