    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Chairman, thank you for the recognition, thank you for having this hearing this morning, thanks to our witnesses. We always learn so much when we have a panel like this in front of us, and today I'm sure will be no exception.    This virus continues to spread through the Americas and it really has become clear that this is a direct threat to our public health and our public safety. So I'm in contact with people back in my state, and my county health officials, and one of the things that they've expressed to me is concern over the flexibility and the scalability of federal aid at the state level, so I'm actually interested in hearing from our panel about that this morning. Obviously, I share that concern. It is important that state and local agencies, as well as the local docs on the ground have the ability to fight what they need to fight and not have barriers from us at the federal level.    You know, Ebola happened in our backyard in north Texas, and many ways we thought we were prepared, but in some ways we turned out not to be prepared. So I guess I'm interested this morning; yes, I want the reassurances that we're prepared, but I really also want to hear what were the Lessons Learned when we went through the Ebola crisis in September and October of 2014, and what is the applicability of those lessons to what's going on on the ground today. A variety of other questions concerning the testing and the development of tests for this illness. And, obviously, I'm terribly interested, Dr. Fauci, in the pathogenesis of the illness as it affects pregnancies, both miscarriages and infants who are born affected, and very interested in learning the status of the vaccine development.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back my time.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you. And again, thanks to our panel for being here today, and we always do learn so much when you come in to talk with us.    So, Dr. Frieden, let me just ask you, after talking to my folks on the ground back in Denton County yesterday, what constraints has the CDC placed on states when it comes to the expenditure of preparedness Ebola dollars to combat Zika?    Mr. Burgess. Those dollars should be able to travel freely between missions?    Mr. Burgess. And please do, because that is important. And we're hearing stuff about funding. I get that. It always come up in this subcommittee, and I'm not immune to that. But, Dr. Frieden, let me just ask you, the travel restrictions, Tier 2 travel advisory right now for countries in the Caribbean and Central America, and South America. Is that correct?    Mr. Burgess. What is the reluctance to go to Tier 3 restrictions?    Mr. Burgess. You're asking us for more money. OK, I get that, and you're saying it's an emergency. I might believe you more that it's an emergency if you would be willing to say and we really don't want you to go down there. The State Department, when I talk to them they say oh, we rely entirely on the CDC, but they're also not assigning women of reproductive age to those outposts. So there's kind of a disconnect there.    Mr. Burgess. Again, it just seems logical that nonessential travel really should be circumspect right now.     Dr. Fauci, let me just ask you a question, because going back several years to what was called the Swine Flu outbreak, and we talked on several occasions during that. I remember the conference call that occurred during March Madness of 2009, and I remember talking to you during the August recess about the availability for the vaccine was a few weeks away. It wasn't quite going to be there for the start of school, but it would be a week or two after, so the middle of September. So that's a 6-month time frame if I'm doing my math correctly that you were able to identify the genetic sequence of the virus, reverse engineer a vaccine, test it, assure its safety and efficacy, and get it to school teachers on the second week of school. That's pretty impressive.    Mr. Burgess. And why are we different with this? Is this just because it's a different virus?    Mr. Burgess. Sure.    Mr. Burgess. Sure.    Mr. Burgess. Correct.    Mr. Burgess. Well, I do appreciate that, and I've got a number of questions. And certainly after communicating with my folks back home, this is going to be an ongoing evolving difficulty, and I really would appreciate the ability to interact with all of you as things develop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Burgess. And, Dr. Frieden, if we can just talk one second about the spraying issue. You and I have talked about this a lot in the past, straight spraying, aerial spraying. Obviously for this mosquito it is a little bit different, and as I understand it, it's backpacks and going into yards and gardens. So is the CDC developing any guidance for our local public health offices as to what they can and cannot do, or can and cannot expect? As far as local spraying, is it always going to require consent to go on property? Do people need to identify when they have an ill person at home so that those areas can be perhaps on heightened surveillance?    Mr. Burgess. Do people have the ability to actually get the insecticide themselves and use it in their homes if they don't want the CDC coming in with backpacks?    Mr. Burgess. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman.