    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome to all of the witnesses.    In the wake of the Supreme Court's decision in Kelo, I expressed concern that States and municipalities could use this decision to use their power of eminent domain, intentionally or not, to the detriment of those who are the least politically powerful, namely, the poor, the elderly, and minority communities.    While the power of eminent domain can and historically has been abused, we should allow the States to craft their responses rather than impose potentially awkward and one-size-fits-all Federal legislative responses. Nonetheless, we should keep the following in mind as we consider property rights and the Constitution this afternoon.    To begin with, abuse of the eminent domain power has a long and shameful history of disproportionately impacting minority and other politically marginalized communities. Urban neighborhoods that lacked institutional and political power were often designated as blighted areas, slated for redevelopment through urban renewal programs.    And properties were condemned and land was turned over for private parties, sometimes for what seemed like primarily private benefit. In Detroit, for example, a vibrant working class neighborhood called Poletown was condemned in order to build an automobile plant that was later shut down only a few years after opening, demonstrating firsthand how eminent domain can lead to bad outcomes.    This underscores why it is important that we continue to monitor the facts on the ground to determine whether Federal action is warranted. If the States do not continue to act to protect citizens, Congress should remain ready, willing, and able to do so.    Having said this, it's important to respect principles of federalism before Congress intervenes in eminent domain decisions, an area traditionally reserved to States and localities.    In Kelo, the Supreme Court made clear that States are free to revise their laws accordingly to restrict the use of eminent domain and most have done so. I'm encouraged that at least 43 States have followed that advice and taken steps to limit their own powers of eminent domain to guard against potential abuse. For example, in 2006 Michigan voters approved an amendment to their State constitution to preclude takings for economic development or tax enhancement, among a number of other protections for property owners and tenants.    Given the fact that our system of federalism appears to be working and that most States, by and large, have acted to prevent potential abuse in response to Kelo, Federal intervention is unnecessary and inappropriate at this time. And it's also for this reason that I voted against legislation considered only in the last Congress that would have imposed draconian penalties on States and localities for exercising their eminent domain power for economic redevelopment.    And finally, with respect to the issue of regulatory takings, I note that courts have generally and appropriately made it very difficult for property owners to prevail in such types of cases, for any other result would make it exceptionally difficult for government to regulate. I suspect that's precisely the result that most who oppose government regulation generally and environmental regulation in particular might want. And perhaps they can take solace in the fact that the last four Takings Clause decisions by the Supreme Court came out in favor of the property owner.    We should, however, be very wary of courts undermining implementation of environmental laws and other public health, safety, and welfare regulations by giving an overly broad interpretation of the Takings Clause to require compensation in any but the most extreme and rare circumstances.    And so I welcome this discussion this afternoon. And I yield back the balance of my time.