    Mr. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is an honor to be here with all of you and with my colleague Colonel Cook. He and I had the opportunity to lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier just last week. I stood and watched while he performed that difficult duty in the rain.    Mr. Maloney. It was an honor to be there with him, and it is an honor to be here with all of you.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Takano, members of the committee, thank you for holding this hearing and allowing me to testify in support of my bill, H.R. 356, the Wounded Warrior Employment Improvement Act. I know the committee has a lot of work to do, so I will be brief.    First off, I would like to thank Ranking Member Takano and Congressman Markwayne Mullin, who joined me as original cosponsors of this bill and worked to help move this legislation forward. I would also like to acknowledge the Wounded Warrior Project, which played a key role in crafting the legislation. And thank you to the staff of the Veterans' Affairs Committee for working with my office on this, as well.    My dad, Jim Maloney, was a World War II-era veteran who was fairly injured in the line of duty in 1946 aboard the USS Manchester. The guy next to him was killed. And my dad spent months in a naval hospital, about a year, trying to get back to his life. You know, his high school sweetheart, my mom, wrote him a letter every day that he was in that hospital, and he credits her and those letters with leading him back to a productive life.    But the truth is, when he finally got out of that hospital, his government was also there for him. It invested in him. He was able to go to school. He was able to get a job. He was able to start a family, have six kids, send us all to school, live his dream. And that, after all, is what it is all about.    But today too many members of the military return home only to struggle to reenter the workforce or to enter it for the first time. This problem is particularly prevalent among the roughly 3 million veterans who, like my dad, came home with a service-related disability. Our veterans deserve to know that when they come home their country will not forget their service. I know we all agree about that, and we have an obligation to safeguard that promise.    The VA's VR&E program is the critical tool for helping combat-disabled veterans find their place in the workforce, but, unfortunately, as a 2014 GAO report found, the program is badly in need of reform. The report highlighted problems with staff allocation and training, overwhelmed caseworkers, and flawed performance metrics that make it difficult to accurately gauge the program's effectiveness.    So my legislation is straightforward and simple. It would require the VA to develop a specific action plan to fix the problems identified in this GAO report. This bill would help reduce caseloads, increase enrollment in education programs, and implement a new training program to ensure that the staff are able to meet the needs of today's veterans, particularly those with traumatic brain injury and PTSD.    I am proud that this bill has the support of AFGE, the IAVA, the Wounded Warrior Project, Vets First, and the American Legion.    I know that the VA has already taken steps to address some of these issues, and I appreciate that work, but, as the GAO report acknowledged, quote, ``weaknesses remain.'' We cannot stop improving this program until it works and until it works well. We all know that, when given the opportunity, American veterans thrive in the workforce. They just need a government that is as good as they are and that is committed to investing in their success.    Thank you, and I look forward to working with all of you in support of this important goal. And I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today.