    Mr. Rhoades. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to speak to you regarding the TSA's use of punitive directed reassignments, senior leader misconduct, retaliation, and its impact on security.    Directed reassignments have been punitively used by TSA senior leadership as a means to silence dissent, force early retirements or resignations. Senior leader misconduct and retaliation help explain why the TSA underperforms.    Recently, I was asked to profile Somali imams and community members visiting my office. I will not do this. I am not a tiff-tiff. Additionally, my supervisor accused me of ``going native'' after attending a meeting at a local mosque. Those in the community in Minneapolis know I would never betray their trust by profiling them.    This unfortunate incident is not reflective of the entire U.S. Government. TSA's problems are rooted in the areas of leadership and culture. Ours is a culture of misconduct, retaliation, lack of trust, cover-ups, and the refusal to hold senior leaders accountable for poor judgment and malfeasance.    Habitually, my agency bypasses merit principles in its allocations of awards and hiring. Simply put, we violate Jack Welch's principles of picking people. We elevate people in senior positions that do not have the experience, character, and ability to lead and manage a large, complex organization. The meteoric rise of unqualified individuals eventually corrects itself but only after subordinates and other employees suffer the consequences of poor leadership.    There is a chronic indifference towards investigating legitimate complaints. Moreover, my agency counsel employs nondisclosure agreements to keep people silent about misconduct and malfeasance, and the vicious cycle continues.    While some of these issues may predate the current TSA administrator, I've been in direct communication with him and my agency chief counsel on all these issues, some dating back since February of 2015, and I have yet to receive a reply.    Directed reassignments: I am the only TSA employee whose directed reassignment has been accepted by the U.S. Office of Special Counsel. I was given a directed reassignment based on the mistaken belief I was leaking information to the media in Minneapolis, and my professional and personal relationship with the former Minneapolis-Saint Paul Federal security director, area director, chief operating officer, and TSA acting administrator Ken Kasprisin. My agency was aware I was a recent father of two wonderful children but could not leave the State of Minnesota unless I was willing to lose custody of my children.    There's a financial price we as taxpayers pay for TSA mismanagement. I estimate the money saved by ending punitive directed reassignments, mismanagement, and out-of-control bonuses to senior executives would likely fund enough transportation security officers to staff some of our largest airports in the Nation.    The most egregious example of senior leader misconduct occurred with an assistant administrator. This employee sent provocative messages to a subordinate female under his purview. When questioned by an OI agent, he lied three times. The recommended penalty for a single lack of candor associated with an official investigation is removal from service.    A 24-page Office of Professional Responsibility report recommended this assistant administrator be removed from service. Instead, either the deputy or the acting TSA administrator ignored the advice of the Office of Professional Responsibility. The subject of this investigation is still employed with TSA. Why is it acceptable for TSA senior executives to lie when TSOs are removed for the same infraction?    In conclusion, the American public and Congress should care about what occurs in TSA because its senior leaders are mismanaging our agency, and our security effectiveness is compromised. Our corporate culture is analogous to the movie Animal House while the relationship between our headquarters and the field is best depicted in the TV series Game of Thrones.    I cannot imagine any company being successful when it treats its employee the way TSA does. If this was a private company, the entire leadership team would have been removed long ago.    I thank this committee for the opportunity to appear before you. I thank my Congresswoman from Minnesota, Betty McCollum, for her steadfast support. Until we correct the problems facing my agency, the TSA will always fall short of operating within the band of excellence. Our performance and potential reflects an agency in dire need of oversight. The American public deserves an agency focused on defeating the threat. Employees in TSA, TSOs in particular, deserve leaders who value and treat them with respect. We can do much better.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my prepared statement. I look forward to answering any questions from you or other members of this committee. Thank you.    Mr. Rhoades. Correct.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. So, I think the problem that's plaguing our agency is the fact that we have codes of conduct, we have policies, but we don't follow them. We have leaders that just abuse their power and authority. On a general term, if we had competent, ethical leaders, you can make the probationary period 10 years. It wouldn't matter if they would do the right thing. But as I--as Mr. Livingston stated, in the current state of TSA with as much retaliation, with as much of--you have to be in an inner circle or liked to get promoted, I absolutely would not support it.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir. In Minneapolis we built a regional headquarters for a regional director that had no intentions of coming to Minneapolis. He stayed in Michigan. And throughout that whole process, as I worked with the Office of Real Estate, I would identify why are we spending $300,000 on an office space that this regional director has no intention of coming to?    We're in the process right now of Minneapolis of changing that, but we're going to spend more money to revamp that office space for a coordination center where we should have done that at the beginning. We identified that years ago. I identified that years ago. But what happens is when you make suggestions like that, they just move around you or you get cut out of the meeting and you're not consulted anymore. So we'll spend--we've already spent $300,000 on this office space and we're going to spend, I don't know, $100, $150,000, potentially more, when we should have done that upfront. And it's just--it's gross mismanagement.    Mr. Rhoades. I cannot comment specifically on other locations. I can comment at Minneapolis. In 2013 we received what's called a Federal security director office of inspection--basically, a health check. And on page 18 of 40, which I provided to this committee, a supervisor at the checkpoints had identified that he or she--it doesn't give his or her gender--had expressed some frustrations that the wait times that they submit up for was being changed by management.    I can tell you at the Minneapolis-Saint Paul airport the airport police has at times begun to tabulate wait times. So think of that for a second. We are expending police resources at our airports to check on TSA reporting our wait times.    And as recently as last month, the airport is investing in some sort of automated wait time calculations. That would indicate, sir, that they don't trust the numbers that we're reporting.    Mr. Rhoades. Ma'am, I described to the committee staff that in March 1, 2015, I was aware of an incident at Minneapolis where a manager was in our coordination center. He was counting the wait times of the people in the checkpoint queue, and he was pulled away to respond to a real incident at the airport. He had counted approximately 18 minutes, and then a new manager came in. I believe she counted either somewhere around 5, but we've reported 18.    Mr. Rhoades. So ----    Mr. Rhoades. I don't have any information, ma'am.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Rhoades. Mr. Chairman, may I add one thing?    Mr. Rhoades. We keep talking about the failures at the checkpoints, and candidly, I think that's insulting to TSOs because the leaders are what put the TSOs in that environment. And so, yes, they've got a difficult mission, yes, we need to resource them, but let's not forget the fact that the people who brought us to the dance of those--the failures have the detection rate are still in leadership positions. And what training did they get? So, again, we're deflecting the problem on the TSOs, but we're not really talking about all the people in leadership positions who brought them to that dance.    Mr. Rhoades. No, sir, there is no logical explanation for that.    Mr. Rhoades. Precisely, none.    Mr. Rhoades. No contacts; no emails; no Drew, you're nuts: I've got a differing opinion; hey that's a good idea; nothing.    Mr. Rhoades. I can't answer that. It just--I--the only thing I can answer, sir, is I've been--I've not been contacted.    Mr. Rhoades. That's all I can answer.    Mr. Rhoades. Sir, I'd like to answer that. I'd like to first answer this by saying my AFGE president from Minnesota is here in attendance in support of this testimony.    Mr. Rhoades. I think the fact that she is here supporting me talking about mismanagement ----    Mr. Rhoades. But it requires ethical leadership, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. And totally off topic, I grew up in Braintree, Massachusetts ----    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. I wish I could, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Kasprisin, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. So let me try to answer that question, sir. I believe if the TSA was mandated to screen every employee at airports, it candidly would require much more resources. I am unqualified to professionally comment on how much those resources would require, but what I can say is that the Minneapolis-Saint Paul airport there are, I believe, over 10,000 people that work at that airport. Now, obviously some of them come during various times of the day in various shifts. And certainly the insider threat has received a new focused based upon world events.    What I will say is we are resourced in FTE based upon our mission, our baggage and passenger screening. Again, I'm unqualified to comment whether we should also receive resources ----    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Just ----    Mr. Rhoades. No, that's not unreasonable, sir. I think what our administrator has done, rightfully so, is focus--is reducing some of those access points at those airports. And if you're aware of what's called SIDA badges in various access points, those are available to some employees. However, again, I don't have any data to suggest or talk intelligently with respect to how many access points. I can say at Minneapolis the number of access points have been reduced, and we continue to reduce them.    Mr. Rhoades. I don't disagree with you, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. I am.    Mr. Rhoades. Thank you for that question, sir. You may not realize, but there's a New York Times article that was published this morning about profiling. You may know that in my opening statement I was asked to profile Somali imams and community members visiting me in my office. Those are facts. It's contained in my written midyear evaluation that I provided to this committee.    So Mohamed Farah is the director of what's called Ka Joog. I was not at the checkpoint during that time so I can't intelligently speak to what was or was not said. What I can say is whether you're black, white, male, female, Somali, Jew, Christian, Hindu, we should treat you the same. And it doesn't matter if you're flying on whatever airlines, you should be treated with respect.    Again, I'm not either taking Mohamed's position or refuting his position insomuch as I--to say that when we get to know people of the Somali community, they're hardworking. They want to be American citizens. My mother was an immigrant. My mother was a Japanese national, became a U.S. citizen and took her oath of citizenship in Boston, Massachusetts.    Mr. Rhoades. The best way I can answer that, sir, is like any investigation or inquiry, you've got to get the facts. I have met Mohamed Farah many times. We can at times have what's called a passenger support specialist, have someone assigned to him in the future when he flies out to make sure things like that don't happen, and we're happy to do that.    Mr. Rhoades. I don't know the names of the officers, candidly, sir. I'm unqualified to speak to that. So I don't have that information with me.    Mr. Rhoades. Again, sir, I don't have those facts. What I am suggesting is in my own experience with respect to the TSA, they've been less than forthcoming in addressing my complaints. So I would say that my complaints mirror Mohamed Farah's.    Mr. Rhoades. Sir, it happens everywhere. As you may read in my written testimony, I'd like to call the example of Mark Haught. This was a gentleman who was moved from Charlotte to Los Angeles. When he moved from Virginia over to Charlotte, the agency paid him $197,000 for one move. During that time, two of his sisters and his brothers died. His wife, after he got a directed reassignment to Los Angeles, was given a directed reassignment in Los Angeles back to Washington, D.C., on the opposite end of the United States. That's the punitive nature of directed reassignments ----    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Sir?    Mr. Rhoades. Ed Goodwin from Florida, he was given a directed reassignment. He was supposed to replace Jay Brainard in Des Moines, and he had--his parents were 89 and I believe 95 years old. One of them had Alzheimer's. His daughter was a high school senior in her last year of high school, and he was underwater in his mortgage and they gave him a directed reassignment. You know what he did? He quit. He resigned. And that's what he--and the New York Times wrote about him as well. That's what our agency does to people they want to run out.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Ma'am, if I may?    Mr. Rhoades. I was accused of going native.    Mr. Rhoades. Going native.    Mr. Rhoades. Ma'am, it's a slang term where I was visiting mosques in my official role working with the Somali community where Jeh Johnson, my Secretary, tells me he wants me to conduct community outreach, and my supervisor accused me of going native. I take that to mean I'm somehow converting to Islam, I'm acting as a native. It's a disgusting, bigoted term. And when I think of that within the context of my written midyear evaluation that tells me to profile Somali people, I'm disgusted by it. Going native? I'm truly disgusted by it.    Mr. Rhoades. I'd like to take a stab at that, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. I think the essential--one of the essential elements of a government is to protect its people. That's why you have a standing Army. I grew up as an Army ranger, and ranger lives and breathes a leader is responsible for his or her unit. He or she is responsible for everything that unit does or fails to do. And when there are failures, there must be consequences to those failures.    We don't have consequences to our failures in TSA. If this have happened in the military, entire people in the chain of command would have been relieved of command.    Mr. Rhoades. Absolutely. Yes, sir. But I'm just--suggest that whether it's private, whether we're title 5, whether we stay under ATSA, in my view, is irrelevant. It requires the most essential ingredient, and a private company--and I've worked for Kraft Foods in marketing--and that's leadership. I know it's the intangibles, but that's why we're all here because there's failures in leadership. It's failures of accountability, failures of a performance, but there's been nothing done. And that's why we're here.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. I agree.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Ma'am, Mr. Brainard had talked how Mel Carraway suspended tour-of-duty lengths initiative. That happened in November of 2014. I received my directed reassignment February 19 ----    Mr. Rhoades. You're just calling the same thing a directed reassignment. What's probably important for the committee to understand, on the night of February 19, 2015, my former Federal security director Ken Kasprisin called Mel Carraway on his cell phone. I was in his house. I heard every word Mel Carraway said. ``Rhoades shouldn't have gotten that directed reassignment. I suspended that action.'' That did not go through what's called the Executive Resources Council.    So it goes back to the point that I want to reinforce here. We can have all the policies we want written down, but if we're going to ignore them or work around them or lie about them, then it's ineffective.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rhoades. Yes, sir. I want to thank you for the opportunity to speak before the committee. It's very important to me. I hope I've communicated issues along with resolutions after reflective thought, and I'm very humbled that--to be asked here.    I appreciate the opportunity to be heard. If there is one thing that I wish the committee would have oversight on is the directed reassignments policy. It is absolutely abysmal.    Mr. Rhoades. And this is not personal. It's professional to me. As a parting suggestion, I would do an audit of all the TSA programs, awards, hiring, external to TSA because you cannot fix a problem unless you diagnose it correctly. And the TSA has a history and has certainly demonstrated that the responsiveness at times has not been there, however embarrassing it is. But in order for us to get healthier, we have to diagnose the problem and we have to take our medicine.    Thank you very much, sir.