    Mr. Neffenger. Thank you. I have written comments for the record and just a brief opening statement.    Good morning, Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Thompson, and distinguished Members of the committee. Thanks for the opportunity to testify in my new role as administrator of TSA. I am pleased to appear before you this morning to share my vision and my thoughts about the future of TSA.    Let me begin by saying that TSA is fundamentally a counter-terrorism organization. Our job is to deter, detect, and disrupt those who would harm our system of transportation across the country, especially the aviation sector.    We protect legitimate trade and travel. We have a no-fail mission, one for which the consequences of a successful attack overwhelm the risk equation and for which we must ensure we deliver mission success. This critically important core mission is my highest priority.    As I appear before this committee this morning, I am in the middle of my now fourth week on the job. Although brief, I have been thoroughly impressed with the professionals who occupy our ranks and I want to thank Mr. Thompson for noting those.    Officers and employees who have sworn an oath to serve their Nation in a mission--a critically important mission--that encounters more than 2 million travelers a day in the aviation sector alone. I have also had some time to become more familiar with the challenges facing the agency and develop a set of priorities.    My highest priority is to ensure solutions to the recent covert testing failures. Overall, there are several critical elements that are essential to improving screening operations. First, we must ensure the appropriate measures of effectiveness are in place to drive an institutional focus on our primary mission. What we measure is what our employees will pay attention to. So it is imperative that we get our metrics right.    Second, we must employ a culture of operational evolution, one that constantly reassesses our assumptions, our plans, and our processes and must be able to rapidly field new concepts of operation and new technologies.    Finally, delivering an effective system in earning the confidence of the traveling public will only come through competence, discipline, performance, and professionalism. I have conveyed these standards to our workforce and I commit to you that I relentlessly pursue these objectives.    I will take on this challenge with the leadership perspective that has been central to my approach my entire career. A well-defined and clear statement of mission, clear and unequivocal standards of performance, training and resourcing that enable the workforce to achieve success in an unwavering pursuit of accountability.    I will set expectations of strong values for the workforce and I will lead with TSA's core values of integrity, innovation, and team spirit at my core.    Since its creation after the attacks of September 11, 2001, TSA has played an invaluable role in protecting the traveling public. However, nearly 14 years later, we continue to face a range of threats from terrorists who are inspired by messages of hatred and violence. A number of terrorist groups remain intent on striking the United States and the West, and we know that some of them are specifically focused on aviation.    More troubling, today the threat is more decentralized, it is more diffuse and more complex than ever before. These persistent threats are TSA's most pressing challenge. Our enemies will continually adapt and so must we. We must leverage intelligence, technology, the experience of our front-line operators and our partners in Federal, State, and local governments in the private sector, to employ effective measures. We must pay particular attention to the insider threat.    A second challenge facing TSA is retention, training, and accountability. Front-line managers and screeners are critical to our success. Agency culture, morale, and effectiveness are a direct result of career-long development recognition and accountability.    The traveling public expects to be treated with dignity and respect. I will pay close attention to training and workforce development to include how to leverage and expand the TSA academy to develop leaders, improve individual performance, and instill a greater sense of pride in our agency, its mission, and its values.    A third organizational challenge for TSA is to ensure it is continually fielding the tools and equipment the workforce needs today, while envisioning how to modernize our system and transform the traveling experience in the future. I see a future where advanced capabilities can transform the experience, while preserving risk-based security as a central feature.    I think it is possible that an individual's biometric identity could effectively become the boarding pass of the future, linked to intelligence systems and requiring passage through an integrated capability designed to detect metallic- and non-metallic-based threats. This future can be realized with a suitable strategic approach.    As such, I commit myself to ensuring that TSA remains a high-performing, highly-capable counterterrorism organization, guided by a risk-based strategy, employing a multi-layered, intelligence-driven operation, and that we recruit and retain a highly-trained workforce, one that has the opportunity for career growth and development, while placing a premium on professional values and accountability; that we pursue advanced capabilities with innovation and competition central to our way of thinking, and that TSA continues to strengthen its integration in the intelligence community, in the private sector with our stakeholders, and among DHS and other Federal, State, and local partners.    I will follow this strategy, develop and lead the workforce, adapt and invest appropriately, and remain focused on these critical success factors.    Then finally, throughout my years of service, I know and I remain aware of the need to balance desires for greater security, with protection of the liberties and the rights that we cherish. Safeguarding civil liberties and privacy interests is a top priority, and I look forward to partnering with this committee to enhance the safety of the traveling public, and to achieve this balance.    I applaud the work that the men and women of TSA perform each and every day. It is a great honor to join them, and to have the privilege of serving with them in the defense of our country. Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Thompson, and Members of the committee, I thank you for the opportunity to be here today, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Neffenger. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the question. You are absolutely correct to point out that this is a huge concern, and it greatly disturbs me to know that we had that failure rate at the checkpoint.    As you know, the checkpoint, although not the only element in our system of security, is a critically important element in the system of security. It is the barrier between the sterile and non-sterile areas of an airport. It is a visible deterrent, and it is a last chance to catch items that we do not want getting on-board aircraft.    So as I looked at the failure rate, my immediate questions were the same ones that Secretary Johnson had. As you know, that came out during my nomination and confirmation process, and I had a number of conversations with the Secretary. He immediately ordered an establishment of a team to take a hard look at the nature of the failures and what they have done.    So I have inherited that team. I have seen the work that they have done. What I can do, is I will speak directly to what that team is doing, but then I will speak in more systemic terms of what I think it is telling us about where our concerns are.    As you know, I will begin by saying that covert testing is a net-positive because you want to try to break your system of security on a daily basis to ensure that you have got it right. It goes back to the need to continually adapt and evolve your organization. But when it breaks to the extent that we saw, that raises some significant questions about how effective you have been.    So what the team has done, is they took a hard look at exactly what the nature of each individual failure was. We looked case by case of the tests that the I.G. did. The I.G.--and I have sat and talked with the I.G. extensively about this, and they have been quite open about sharing their results.    We looked at the nature of the test, and we looked to see, is it a technology issue, is it a human-performance issue, is it a process or procedure issue? As you might suspect, it is, in some cases, some combination of those three elements.    Then we looked to see whether there was a way to mitigate that, so that what the team has done over the past 3 months is to take apart all of those. They have got a detailed brief. I would offer to the committee a detailed brief on the specifics of that team. I think it would be--it would help you to understand how we are moving forward.    Then we looked at, how do we train out those specific failures? Because the immediate need is to train out those failures so that we don't have a repeat of those. We are now in the process of doing that. Over the course of the next 60 days, by the end of September, we will have trained the failure, the specifics about the failures, to every front-line member of     That will address the immediate problem. I think that we can do that. The bigger question is: Are there systemic issues in the way we are approaching our business, that led to those failures in the first place, so that we--what I don't want to see is some other set of failures in the future.    I know that I can train to these, but I am interested in figuring out how we train to the larger, and to the larger questions out there. That is what we are working on now. That goes to a vision for how you then begin to think of yourself in this continuously-evolving, continuously-adapting way.    As I said, the thing to remember is that there are other elements of the system; some of them virtual, some other physical elements of the system. But the checkpoint is one of the most important, and we have to get that right.    Mr. Neffenger. That is a wonderful question, because as somebody who has traveled a lot over the years, I know what checkpoints can feel like when you get there. I do think that there is a vision for something in the future.    One of the best terms I have heard recently was ``security at the speed of life.'' I like that. There are a number of interesting and innovative ideas out there.    I mentioned one in my opening statement; the idea that you are your boarding pass. If I can tie you biometrically to a reservation, to an identification, and I can do so in a verified way, then, one, that moves you through the process faster. We eliminate boarding passes.    As you know, every airline has a different style of boarding pass. It makes it very challenging for those document checkers to check those, because they are looking at something different. There is not a lot of consistency there.    So I think we can eliminate the boarding pass. I think we can move to integrated technology that does--and right now there is a challenge because the AIT machines don't do metal detection. Metal detectors don't do non-metallic explosives. Nothing sniffs for explosives as you go through. I have actually seen prototypes of machines that you can walk through, and it does all of that in one.    Now, can they be fielded effectively? I don't know. I think this goes back to your earlier question about competition. I think we could do a lot more to incentivize competition in the private sector.    I am currently right now tied to a process that has me buying a lot of equipment that may be obsolete shortly after I buy it. I have to adapt continuously to a changing threat. I look at the way the Department of Defense, for example, has periodically incentivized competition in the private sector to come up with new ideas.    I think there are ways to do that. I would love to have more conversations with this committee on ways that we can do that, ways that we can use or modify some of our acquisition practices and policies to allow us to do that.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, thanks for your question.    I agree completely with you. I would like to see us, and in fact I have ordered a phasing out of the Managed Inclusion Program, because I think--the goal is to have a fully-vetted population in the PreCheck Program. The more I know--I want known people, people I trust going through the program.    That is really the heart of risk-based security is I want to separate a known population from the ones I don't know anything about, I want to make the experience less intrusive for the known population, one that reduces the burden on the agency. I am paying attention to the things I need to pay attention to versus people that have already vetted.    So, I think we have to phase out Managed Inclusion, because it introduces, I think, perhaps a higher level of risk than we want in the system. I want to grow the use of passenger-detecting--I mean, passenger-screening canines. These are the explosive detection dogs that we have out there. That is a--I mean, they are a tremendous asset and we are looking to expand that program slightly and to reposition some of the K9 teams that we have in locations that are lower-risk to higher-risk locations.    But more importantly, I want to look to--we are working on a request for a proposal to put out the option for private-sector third-party screeners to help us do the initial marketing and collection of people into the PreCheck Program. I have had a number of conversations with travel aggregators, with credit card companies and the like, and I think that there is an opportunity to expand that PreCheck population, the known population, enrolled population over the near term, and so I am encouraged by the opportunity.    I am hoping that this request for proposal generates a lot of interest and competition in in the private sector, and then to grow that population, but that is my move. Then to move people that are already screened, like we did with military members and others, that have already had background checks, that have already biometric on file, into the PreCheck Program based upon their on-going clearances.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I read the Federal employee viewpoint survey that TSA did, and you are right, it doesn't rank near the top of organizations. I think, as I go back to what I said in my opening statement. I think morale is a--first of all, it starts with a clear understanding of mission.    Actually I start with the fact that every one of them raised their hand and took an oath of office to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. That is a huge statement. If you think about it, how few people in this country do that? So they took a job that--I am sure their eyes were open, they knew it wasn't the most popular job in the country. But they said, ``I want to be the face of security for the traveling public.'' That is where morale starts.    Now, where does morale fail after that? It is when--it is if there is a disconnect between what they think they signed up for and what they think the organization is asking them to do.    So, I go right back to mission, and my three decades in Coast Guard taught me that it starts with mission, and then you have to talk about that mission, and you have to train to that mission, and you have to measure that mission. So if I come to work, I want to know that I am--that my agency is not only giving me the tools and the training I need to do it, they are doing it on a regular basis, and they are backing me up when I have to make decisions.    So, I think there is a lot of training of that, and I think that there is a work force engagement piece.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I am not familiar with the concern that you are raising, but if I can get with your staff to find out what that issue is, I will certainly look into that. I think it would make sense if we can--if we are collecting the same information, we can verify the same things, then I think it makes sense to work on reciprocity.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir. Again, let me find out what our current backlog is. I know that the TWIC has been a challenge over the years, and it is a focus area for me as I move forward. I would like to know what the backlog is and again, are there things that we can do that can dramatically speed up that process?    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, sir, I would be happy to do so.    Mr. Neffenger. Thank you, Congresswoman Jackson Lee. Thank you, first and foremost, for acknowledging the workforce. I couldn't agree with you more. The mission of TSA is delivered by those front-line transportation security officers across this Nation.    I can't say enough how important they are to the success of the program, but I can't also thank them enough for the work that they do. I intend to do that and I do that myself whenever I travel and certainly now.    With respect to budget, I think you are right, sequestration is going to be a challenge for every Government agency that will be subjected to it. I hope that the Congress is able to pass a budget resolution that will eliminate sequestration and allow us to have some certainty going forward.    To correct, to make sure it was clear what I was saying with respect to third party, I was really speaking about incentivizing private-sector entities, private-sector businesses to help develop the technologies we need into the future.    I think that there is a way to do that in a competitive way, in a competitive environment, and to provide incentives that don't have governments taking on all the risks to development, don't have Government buying, you know, huge capital outlays for equipment that then later becomes obsolete.    The BDO program, as you know there has been some controversy about that program. There have been a number of GAO audits and one I.G. audit that has looked at the efficacy of the program and the work that is done.    I know that TSA contracted out a third-party overview of that program. That third party spent 2 years collecting data on that program and running tests. That was submitted in the report.    Then there is a question with respect to the underlying concerns. I know that we are in the process of completing a report showing what we believe to be the scientific underpinnings of that.    That said, I understand the concern with the use of that. From my perspective, and I am not clear on how I feel about the BDO program yet, being relatively new, but from my perspective, if I can show a link to validated, scientific underpinnings, if I can show some effectiveness with behavioral viewing, then I think that it is a good tool to have in the security toolkit.    I know that law enforcement agencies around the world use behavioral indications as a way of determining if they have got problems, whether you are a beat cop or you are looking at other situations.    So I think that I am looking forward to reading that report that was done that looked at the scientific underpinnings, and then I look forward to discussing that further with the committee.    The security breach at Dallas Airport that you mentioned, that is of great concern to me for a couple of reasons. One, I am very concerned about the safety of our front-line workforce. Officer Hernandez, a tragic loss of Officer Hernandez, the attack in New Orleans earlier this spring, those are very real threats that can face our front-line workforce and you have to be careful of that.    So any potential for somebody to breach a barrier runs the potential for not just a safety issue, but obviously the security issue.    So I ordered an immediate review of that incident. I want to find out what happened. But more importantly, again, this goes back to the systemic issue, you know, I don't want to just go around whacking every one-off problem that exists. I want to look at the system and understand, do we have an issue with security at our checkpoints? Again, that is the barrier between the non-sterile and the sterile areas. There has to be an expectation of that barrier working.    So I don't have the full results of the investigation of that yet. I will share that with you when I have it. But more importantly, I am going to look across the system and look at how we are doing this.    Mr. Neffenger. Thanks. I agree with your concern. As you know, those incidents--let me back up a little bit and talk in general terms. This should be a known and trusted population. Every one of these workers gets vetted for background. There is a question as to how far we need to go back in the future, but that we vet them for background, they are continuously vetted, any credential holder is continuously vetted against the terror screening database.    Then currently, there is a periodic revetting against criminal databases. That doesn't guarantee that you don't have a criminal population, that just guarantees that they didn't show up at that point.    So what do you do about the potential for criminal activity or worse in a known and trusted population? You introduce uncertainty in that population and you try to grow a culture of belonging to that organization.    So I absolutely agree that access should be reduced to the minimum necessary to ensure operations of the facility.    I think of my experience in the port environment. When we looked at the maritime sector right after 9/11, a wide-open environment for obvious reasons. You want stuff to freely move in and out.    The first answers we got back from the maritime sector were, it is impossible to close this down.    But over time we did that. You set a series of standards that have to be met, an expectation that there will be periodic, random and other types of inspections, that you are subject to it, growing a sense of a culture that we are all in this together.    So as I look at the aviation environment, I look at the hundreds of different employers of people who hold badges, and you think, how do I get that group of people to think as one, to recognize that this is their airport?    So there is a campaign out there. I think that a combination of reducing access points, increasing--setting specific standards for what we expect to be going through those access points, how you inspect to those standards, keeping that randomized expectation of inspection because I think that helps. You need a number of these things. Then growing a sense amongst the workforce, the large number and large percentage of which are good, solid, you know, hardworking people that, look, it is their responsibility to help police this as well.    There are some airports out there that have done this and they have done it very effectively. I would like to look and see what those best practices are and extend those across.    I am looking at the Aviation Security Advisory Committee recommendations. As you know, they had very strong opinions about access controls. I will be meeting with that group in the course of the next few weeks. I am meeting with the airport executives, meeting with the Airports Council. This is a top issue of concern to me as well.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I am going to start with a visit to those airports and I am going to do that over the course of the month of August, because I want to see what 100 percent security looks like. I want to hear from them how they achieved it, what are the challenges and what are the on-going implications, because I need to be able to address that when I visit with the airports who claim that they can't do that.    So I am on a little fact-finding mission over the next month to try to educate myself as to what the various arguments are and what I would like to do is continue to have this conversation going forward and when I--after I do that.    Mr. Neffenger. I don't have that number off the top of my head, although I have asked for that and it is one of the--it is one of the things I am talking about this week. Diversity, as you know, is critically important.    I will say that, just anecdotally speaking, I have been pleased to see what looks to be a very diverse front-line work force as I travel around. I will get you the percentage of women that we have, and I will break it up by categories, too. Overall, TSOs and the like, going up.    I think that diversity is the key to success in an organization. Always has been. It is one of the biggest challenges we faced in the Coast Guard and in the military, was not just recruiting, but retaining a diverse-looking work force, and we found out early on that just recruiting wasn't enough to call yourself diverse, if there is no pathway up through the organization.    So what I can commit to you is that it is of critical importance to me across the organization and not just in the entry level, but throughout the organization and to look for opportunities throughout.    Miss Rice. I am glad to hear that, because I think that there are limitations placed on female employees that male employees do not have, given how, if you--say you were to have a female employee at baggage, but actually needing to be pulled over to passenger pat-down area because of the need to have more women, only being--you know, women only being able to pat down women, and I think that probably leads to some level of the frustration that female employees have because they are facing those kind of limitations, and room for upward mobility that men just don't.    So I am glad that you are focused on that. Well, I am happy to be sitting here with you. I think that you were a great choice. I think that your focus on trying to improve the morale for your employees is a good goal, and I want to offer that we are here to improve your morale, such as it is, because you are in a truly thankless job.    I look forward to seeing you out in Los Angeles when we go look at LAX airport on the 18th of this month, and I can assure you that we all stand ready to help you in any way that we can.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I mean, you raise a lot of--exactly the same questions I have coming into this job. As a former member of the Coast Guard, we worked with TSA throughout. We--as, you know, the Coast Guard implemented the TWIC card reader program based upon the rules that were set for the issuance.    In general terms, here is how I think about identity cards like that. One, I want them--first of all, I want them issued to a known population, meaning--I want some biometrics on that person, I want to be able to run those against databases that tell me whether or not I have got a criminal actor, and then I want to make sure that the disqualifying factors are the right disqualifying factors for holding that card.    As you know, there was a great deal of discussion about what those disqualifying factors should be at the time that the TWIC was created, and a lot of groups, longshoremen and others, had some concerns about that list, and that was a--that took a lot of work to get that list negotiated.    I think you need to continually look at that to ensure that you have got the right features, or the right disqualifying factors, identified, and that you are consistent in that application.    The second piece to it is to have it used properly when you are attempting to enter a facility, and by ``used properly,'' I mean, what aspects of that facility does it give you access to, why does it give you access, and how known are you to the population. So that is part of the reader issue, and it is also part of the procedural and the rules issue.    As you know, there are--the TWIC card can be coded to give you access to different aspects of the facility, some more secure than others.    All of that is my on-going review right now of the program, so while I can't specifically answer all of your questions today, what I promise you is that over the coming weeks and months, I will answer those questions for you, as I get smarter about where we--what the current state of play is.    In your particular instances, I would like more information and detail about what you are saying, because----    Mr. Neffenger . I can look at those specifically for you.    Mr. Neffenger. That has--for those specific ones, that actually absolutely has been taken care of, and we are moving to, as I said, a full name, Social Security number, and clear, you know, clear connection to identity, now.    Mr. Neffenger. Yes, I would be and I look forward to the opportunity to talk to you in more depth to understand better what the issues are and, more importantly, to visit the airport and see for myself what the--what some of these issues are.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I share your great outrage over that. As I said before, the checkpoint is a very critically important element of a security system and it does form the barrier between. So, with that specific case that is under investigation right now, I am happy to share the results of that with the committee once we see what the specifics were that caused that.    But the bottom line is is that you should not have--it should not be easy, it should be impossible for somebody to make their way past a checkpoint without being observed and certainly should not be possible to get past a checkpoint to the point of getting on an aircraft without having known about it.    So we will find out what happened there. But it speaks, as I said earlier, to the more systemic question about how we are managing our checkpoints. I think it ties right into some of the concerns with respect to how we are supporting our front-line workforce, what the training is, and what the standards are that we expect and, as I said, I think we will find out what happened there, and I will make sure that we put into place the procedures to keep it from happening again.    It may be question of changing the way those barriers are constructed when there is nobody manning a station. It is quite often a case that you have in slower periods lines that aren't open. I want to know how those are secured during that time and what is the protocol for keeping those secure.    Mr. Neffenger. As I said, we are--because it just happened, I haven't seen the report of the investigation; the Office of Investigations is looking at that right now. I will let you know what specifically was the issue here. My suspicion is, is that right now it is confined to that specific location in Dallas-Fort Worth, but I have ordered a full review across the system--I talked to our head of operations at TSA headquarters and said, look, I want you to look across the whole system and tell me whether we have got issues like this elsewhere. If we do, I want to plan for how we are going to address those.    Mr. Neffenger. What I can tell you is that the reports are that he was distraught over his girlfriend heading out of town and he wanted to stop her, and that is what I know. So it looked like a love-gone-wrong at this point. But we will see, and I am--certainly, I will share with this committee the--our findings on this.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, Congressman, you raised a number of important issues. Let me start by saying I absolutely agree that perimeter security is a concern and, again, I use my experience from the port environment, you know, that that was one of the biggest challenges we had was trying to understand what--first of all, what is the perimeter and what does secure mean?    The joint vulnerability assessments that you mentioned, as you know, those are additional kind of multi-agency assessments that are done in addition to the annual inspection that is done of a system.    So there is a TSA regulatory requirement that we fulfill by inspecting the regulated area of the airport includes a perimeter on an annual basis, and then the joint vulnerability assessments are designed to see what beyond the perimeter--but beyond our immediate jurisdiction might also pose a risk to the airport.    Those are very important in concert. So I want to make sure that the ratio of those is correct and I will look at that.    I also need to attend one of these inspections to find out what they consist of. So I intend to do that. Anyone on this committee is welcome to join me when I do that and I will make the offer to the committee and to the committee Members because I am very interested in how we are doing that.    Again, this is--it goes back to my days trying to figure out how to secure port environments. We--it is the same thing we did. I said, well, just walk me around and show me what a perimeter looks like. What does that mean? You know, how do you secure that space? How do you secure that space?    The jurisdictional issue is key because you are right, there is a--you can do the Scarecrow in ``The Wizard of Oz'' thing and just point at everybody but yourself when the jurisdiction comes.    So I need to clearly understand, first of all, what are the extent of my authorities to direct action, and then what are my extent to compel that action if I think it needs to be done?    Ideally, you do that in a partnership, and you do that because it is in everyone's best interest to make sure. From my perspective, I think the airports, the airport count, the airlines and others, would find it of great benefit to ensure that nobody gets on that field that shouldn't be on that field.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, thank you for that question. As you know, we have a new director of the Federal Air Marshal Service, Director Rod Allison. I am really encouraged and enthusiastic about his approach, because he has come in with a very innovative and fresh set of eyes to look across the range of missions of the Federal Air Marshals.    I believe that there is still value in having the Federal Air Marshal Service. I believe that they perform valuable missions. But I believe that those missions have changed over time. Director Allison is addressing some of those changes.    As you know, they work a wide variety of missions, not just the aviation mission that most people are familiar with. But they also work on our VIPR teams, they serve in Joint Terrorism Task Forces, and they bring a unique credentialed law enforcement perspective to--in thinking about the transportation role to those worlds.    That said, we have not hired for a long time in the Federal Air Marshals. We have a request in our fiscal year 2016 budget to begin hiring process. That is an aging workforce. Fifty-seven is mandatory retirement. Over the course of the next 5 years, we will see some--I think the number is--I will get it exact for you, but we will see some 30 percent of that workforce begin to age out.    You need to--when you have a law enforcement agency, a Federal agency, you need to refresh it. We need to grow new people into it. So I am hoping that our fiscal year 2016 budget request will be met favorably. I hope that we can begin to hire into the attrition that we are seeing; and more importantly, grow a new workforce into that as that mission changes over time.    Mr. Neffenger. Well, I think accountability is the key. As we were discussing earlier, you have a known--what should be a known and trusted population that you give those cards to. They do get vetted for criminal background history, and they get looked at continuously for potential nexus to terrorism.    That said, we also know that even in known and trusted populations, you can have criminal activity that occurs. We have seen enough evidence of that over the past year.    So one of the things that came out of the incidents that were--or the arrests at Atlanta last year for the drug-smuggling ring that was discovered, was the request by the secretary of the Aviation Security Advisory Committee to take a hard look at the insider threat problem and the use of badges. They came out with 28 recommendations as a result of that.    We have accepted all 28 of those recommendations, and we are working very closely to implement those over time. A number of those were done immediately. Accountability was one of the ones that was done immediately.    I am very concerned about accountability for--it doesn't surprise me that people can periodically lose their badges or misplace them, but there needs to be a process for an immediate notification, for an immediate shutting down of that badge, and then take whatever action is necessary in the event it was done in a deliberate or intentional manner.