    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the witnesses for your willingness to help the committee with its work today.    I have a question for Chairman Gruenberg. A number of the members on this committee have been working with Vice Chair Tom Hoenig on a proposal that would give some regulatory relief to some of our small banks.    Now, we are looking at banks, community banks that are in the traditional business of banking, taking deposits, making loans to businesses and individuals. And the way this would work, we have not accepted all of Vice Chairman Hoenig's recommendations, but we have focused on a number of them which would be to be eligible for regulatory relief, the financial institution must hold no trading assets, no derivative positions other than interest rate or foreign exchange, have a limited notional value of all the bank derivative exposures or otherwise, and maintain a ratio of gap equity to assets of about 10 percent; no less than 10 percent, I'm sorry.    And in return for that, under this legislation, we would give relief in this form. The compliant banks would be exempt from Basel risk-based capital standards. The test, the stress tests, in some cases, they would be exempt, in other cases, the stress test would be every 18 months instead of every year, so we are trying to reduce the cost there for compliance. And also exemptions from submitting call reports and schedules.    Now, this actually goes back to Mr. Sherman's question before where we are actually regulating activity, not necessarily size. So if a bank is not engaged in risky activity, we think--and they are doing the right thing--we think they a ought to be entitled to relief. And this has been a high-cost issue for the smaller banks.    I just wanted to get your sense on whether this is something that you would be receptive to?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. I do want to fixate on that word ``sympathy'' because I think a lot of our small banks are good with the sympathy. They are looking for actual relief now.    Mr. Lynch. All right. Mr. Cordray, do you have any worries about that? Have you thought about that proposal? I don't want to--you might be out of pocket on this issue, I am not sure.    Mr. Lynch. You hit right on a point that I didn't mention, which is that in most cases where a bank is willing to keep their FAT mortgage in their portfolio, it would be deemed a qualifying mortgage because you are not issuing to sell it.    Mr. Lynch. All right, fair enough.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will yield back.