    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Green.    In 2002, I voted for the Born Alive Act because obviously it is a crime to kill a baby that has been born. But this bill goes far, far beyond that, and this hearing goes far, far beyond that. The bills that we are considering today would redefine the freedom of choice of providers that is so critical to Medicaid's beneficiaries, and it would restrict a beneficiary's ability to seek care from a provider who is only suspected of having violated the provisions of the bill. This violates due process. This violates all of our justice system in this country.    Furthermore, the Democratic staff of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee did a complete investigation into the allegations made in these deeply altered videotapes. The conclusion was that this committee has received no evidence to substantiate the allegations that Planned Parenthood is engaged in the sale of fetal tissue for profit. It goes on to say the committee has received no evidence to support the allegations that the fetal tissue was procured without consent, that Planned Parenthood physicians altered the timing, method, or procedure of an abortion solely for the purposes of obtaining fetal tissue, and it goes on.    Mr. Chairman, I would ask unanimous consent to submit that report that we did dated September 9, 2015, into the record.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much, and I yield back.    Ms. DeGette. Would the gentleman yield?    Ms. DeGette. Furthermore, what I don't understand, if, as my friend Mr. Upton, the chairman, says, the investigation in Oversight and Investigations is far from complete, why now today in the Health Committee's hearing the majority is showing these videotapes that are under the investigation, which the majority now claims is incomplete in the other subcommittee? It is obvious it is just a pretext for trying to move this legislation along, and that is far beneath the standards of this august committee.    I yield back.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank you for your comity in allowing me to waive onto this committee. It is a tough topic, and it is important.    The title of this hearing is ``Protecting Infants: Ending Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Providers Who Violate the Law.'' Ms. Waxman, under current law, the Federal Government right now, if somebody who violates any law is found by due process to violate that law, Federal funding can be cut off right now under current law, correct? Yes or no?    Ms. DeGette. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette. So the real issue is, has Planned Parenthood violated the law, correct?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Now, at the beginning of this hearing we were shown some small film snippets. But I just want to ask, Dr. Yoest, you, yourself, did not make those film snippets, correct? Yes or no?    Ms. DeGette. And, Mr. Mattox, you, yourself, did not make those films, correct? Yes or no?    Ms. DeGette. You have watched them.    And, Dr. Yoest, you and your staff also watched film clips on the Internet, yes or no?    Ms. DeGette. You have watched the films on----    Ms. DeGette. You watched what you are told are unedited films online, yes? Correct?    Ms. DeGette. But you don't know for a fact--you didn't make those films, so you don't know from personal experience that they are unedited, correct? Yes or no? I mean, you didn't make the film, so you don't know if they are edited or not?    Ms. DeGette. And same with you, Mr. Mattox, you didn't make the films, right?    Ms. DeGette. So, Mr. Chairman, we have been told, the minority has been told on Oversight and Investigations and this committee that we have been provided with all of the unedited films online, but we haven't had the person from the Center for Medical Progress who made those videos here. He is not here today. We haven't had him in the committee. On the Oversight Subcommittee, we take testimony under oath. And what I would like to see--and I see my chairman is here, Mr. Murphy--what I would like to see is, I would like to see him come in to the committee under oath and talk to us about how he made those videotapes.    But let's accept the assertions from our witnesses that the unedited videotapes are online, let's accept that. So today, Mr. Chairman, what we did, this hearing started out with several film clips. The first film clip was of a baby who apparently was not an aborted fetus. It was a baby named Walter Fretz, who had been born prematurely at 19 weeks. And along with a picture of that baby, there was a woman talking. She apparently was a woman who used to work for an organization that was a procurement technician talking about late-term abortion procedures, which was totally unrelated to the baby, Walter Fretz, who was shown.    And to make this even more horrifying to me as a mother, apparently, Walter Fretz's mother did not agree that her baby, her precious baby, could be used in this way.    So that was the first video clip that we were shown today to give us the impression that Planned Parenthood was somehow harvesting organs from this little baby. I can hardly get over that. The second and third and fourth clips were very small clips from what are many, many, many hours of videotapes that were apparently taken.    So the Oversight and Investigations Democrats reviewed all of the videotapes that we were given, which the majority tells us are all of the videotapes. There was no illegal activity found. There was no illegal activity found in what we saw.    When we pointed that out today, you know what the majority says to us? They say, ``Well, that is because the O&I investigation is not completed.'' Well, I would ask you, Mr. Chairman, and I would ask you, Chairman Murphy, if there is more information that we haven't been given in order to have this legislative hearing today, I would suggest that the majority should produce it to us. Because otherwise all we are going on is allegation and innuendo.    And the lives of millions of American women are being put at stake at this: 4.2 million visits to Planned Parenthood centers last year, not for abortions, for mammogram, for cervical cancer screening, for well-women screening, 4.2 million visits last year are in jeopardy because of innuendos and allegations and videotapes that, for the purposes of the hearing today, were highly edited, misconstrued, and doctored. And that is why we are so mad.    And, again, I thank you for letting me talk. I thank you for doing this. But I think we should take this very, very seriously.    Ms. DeGette. I certainly will look forward to that hearing.