    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. As a holder of a degree in agriculture, bachelor of science, I am glad to hear that we are concerned about the production of CO<INF>2</INF>. All the plants I have ever grown love CO<INF>2</INF>.    What we are talking about here with the proposed guidance, it suggests that an agency must quantify greenhouse gas across all actions connected to a Federal action. So I am wondering how this would fit with the limits of an agency's authority outside of a proposed action. Would it require an agency to be speculative in what it does? How are we going to quantify these things?    Because the scope of an individual project--well, let me narrow it down. How does the CEQ intend to move forward to ensure that the guidance does not become an impediment when this Administration has professed to be supportive of natural gas and the infrastructure? Natural gas is a very clean-burning fuel, very plentiful, very low cost, one of our best things we have, going forward, to provide a reliable fuel source for heating, what have you.    How will this guidance not become an impediment to the gas utility projects, and instead further, the Administration's goals of improving infrastructure permitting; how is this actually going to improve that process? How are we going to streamline and speed up the process of getting permits when we have additional layers that the CEQ is going to require all the agencies that have a piece of the action to do?    Mr. LaMalfa. If they will pull back from the requirement? If the data is not available? Or will they go forward with a speculative one?    Mr. LaMalfa. OK. So agencies can completely ignore this if they wish.    Mr. LaMalfa. That has not been the attitude.    There is a tool called the social cost of carbon that is allowed within the guidance that we think would be very incompatible with the Office of Management and Budget requirements that there be a guide for agencies conducting cost-benefit analyses.    Mr. McClintock alluded to--how much will be done to look at the cost-benefit analysis of these actions? Because no doubt there will be additional cost to those getting permits and ongoing operations.    Mr. LaMalfa. But the SCC does conflict with the Office of Management and Budget guidance for requirement for agencies when using cost-benefit analysis. Does that mean cost benefit will be ignored?    Mr. LaMalfa. So, we can assume that cost-benefit analysis will not be part of the thinking on the implementation of the guidance?    Mr. LaMalfa. They have been ignoring that tool for a long time.    Mr. LaMalfa. How do you explain the fluctuations in CO<INF>2</INF> levels pre-Industrial Revolution, and the--sure, there is something called climate change. What this really boils down to is what percentage of climate change or CO<INF>2</INF> is caused by mankind's actions. What percentage of that CO<INF>2</INF> production in the world today is caused by what people do versus what the planet itself does?    Mr. LaMalfa. Your scientists.    Mr. LaMalfa. Which group of scientists?    The Chairman. All right, let me----    Mr. LaMalfa. Mr. Chairman? Can we ask the Members to not be so personal in their comments on using words like ``rhetoric'' when Members bring things up that might be scientifically based, and just keep the tone to something less personal, sir?    The Chairman. Thank you. I didn't know who was talking there, but I am sorry, there is a time you are supposed to ask that question----