    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And just in the context of full disclosure, I have three degrees in theology, so that is where I have come from. And this discussion immediately took me there, in light of some other thoughts. And going back to our founders, who recognized the creator, who gave us certain inalienable rights, is the same creator who made clear in Genesis 8 that, as long as the earth endures, there will be seed time and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night, and that those will not cease.    So, within that context, we certainly need to be good stewards of this earth. I think we all understand that. We are responsible to do so.    When I was in high school, the big talk was that we were entering into an ice age again, and then it all turned to global warming several years later. Now, we are talking about climate change. I think we all recognize the climate changes, and we need to be good stewards of this earth.    But I want to go back to some things that came up specifically in the guidance. I am a bit unsure as to what the council would consider a significant level of greenhouse gas emissions. What is the bar that to pass is dangerous?    Dr. Hice. OK, so we have agencies----    Dr. Hice . That are facing an arbitrary--they don't know what to--are any of them even going to respond to this? I mean we have----    Dr. Hice. To do what they want. OK, so we have the quantitative and qualitative.    Dr. Hice. Taxpayers paying for both of this. And yet, if there is no standard that says--I mean this is simple math--if you go beyond this level, you are getting into a dangerous zone. And yet there is no level that says so. So these agencies have nothing to work with.    How do you deal with quantitative and qualitative, when we are not even dealing with simple math?    Dr. Hice. So everyone does is differently----    Dr. Hice. That doesn't do away with the confusion. That adds to it. It gives everyone a choice to determine themselves.    Dr. Hice. How do you deal with the Supreme Court case, public citizen case, that says agencies cannot be responsible for areas for which they have no authority, and yet we have the Department of Agriculture and Interior, and so forth. They don't have any authority to determine these issues that you are asking them to do.    Dr. Hice. But that contradicts what the Supreme Court has said.    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Lucky you. I know you have a timeline when you have to get out of here, and we will get you out in plenty of time, because I am the last set of questions--kind of questions.    First of all, I appreciate you being here. I appreciate this voluntary guidance, a full employment for attorneys act. I am making the assumption that CEQ, when you were doing this, coming up with this guidance, tried to use courts' interpretations of the limitations on NEPA as part of your analysis and recommendations. You looked at that, I am assuming.