    Mr. Clanton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Members of the Committee.    As you mentioned before, I served on the Commission right after the HSR Act was passed, and when we put into place the procedures, which largely are still there today after nearly 40 years.    And let me explain just briefly why I think this legislation is right on point. It is targeted. It deals with an issue of fairness that I will explain. And it does not--it does not, I emphasize that--create any wholesale revision to the FTC's administrative process.    This legislation will focus only on proposed mergers, which essentially are reportable and nonreportable mergers under the HSR Act. And when Congress passed that statute, it created essentially a unified structure for how proposed mergers are to be reported to the FTC and the timelines the FTC has and DOJ, because both agencies are equally involved in that process. The administration of the statute is jointly managed. The FTC is the lead manager in terms of the whole reporting process, but Justice has to concur.    In addition to that, over the years, the two agencies for reportable mergers have developed very extensive, substantive merger guidelines that the courts increasingly are accepting and have adopted.    So you really have a very unique structure that is specific to this idea and to this whole concept of how merger review should take place.    And let me just then go on to talk about what happens in this process. So the parties file merger notifications with both agencies. Both agencies then determine which agency is going to review it. Sometimes you know that in advance. Many times you don't know that in advance. So it could go to one agency or another.    After that, if there are antitrust concerns, which is why you end up in litigation, there is a very extensive discovery process, what we call a second request. And the whole process goes on for many, many months, typically 6 months or longer. And at the end of that, if there is a problem and the parties cannot work out a settlement, either the FTC or DOJ, depending on the agency, decides if they have to go to court.    And here is where the differences start to take place. They haven't occurred previously, but here the FTC has one process where they can go to court and seek a preliminary injunction. And if they get that, then they move forward on their administrative proceeding.    By contrast, DOJ goes into court exclusively, and what has happened over recent years, instead of seeking a preliminary injunction, the parties typically agree, and it is a hearing on the merits. And that hearing encompasses all of the substantive issues, and DOJ bears the burden of proving a violation of Section 7 of the Clayton Act. So you have a significant contrast right there.    And let me just explain briefly on the administrative process for the FTC, they go into court. They seek a preliminary injunction. That preliminary hearing may take several months.    There is a case that I mention in my testimony that is going on right now involving Sysco and U.S. Foods. That case was brought in February. The decision is probably going to happen fairly soon from the district court judge. The FTC administrative proceeding doesn't start until July 21 of this year, 5 months after the case was filed.    If you just look at the FTC rules, that case will then last for another 7 months. And at that point, it will probably be, based on the history of how long it takes DOJ cases which are on the merits, not a preliminary injunction, in the range of 5 or 6 months. And I give two examples of two cases where that happened, two significant cases, by the way.    So to get to the point quickly, just using those examples, and we could come up with others, the FTC administrative process takes roughly twice as long as it does to go into Federal court. And at the end of the day, the FTC hearing probably ends on a preliminary injunction decision. If the companies lose, they don't have the time. They have already probably invested a year-plus of the deal defending this and going through the investigative process. And at the end of that, they face another 7 months, not to mention potential judicial review.    So the process is inherently unfair and differential, and that is what the legislation seeks to change. And I think that makes sense. The FTC has all the authority in the world and has a lot of experience in bringing cases in Federal court. They are not going to be harmed by this.    Thank you.    Mr. Clanton. Mr. Chairman, I think the change made sense. The Commission did the right thing. But it only dealt with one part of the problem, and that relates to transactions where the Commission loses and the parties close the transaction and the Commission continues to litigate. I think they have not done that in a long time.    There were some bad examples going back a few years, but my concern really is what happens when the FTC wins and then you start another phased administrative hearing that ends up doubling the length of time that you would have if you went into Federal court directly on the merits.