    Mr. Conger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning.    Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the Department of Defense's cleanup activities and the progress we have made to date.    The Department has long made it a priority to protect the environment. From a mission perspective, we want to ensure that we have the land, water, and air space that we need for military readiness. Moreover, we must protect the health of the military and civilian personnel and their families who live and work on our bases, to ensure our operations don't affect the health and environment of surrounding communities, and to preserve resources for future generations.    While we are here to talk about cleanup of past contamination, I want to emphasize that we are committed to rigorously complying with current laws to minimize new contamination. Our funding requests, our strong relationships with Federal, state, and local stakeholders, and our continued progress reflect that commitment.    The Department of Defense is responsible for approximately 39,000 cleanup sites across hundreds of active and closed bases. And, if I could, I have heard the term ``site'' used by other witnesses, and I think they use it differently than I do. I am talking about specific instances of pollution. Multiple sites can occur on a single installation. So I think the numbers that I have heard earlier reflect that an entire installation would be a single site, and we break it out differently. But, in any case, 39,000 cleanup sites across hundreds of installations.    In order to make the most impact, we continually reassess DOD's cleanup program to ensure that we address the highest-risk sites first, a process we conduct in collaboration with EPA and with the States. At the same time, we are committed to completing cleanup or achieving ``response complete'' and ``no further action required'' at all of our sites.    We appreciate Congress' support for the roughly billion-and-a-half dollars a year we spend on cleanup. At this point, more than 80 percent of our 39,000 sites have reached ``response complete.'' I am proud to say that we remain on track to meet our internally set goals of 90 percent ``response complete'' by the end of 2018 and 95 percent by the end of 2021.    None of our successes would have been possible without investments in groundbreaking research and development in environmental technology. These are aimed at tackling our most difficult cleanups. Recent successes include bioremediation techniques for groundwater cleanup and detection technology to help find buried munitions. We are beginning to focus our R&D on capabilities needed to accelerate cleanup of the complex sites that will remain after we achieve our 2021 goals.    Finally, I would like to highlight the contributions of our state, local, and Federal partners. State and local stakeholders help us to develop site management plans, play an active role in remedy selection, and have important oversight responsibilities. To that end, we have established three high-level working groups and approximately 200 restoration advisory boards for local input to provide forums for local communities, state regulators, and other Federal regulators to discuss cleanup issues and concerns with us.    We are also committed to interagency efforts. For example, my staff and senior leaders from the three military components meet with EPA headquarters staff quarterly to ensure our programs are on track and moving forward.    In conclusion, our focus remains on continuous improvement in the restoration program. We have been identifying cleanup sites since the 1970s and have come a long way. Still, we are fully aware of the magnitude of our mission, and we look forward to continuing our partnerships and making smart investments in technology to meet our outlined goals.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Conger. Yes, no, I don't see a conflict. Most of the contamination that we are cleaning up, it dates from a long time ago, and it is not like there is a conflict at a particular location between the person cleaning something up and whoever had made the spill or whatever.    We are pretty successful in getting appropriations for this cleanup. We have a very stable roughly billion-and-a-half dollars a year that we get into this program. We have schedules that have been fairly stable over the years worked out with the EPA and the states. I don't see any conflict or any problems on this.    Mr. Conger. I can think of an example or two. So here is the dynamic. Where we cause the contamination and then transfer a property, through BRAC or whatever other mechanism--we have a responsibility for cleaning up all the contamination that we know about. That is the dynamic that we are dealing with. We have CERCLA responsibilities, and we uphold them.    Mr. Conger. Yes.    Mr. Conger. Before we transfer--so it is a little complicated. We can transfer land that is contaminated with a guarantee to clean it up after the transfer; we can have that set up in the agreement. We have a responsibility for cleanup regardless of when the transfer occurs.    Mr. Conger. Yes, that is generally true.    I want to be careful not to--I am not going to pretend to be an attorney here. And so, as we go into the finer points of the law--I will double check for the record the answers to your questions.    But, in a broad sense, we have responsibilities to perform the cleanup at BRAC sites or whatever other transferred sites we have. We have on occasion not let that hold up the transfer of property, but rather, you know, with eyes open to whoever is receiving the property either agreed to clean it up after the fact or made an agreement or arrangement to have it cleaned up after transfer.    Mr. Conger. Certainly. And I won't just limit it to Superfund, because we track all of our cleanup sites together in a fairly large--it is 39,000 sites together in a single database. And I could probably break it out, but I don't have that available. I can get that for the record.    But, frankly, we are complete with cleanup at 80 percent of our sites. We set fairly aggressive goals a few years ago to get to 90 percent by 2018. We are on track for that. We are looking at getting 95 percent of our sites cleaned up by 2021.    We will have some complex sites that are left over at that point. I am not going to pretend that it is going to be done in a few years at that point, those last 5 percent. But that is why we use R&D. We attack the difficult problems with some our research funding to try and figure out how we are going to be able to accelerate timelines or to clean it up better.    And when we do come up with something, like the bioremediation techniques that we came up for cleaning up groundwater, that is applicable to the private sector, as well, and they use those techniques, as well, once we figure it out for our own purposes.    Mr. Conger. I will start.    Mr. Conger. I think they are, and I think that is what we have had. As I have noted before, we spend about a billion-and-a-half dollars a year. That is a very stable amount of money. And we have the ability to plan with that amount of money, where we work out schedules with the EPA and the states. Everybody knows the pace of the work that is going to be going on, and I think there is a comfort level with that.    And just a clarification point on the environmental liabilities that were mentioned earlier. The cleanup liability is smaller than the number that was cited. That is the entirety of all of our liabilities that include all of our nuclear ships and the eventual cleanup for those and a variety of other items. But the cleanup liability is closer to $27 billion.    Mr. Conger. I think that there are also possibilities, but we have a stable program right now, and I think----    Mr. Conger. So the answer is it depends. It is complicated, and my lawyers will, I am sure, hope that I don't give a simple answer to your question. So I will take that for the record formally, but let me give a sort of first-level answer to the question.    Yes, of course, on those sites that we no longer own--on BRAC sites. Those are not Federal property, generally, and so those controls would apply. Where it is Federal property, it gets more complicated. And, again, not being a lawyer, I will take that specific instance for the record.    Mr. Conger. Yes. And we are partners with the states when we do our cleanups. And, as Mathy indicated, most of the sites that we have, or at least a significant number, are regulated by the state regulators. We work with them. We work schedules out together, we work remedies out together. This is something we do in partnership. I am unaware of significant discontent in the states with how we are doing our program.    Mr. Conger. Yes.    So, in every cleanup, there is a process, as you well know. There is an investigation, which includes the preliminary assessment, the site inspection, the RI, the FS, et cetera, et cetera. The actual remediation, once we have a remedy in place and once have conducted all of the operations, all the remedial operations, and satisfied the regulators at a particular site, then we have achieved ``response complete.''    We will have some long-term monitoring in some places so that we go back and double check that the contamination hasn't recurred. But once we have taken all of the actions that we are supposed to take at the site, we achieve ``response complete.''    Mr. Conger. With respect to--I am sorry.    Mr. Conger. No. Because not everything is about acres. Sometimes it is about groundwater. There are a whole variety of ways to measure, so we don't normally think of it just in terms of acres.    Mr. Conger. So, generally, it is a risk-based process that is looking at the risk to human health and the environment.    Well, I say ``generally.'' I have heard the term ``risk plus.'' And what that means is there are other factors that we take into account, as well. If there is a low-risk site that happens to be collocated with a high-risk site, we might do them both because it is economical to do them both at the same time. So that low-risk site might be lumped in and done earlier.    But, generally, as we rack and stack this list, it is based on risk to human health and the environment.    Mr. Conger. So I can't tell you what percentage of our sites are actually on the docket because we track all of them as a larger group. The 39,000 sites that I have talked about during my testimony include those on the docket, but we have far more sites than those that are on the docket.    A couple years ago, we did a docket scrub. We went and looked at our database and EPA's database, the docket, to make sure that everything that needed to be on the docket was on there. And so we have done that reconciliation. But I couldn't tell you, out of all the sites we have, exactly how many are on the docket.    Mr. Conger. Sure.    Mr. Conger. Well, out of the 39,000 sites that we have, I think only 4 percent of them are still at the preliminary assessment and site inspection phase. The breakout between PA and SI we can get you, but it is--so I would say, by definition, it is less than 4 percent are still in that phase.    Mr. Conger. Absolutely.    Mr. Conger. So I actually pulled the data out of the database because I saw that question coming. We have an average of 1.6 years for a preliminary assessment out of all the sites that we have cataloged.    Mr. Conger. It can. So that is an average, 1.6 years. There are sites that are longer, without a doubt. It depends on the complexity of the analysis that you are doing. So some are shorter, some are much shorter; some are longer.    Mr. Conger. I think it is a factor of the complexity. I don't have a lot of folks coming back to us and saying that we are dragging our heels. We work out these schedules with the regulators, and so I think everybody is comfortable with the pace at which we are doing the assessments.    Mr. Conger. But if there are specific cases, we can look into it.    Mr. Conger. I can start.    We work closely with the state regulators. As Mathy had pointed out, a lot of our sites are overseen directly by the state regulators, so we work with them on remedies and on timetables.    We also have restoration advisory boards that we set up with local communities to make sure that everything is transparent so that they know what is going on.    It is very important for us to work with local and state stakeholders.