    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We still have not seen audited financial statements for Puerto Rico, and I think in order to make good decisions here in Congress, we need to see that and understand the ability or inability of Puerto Rico to actually pay.    The Ranking Member used a term earlier, ``greedy bond markets,'' but nobody forced Puerto Rico to borrow this money. Investors took a risk with their hard-earned dollars. It was their money they invested in Puerto Rico. That is not greed, in my opinion. They invested based on a bond that was priced for the risk.    So, let's use terms that are adequate. The Governor of Puerto Rico, I believe, has calculated access to bankruptcy protections far before we started discussing this here in Congress. Are you gentlemen familiar with the Argentina situation?    Argentina has bonds. The Kirchner regime did not want to pay those bonds. They were almost in default. Now we see the Macri government actually come to Wall Street, come to the bondholders, the hedge funds, and actually start renegotiating that debt, and the optimism in Buenos Aires, Argentina, is so strong, you can taste it. Optimism for solvency, access to capital markets for future investment, infrastructure investments, that is the proper way to do it--approach it in a sound, fiscally-responsible manner and renegotiate the debt to come up with a plan.    Mr. Duncan. Now, Mr. Miller, Chicago's school system. Your firm invested, last month, $725 million in bonds with an 8.5 percent yield. Does Chicago's school system have access to Chapter 9 bankruptcy courts?    Mr. Duncan. They do not. And I think that actually reflected on the yield that your investors were looking for. I have trouble comparing the Chicago situation where they do not have access to any bankruptcy protections or whatnot, and the Puerto Rico situation where they do not have access to bankruptcy, but this bill would actually give them some access to some bankruptcy provisions, section 1129 cramdown provisions concern me greatly.    I believe that we are going down a slippery slope here, because states do not have access to bankruptcy protection to this point and under Chapter 9, but I believe that there are many in Congress that would love to see states do that.    I come--my accent may give it away--I come from a southern state. We generally are fiscally responsible in southern states. We do not saddle our citizens with unsustainable entitlement obligations. We do not take on debt. In fact, South Carolina has a balanced budget requirement in our Constitution. We cannot borrow money like that. And if we do borrow money, we have to be able to pay that back. We cannot incur debt after debt.    But what you see in Illinois, California, and New York, they all adopt absurd governing principles of spend, spend, spend, and they pass the political responsibility to another authority. So, I do not want to allow states to be able to access bankruptcy.    Municipal government and other government entities, they are different than private entities. They do not have to fork over capital or hard assets to their creditors when they file Chapter 9.    So, let me just end with this. It is time somebody takes some fiscal responsibility here. I have trouble sitting in the halls of the U.S. Congress when our Nation is $19 trillion in debt on balance sheet, $100 trillion-$150 trillion in debt in off-balance sheet liabilities that the American taxpayers are going to be responsible for, and we are discussing how to tell Puerto Rico how to manage their debt and their fiscal affairs. I really have trouble with that.    Mr. Chairman, I don't really have any questions for the witnesses, and I will yield back.    Mr. Duncan. Reclaiming my time, I don't have an objection to a control board or an oversight board that will hold Puerto Rico accountable and can renegotiate the debt, not cramdown the debt, not seek bankruptcy type protections.    I think we could do a lot better than what we have done with this bill, but I yield back.