    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Chair Matz, for being here today. Chair Matz, we have become aware of an NCUA policy of awarding on-the-spot bonuses and cash awards to employees, cash bonuses of up to $2,500 that can be paid to employees twice a year, and they get these for services going above and beyond the call of duty. We have heard that the NCUA's HR department bragged, actually bragged about paying over $1.2 million in these bonuses in 2014, frankly, for just doing your job.    Now, from what I can see, there appears to be little to no control over these payments. Any manager can give a cash award to anyone with as little as a one-paragraph justification. We are told that this program has become commonplace within the agency. So my first question is, who approves these bonuses, and what policies and controls are in place to manage the distribution of these cash rewards?    Mr. Williams. Have you personally awarded such bonuses to your staff?    Mr. Williams. To whom and in what amounts?    Mr. Williams. It is only money.    Mr. Williams. A lot like the private sector.    Mr. Williams. Much like the private sector that hadn't received any pay raises.    Mr. Williams. When was the last time you awarded one of these bonuses?    Mr. Williams. Okay. Now, how about in 2015? How many on-the-spot bonuses or cash awards has NCUA given out?    Mr. Williams. But you are not sure how many went out?    Mr. Williams. Okay, now correct me if I am wrong, but this is money that the credit unions give to you through fees.    Mr. Williams. This is money that the credit union gives to you in fees?    Mr. Williams. Okay, and for the purpose of supervision to ensure safety and soundness?    Mr. Williams. But I bet some of these credit unions would actually love to be lending out the money to their customers rather than having some bureaucrat in Washington get a bonus for just doing her job. So what would you say to the credit unions that I have back in my district? I have quite a few. What would you say to the credit union community about these bonuses?    Mr. Williams. And you think the credit unions would agree with you as opposed to having that money to loan out to small business owners like me?    Mr. Williams. It might be a question you want to ask them the next time you meet with them.    Mr. Williams. Finally, since this hearing is focused on transparency, would you provide this committee with a complete list of employees who have received these bonuses in 2014 and 2015, so that we can shed some light on the policy and learn more how it works?    Mr. Williams. Would you do that for us?    Mr. Williams. I would appreciate it.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.