    Mr. Mulvaney. Thanks very much. Reset the clock please.    Ms. Saldana, who do you report to?    Mr. Mulvaney. And then he reports to the President?    Mr. Mulvaney. Great. Could we run the video please?    You have a chance to follow along on the video screen for the next 2 minutes or so.    Let me follow up on a couple different things then. You said before that there were communities and local governments that were denying you access. Tell me about that.    Mr. Mulvaney. But they're denying you the ability to do that?    Mr. Mulvaney. Why?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you believe that you have--I'm sorry to cut you off--do you believe you have the legal right to force them to comply with your request?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would it surprise you if the administration had taken a different position on that in the recent past?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would it help you if we clarified the law to make it clear that it was mandatory that those local communities cooperate with you?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you. That was Thursday, March 19. Before the papers got printed the next morning, you had retracted that statement. And you went on to say that any effort at Federal legislation now to mandate State and local law enforcement's compliance with ICE detainers will, in our view, be highly counterproductive. So my question is, after you gave that testimony, did you talk to Jeh Johnson or anyone in his office?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. I'm sorry, let me be more clear. Between the time that you gave that testimony and the time you retracted that statement later that afternoon, did you talk to anybody at Jeh Johnson's office?    Mr. Mulvaney. What did they tell you?    Mr. Mulvaney. Oh, no, it was absolutely a retraction.    Mr. Mulvaney. I can play it back again, Ms. Saldana, if you want to. But everybody here knows it was a retraction. That's fine. There's nothing wrong with retracting statements. People do it all the time. But I asked you if you would like some help in getting the localities to cooperate with you, you said, ``Thank you, Amen, yes.'' And we all said: Great, we think we can do that.    And that night, you said any effort to do that would be counterproductive. And I'm asking you, did Jeh Johnson ask you to change your statement?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did anybody else ask you to change your statement?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did Jeh Johnson ask you to clarify your statement?    Mr. Mulvaney. So when I asked you if we could help you by requiring State and local governments to cooperate with you and you said, ``Thank you, Amen, yes,'' that meant, ``Thank you, Amen, no,'' is that what you're telling me now?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you still want us to help you force the localities to cooperate with you on turning over criminals to your agency?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would you like us to pass a law that would require local governments to turn dangerous illegal immigrants directly over to ICE?    Mr. Mulvaney. Why not?    Mr. Mulvaney. You have given testimony that says----    Mr. Mulvaney. No. You may not. You have given testimony that says that one of the reasons you're concerned about the lack of cooperation is the safety of your agents. If we were to pass a law that would require towns and cities to turn dangerous criminal illegals directly over to your agents, would that make your agents safer?    Mr. Mulvaney. Great answer to a question I did not ask. If Congress were to pass a law to do that, would your people be safer?    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes.    Mr. Mulvaney. I didn't ask you that. If we did it, would it make your--we all know the answer, and the answer is yes. I will get a chance to ask you the last question, the question is this, apparently either you or Jeh Johnson wants to put the politics ahead of the safety of your people. And I find that absolute unacceptable.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.