    Mr. Carney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Grim, for coming in today and for answering the questions that we have.    I was part of a group of members of the committee on this side of the aisle, I think, obviously, I think it was also a bipartisan effort to encourage the Department of Labor and the SEC to develop the fiduciary standard, uniform fiduciary rule together in a consistent kind of way. That didn't happen. That was several years ago. And the Department of Labor has proposed its rule and they are taking a lot of feedback. They are getting a lot of input.    And you are in the process, I understand what you have said and the information that I have, in developing the standard from the SEC's perspective. Is that right? We have had a lot of conversation about it over the last--    Mr. Grim. Yes, that is right.    Mr. Carney. --hour or so. Could you give me a timetable for that? You mentioned you are doing a study now. What does that study look like, and what is your timetable?    Mr. Grim. I think the timetable will ultimately be up to the Commission to vote on the rule. I think that our direction from the Chair has been to develop a recommendation for the Commission's consideration, and that is what we are doing. We are studying very hard some of these impact questions that we have been talking about here because we want to fashion the recommendation in the best way possible for investors and--    Mr. Carney. Do you have a sense as to how long that is going to take before you will have a recommendation ready?    Mr. Grim. I don't.    Mr. Carney. The reason I ask the question is because the Department of Labor has its proposal out, and it is getting a lot of feedback. Have you looked at that? I guess you have because you are providing some technical advice and expertise for them, right?    Mr. Grim. Yes, I am aware of it.    Mr. Carney. What do you think? What do you think of the best interest contract and some of the things that are in it? There has been some concern raised about process-wise, how it would all work. Have you looked at those?    Mr. Grim. I do know that the Labor Department has gotten a lot of comments on that issue and a number of other issues with its proposal. I think our focus, the SEC staff focus on providing its comment or expertise on the proposal has been around potential impacts of choices that they are making in--    Mr. Carney. Is your sense that what they have proposed, and given the feedback they have gotten and their expressions of willingness to make certain changes, do you think they are heading in the same direction of where your recommendation will go to the SEC?    Mr. Grim. I honestly don't know.    Mr. Carney. Part of the reason for our letter in the first instances was that you didn't have two widely differing approaches to this really important uniform--the whole point of it was to get uniformity, right, not to have a separate set of rules apply to different groups of people.    Mr. Grim. I would point out that ERISA and the Investment Advisers Act, in terms of fiduciary, already have differing approaches--    Mr. Carney. Right.    Mr. Grim. --to what our fiduciary duty does, so that is something that has to be considered as part of this whole thing.    Mr. Carney. One of the concerns that has been raised is that small balance accounts will be orphaned because of the changes maybe in compensation allowances would mean that small accounts would be orphaned. Is that something that you are looking--the people who have those accounts wouldn't get any advice, is that something that you are looking at as well in your analysis?    Mr. Grim. That is something that is very important to us for sure as part of our effort.    Mr. Carney. You have the, potentially, the small IRAs under your jurisdiction, right?    Mr. Grim. What we did both as part of the study that the SEC staff provided to Congress 6 months after Dodd-Frank and in the request for information that we issued to the public a couple of years after that, we have been asking for all kinds of data on--well, a number of issues, but that issue in particular. And my staff, Division of Trading and Market staff, which is the broker-dealer experts, and our Division of Economic and Risk Analysis, our economic experts, we are all looking at that.    Mr. Carney. One of the responses that we heard is that there will be new models will emerge in the marketplace. What is your view of that? And it is already happening, by the way.    Mr. Grim. Yes, I think it is a little too early to say. Obviously, we are just developing our recommendation. So, it is going to be a little too early to say since our recommendation hasn't even been voted on by the Commission.    Mr. Carney. Thank you. Good luck with it.    I yield back.