    Mrs. Capps. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield and Ranking Member Rush, for holding this hearing. Thank you to each of you witnesses for your testimonies today.    You know, I am sort of like the catch-up questioner now, and many of the things probably I will say or ask may have been said one way or another. But I want to make sure we get some things on the record.    Over 40 years ago, our predecessors in this place recognized they had the power to protect the health--this is about health--of all Americans and the environment in which we live.    Several landmark laws were created to do just this right about that sort of pivotal time. During the 1970s, even before we saw the creation of the National Environmental Policy Act--NEPA--the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Endangered Species Act--so many at that particular time.    In addition, Congress passed a significant overhaul of the Clean Air Act in 1970. All of these laws have provided the foundation for a safer, cleaner environment and have drastically improved our public health, and it goes without saying we are still benefitting from the creation of these landmark laws.    However, since the enactment of the laws we have seen countless attacks to weaken them despite the fact that we are benefitting from them, and I think this is the nature of the society in which we live.    Instead of prioritizing the public health and the environmental safety issues, we have seen push after push to marginalize these protections that are in place.    So my questions are now for you, Mr. Mirzakhalili. In your testimony, you highlighted--I probably butchered your name--some serious concerns with this legislation we are discussing and I share--I will just be honest--I share many of these concerns with you.    One of my major concerns relates to Section 3(b), which changes the criteria for establishing an air quality standard from one that is based solely on protecting public health--true to confession, I am a public health nurse by background--to one that includes the consideration of the, quote--and we have been using this phrase a lot--``technological feasibility'' of the standard, and my background tells tells you that I have always appreciated that we should recognize that protecting our health is really the number-one priority.    In fact, you stated that this provision that we are discussing today could--I quote from your testimony--unravel the entire framework of the Clean Air Act. Those are pretty strong words.    My first question--do you believe that economic or technological feasibility should be considered in the air quality standard-setting process at all? Is there a reason that we should stray from the precedent of only considering public health?    Mrs. Capps. You probably said this, but if you'd say it again.    Mrs. Capps. And you've sort of said this too even just now, but why is it so important to separate the cost--consideration of cost from setting the standard?    Mrs. Capps. Right.    Mrs. Capps. And so, again, you touched on this but is there--are we really clear in your mind of the charge to the United States Congress in the--in this area and is there a more appropriate place for the kind of consideration that is brought up in this legislation?    Mrs. Capps. OK.    Mrs. Capps. Thank you.