    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I had some questions and observations for the inspector general for the Judicial Department because I am a big fan of his and I always enjoy when he comes before Congress. And then my friend from Oklahoma said something that caused me to kind of divert my thinking a little bit, and I want to, first of all, tell my friend from Oklahoma thank you for your service to our country well before you ever came to Congress.    You mentioned straw purchasers, and of course a straw purchaser is someone who purchases a firearm on behalf of someone who has been prohibited, and that kind of got me thinking, well, I wonder how long the list of prohibited persons is. And I was wondering from my friend from Oklahoma, it is already, I believe, against the law for persons who have been convicted of felonies to purchase firearms and ammunition, is that right?    Mr. Gowdy. You know what I found striking, there is actually a pretty long list of people who can't purchase firearms, any kind of firearm or ammunition: those who used controlled substances, those who have been court-martialed, those that are not here legally, those that have overstayed visas, those that are subject to a restraining order in a domestic violence case. They already can't possess firearms, any kind of firearm. So that got me wondering, to my friend from Oklahoma. I wonder how this administration is doing enforcing the current laws that are on the books for all of those categories of prohibited persons. Does my friend know whether prosecutions are up or down over the last 8 years?    Mr. Gowdy. And, you know, I find that stunning. I guess I find it stunning at a logical level why you would ask for more tools when you are not using the tools that you currently have. And I would encourage all of my friends to look at the prosecution levels for 18 USC 922(g) crimes, firearms violations, look at the level of prosecution for the last 8 years under this administration, and you will see that gun prosecutions have gone down.    So I am trying to figure out how another law that you are not going to enforce is going to make us safer. And to my friend from Oklahoma, I am struggling to follow the logic.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I am pretty sure we have laws against narcotics trafficking, too, and I have not noticed that going away in part because of a porous border but for other reasons as well.    And in conclusion, my friend from Oklahoma, I notice the Governor of Virginia has begun a campaign to restore the rights of persons who have been convicted. It is a restoration of rights. I guess if that is what Virginia wants to do, that is what Virginia can do, but I would hasten to add, those persons have already been afforded due process. They were convicted. They were either convicted by a jury of their peers or they stood in front of a judge and admitted that there was proof beyond a reasonable doubt on every element of the crime. So they have already been afforded due process, and yet the Governor of Virginia wants to restore their rights. And some of those same folks are now arguing to take away rights of folks who have had no due process whatsoever. Can the gentleman from Oklahoma help me understand that?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I thank my friend from Oklahoma, and I thank the chairman for his indulgence, and we would yield back.