    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, panel, for being here today. I want to talk about what appears to be the No. 1 glaring concern with the fence jumper. But I also want to talk about that from a budget perspective. So let me make sure that I am clear on this. In your opinion, the fence breach was caused because of insufficient training, is that correct?    Mr. Walker. Sure. But a couple times this morning I have heard it try to be tied into some kind of budgetary issue. My question would be if one of you guys saw someone jump the fence, would you know what to do?    Mr. Walker. Sure. But we cannot correlate that to being a budgetary issue, is that fair to say? I mean, we just recently passed a human trafficking bill that would train tens of thousands of agents to spot out some of the perpetrators or the victims. There is no additional funding for it. So sometimes training, to me, has no boundary from the sense it is connected with funding, is that a fair Statement in your report?    Mr. Walker. Granted. But, Ms. Gray, I believe you even used the term part of the responsibility was to keep sharp and to hone instincts. I don't see where that necessarily ties into more funding. I believe that training can be done without additional resources. Is that part of your report? Do you think that is fair?    Mr. Walker. Fair enough. Let me use the last bit of my time to talk about budget transparency. Were you surprised that no one in the Secret Service could answer some of the budgetary questions that you proposed?    Mr. Walker. Maybe could we say that was one of your larger, if not largest, surprises, that there was no go-to person when you had budgetary questions?    Mr. Walker. And is that part of the reason you are recommending a Director from the outside, someone who would bring a completely different perspective, including not just the Secret Service side, the protection side, but also the budgetary side?    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yield back.