    Mr. Diaz. Good afternoon, Chairman Katko, Chairman King, and other Members of the subcommittees. Thank you for holding this hearing and for inviting me to discuss security at New York's Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Joining me today is Michael Coan, the chief of the department for the MTA Police.    Before joining the MTA in January 2014 as director of security, I served as chief of the New York City Police Department's Transit Bureau, responsible for the safety and security of the MTA, New York's TRANSIT SYSTEM. During my 41-year career with the NYPD, I also served as commanding officer of Patrol Borough North and Patrol Borough South and the School Safety Division. Before joining the NYPD, I served in Vietnam with the United States Marine Corps.    In my present position, I am responsible for the security of the MTA, including coordinating MTA efforts with the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI, the National Guard, the NYPD, and the New York and Connecticut State Police. I oversee the MTA Police Department, which has jurisdiction in 14 counties in New York and Connecticut and patrols a 5,000-square-mile rail network. I am responsible for the implementation and execution of the security strategy that offers maximum protection to the public, the MTA employees, and MTA property.    Before I discuss security in more depth, I would like to set the stage with some basic facts about the MTA. Every day we move more than 8.7 million people on our subways, buses, and commuter rail lines. We are one of the few transit systems in the world that operates 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Our 7 bridges and 2 tunnels carry nearly 300 million vehicles a year. Our network of trains, buses, bridges, and tunnels is a trillion-dollar asset, meaning this: If we were to build our network today, including about 9,000 rail cars, 5,000 buses, and millions of other assets, it would cost nearly $1 trillion.    Protecting millions of people a day in a trillion-dollar asset is an enormous task. I can tell you that the MTA's priority is clear: Ensuring the safety and security of our customers and our employees.    To protect our customers and our assets, the MTA employs multi-layered security strategies. Some strategies, like policing, are highly visible. Others are less visible, like structural hardening, advances in technology, and improved communications.    The hallmark of policing our 5,000-square-mile territory is collaboration. Let me explain. In response to the growing threat of active-shooter attacks, over 95 percent of our PD officers have received transit security grant-funded active-shooter training. In addition, over 60 officers have received heavy weapons training. We have a robust See Something, Say Something campaign coupled with security awareness training for our front-line employees. The two serve to encourage vigilance, as well as educate individuals as to what appropriate actions should be taken when suspicious activity is observed. To date, the MTA has trained in excess of 35,000 front-line employees.    The recent incident of a potential active shooter in France thwarted by vigilant rail passengers clearly illustrates the importance of such awareness initiatives and training. Transit Security Grant Program grant awards have also supported our See Something, Say Something campaign and our civilian employee training.    Behind the scenes, one critical layer to us surely is the structural and technological hardening of our infrastructure. Since 9/11, the MTA has invested close to $1.4 billion of local funds towards an aggressive campaign to harden our subway and our commuter rail systems, as well as our bridges, tunnels, and other infrastructure. Critical stations and vulnerable areas have been secured with electronic security systems, consisting of CCTV, intrusion detection, and access control devices. We have also deployed chemical, biological, radiological detection technology at such locations.    We have benefited from over $400 million in support for our security program from DHS since 2003. TSA and FEMA have helped us immeasurably with grant allocations and reallocations.    Unfortunately, the trend of a shrinking National program has limited our ability to move forward with our capital security mitigations. For example, in fiscal year 2009, the MTA received $92 million of a $349 million National program. Six years later, the National appropriation has dropped by 75 percent, leaving only $87 million for transit agencies across the country.    We are grateful for the support and are pleased that the initial period of performance for transit security grants has been extended to 36 months, which affords us time needed to complete capital security projects funded through the TSGP.    Another layer of MTA's security strategy is communication and intelligence sharing. At the Federal level, we have excellent working relationships with our DHS partners represented by FEMA and TSA. We attend regular meetings, conference calls, and continually exchange information. When potential threats are identified, they are communicated immediately. We share intelligence with many law enforcement agencies on a daily basis through our Inter-Agency Counterterrorism Task Force.    Additionally, we conduct joint patrol initiatives with other regional transportation agencies, including Amtrak, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, New Jersey Transit, the New York and Connecticut State Police, the New York State National Guard, and the NYPD. MTA PD detectives represent the MTA on the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, the FBI's Cyber Crimes Unit, the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, and the NYPD Counterterrorism and Intelligence Units.    I am proud to oversee this system and its proactive and accomplished security personnel and look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in law enforcement and you in the House to keep our customers safe and our systems secure. Once again, thank you for inviting me to testify today, and I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Diaz. Chairman, I think as of September 2014, at the Governor's direction, if you look at Penn Station and some of our major terminals, like Grand Central, we substantially increased, by probably about 40 percent on the MTA PD side, increased our police presence there, our uniformed presence. In addition to that, the National Guard, New York National Guard was substantially increased in our terminals. The New York State Police now also are present in both of our terminals, Penn Station and Grand Central Station, in addition to riding our trains.    So I feel very comfortable with the level of uniformed presence we have in those terminals. However, there is a concern because we were able to support that through transit security grant funding and a large part of that funding expired August 31. We have sort-of, like, we are running out of money.    We thought we would probably have to cut back a little bit, but the direction from our Governor's office was that he did not want to see an increase. So we have been spending a lot of money to put those extra resources there. That is a concern of mine, at some point, that we are not going to have the funds to continue the level of presence we have had in those terminals.    Mr. Diaz. It is about 6 million passengers a day. We run over about 7,800 trains on a week day.    Miss Rice. So how do you run such a vast operation and do it as successfully as you have? Now, taking into consideration the fact that, obviously, money is a big priority, and we hear you loud and clear about funds drying up making it more challenging for you to do your job. But you do it pretty well. I mean, I ride the subway, and I am pretty amazed that is done. I mean, you have issues. But how do you get it right? The report that Ms. Grover did: What, if any, improvements would you make if you could?    Mr. Diaz. Well, what I would like to say, the New York City Police Department actually patrols our transit system. They have about 2,600 officers and they do a fantastic job. I mean, crime is like a minimum number of crime. We average about, I think, six crimes a day for that entire transportation system.    They do a fantastic job of patrolling it. We have surge operations. We have bag inspections. Robust K-9 units that patrol those areas. We have a pretty elaborate CCTV and electronic security systems. Intrusion detection. Our tunnels are hardened to make it difficult for anybody to get into our tunnels and do anything to our trains and to our infrastructure.    We have a lot of infrastructure protection in addition to the railroads. We have, it was mentioned earlier, Penn Station, if you look at Penn Station, it has bollards that circle almost the entire station. So if someone with a large bomb in a large vehicle, they are not going to get into that station. So we feel very comfortable with that.    But those are the types of things that we like to do to protect our system. Again, it takes money to do that.    Miss Rice. So you describe a very good relationship, obviously, with the NYPD. My question would be to Ms. Hanson, to you, again, Mr. Diaz, and Mr. Mayenschein, the Chairman said in his opening statement that up to this point a lot of the focus, at least before the incident that happened in Paris or outside of Paris, a lot of the focus in terms of security and transportation security has been on the aviation industry.    So what I would like you to talk about, the three of you, is what level of cooperation and coordination do you have with people who are focused on that area, aviation security, and land and surface security? Because there is a lot of overlap there. So however you want to take the answer.    Mr. Diaz. I can just say, on the intelligence side and information sharing, like recently there were some threats to aviation, we get immediate notifications for our partners at TSA. We have excellent communication when it comes to intelligence, I think. I am very impressed.    I mean, every day I get intelligence information from all of our law enforcement partners, our Governmental partners. I have an interagency counterterrorism task force that every day gets briefings from all of those other areas and puts together a nice briefing package. We get that before 7 o'clock every morning. We distribute that to other law enforcement agencies.    The information sharing, I think, is really outstanding. We have officers embedded into JTTF, New York City Intel-CounterTerrorism. The information sharing, I think, is outstanding. I don't think there is any problem with that.    TSOC, I know, was mentioned. About an hour ago, I just saw a TSOC notification from our New York City Transit to TSOC regarding a fare evader that didn't pay a fare and had a firearm on him illegally.    So I think we have come a long way.    Miss Rice. Mr. Mayenschein--because I have one question I want to ask all of you--would you agree, and Ms. Hanson, would you agree with Mr. Diaz's assessment?    Mr. Diaz. I concur.    Miss Rice. Great. Thank you all.    Mr. Chairman, I just ask unanimous consent that Mr. Langevin be allowed to sit and question the witnesses during this hearing.    Mr. Diaz. Yes, Chairman. Incident command, again, Grand Central is a Metro-North property. We do have also New York City Transit presence in Grand Central. We have great a relationship with them, a great working relationship. There is a fire brigade assigned to Grand Central that works for Metro-North, and they have a great relationship with the fire department, all the fire department chiefs.    I think as far as interoperability, I think we get along very good. As far as radio communication, that might be a little more difficult, but I think more important than radio communication, I think, is interagency cooperation and interagency interaction with each other. I think that we get the job done.    Mr. Diaz. Mr. Diaz. Yes, sir. I think we all have the same goal. Again, like I said earlier, we have detectives that are assigned to JTTF, that are assigned to HITDA, that are assigned to NYPD Counterterrorism, and NYPD Intelligence. There is great information sharing. I mean, we talk together all of the time. Every day I receive briefings and alerts.    I can say that, and it is funny, because it is not just at working hours. We have such a great relationship. We have fraternal organizations and we see each other at evening, at dinners, and other places. So we are constantly talking to each other. I think we have come a long, long ways from 9/11, and I don't think those issues that existed then exist anymore today.    Mr. Diaz. On the MTA PD side, we have a lieutenant and two investigators that are assigned to the FBI Cyber Task Force. I think we have gotten a little ahead of the curve on that because we haven't had any real issues.    But our IT department is ahead of the curve on that. They have a number of things in place. I am not really a computer expert, but I know that we get probes every single day, numerous probes into our system, and they have all been defeated. But it is a concern, and we do have our personnel assigned with the FBI so when that event comes we have things in place that are ready to address it.