    Mr. Akuetteh. Thank you very much, Chairman Donovan and Ranking Member Bass. I really appreciate not just being included in this panel but as always for all the work that this committee and subcommittee does.    This time, particularly, I'm extremely happy for two reasons--because of the focus on democracy and U.S. democracy assistance programs in Africa it's very dear to my heart and, of course, I have been included to talk a little bit more about the country where I was born--Ghana.    Now, Ghana has enjoyed a lot of kudos and praise, particularly when it comes to elections and turning over power peacefully to parties that are out of power who win elections and I think those kudos are well earned.    The question that has been raised, especially when it's been mentioned that DRG programs have been cut, is that there have been times when the thinking is that Ghana does a good job and therefore U.S. assistance should focus on more challenged countries on the continent.    It is true there are countries that are not doing as good a job. But I am here to make the case why attention should not be shifted from Ghana and where it has been shifted it should be refocused back particularly for the upcoming elections which happen a day before the U.S. elections in November. Ghana votes on November 7.    And there are a couple of reasons that I want to cite. In my own lifetime, I have seen political violence in Ghana in the early 1960s and 1970s and therefore nobody should think that electoral political violence Ghana is immune to those. They are not.    What will make them immune is good processes and transparency. Now, when it comes to what are the actual reasons for focusing and looking at Ghana now, which is what I was asked to address, I focus on five reasons.    President Clinton visited Ghana. So did President Bush and then, of course, President Obama visited Ghana. All of these point to the fact that Ghana and the U.S. now are friendly countries and therefore I think supporting elections in Ghana I would cite as something that friends with capacity help other friends do.    Secondly, Ghana does enjoy sort of immortal status in Africa on a few issues, from independence but also on holding elections and therefore it seems to me that whatever gains Ghana has made when it is assisted to maintain those gains the news spreads in Africa.    Other African countries do look at Ghana and therefore supporting Ghana's electoral processes will be a way for the U.S. to spread the word for democracy across the continent.    But there is another reason why. The previous elections in Ghana and what has been called the Fourth Republic, which started in 1992, 24 years ago, there have been six elections.    The one in November will be number seven. All six have been peaceful pretty much and power has been turned over to the party out of power on two occasions.    However, those have been very close elections and they have been disputed. Now, at the time they were called free and fair elections. We have had some instances where American experts have gone back, looked at some of the things and said well, maybe we missed this or that and therefore there is a strong case for making sure that now we look at the elections closely and don't miss any weaknesses that might be there.    A further reason is that 6 months away from Ghana's election if you look at what is happening on the ground now, there is heated campaigning. There are even people who have already said and have even complained to units like USAID offices and the Embassy that look, if things don't go well there might be violence.    Given that that has been said and given that Ghana has known political violence in its history this adds to the argument for saying that despite the reduction of looking at Ghana because of good elections this particular election needs assistance and attention from the United States. And the final argument that I make is this. The shifting resources and attention from Ghana to other African countries can be justified when they have greater needs. But another way of looking at it is that it is important to stay with Ghana and provide assistance in order to protect the investment and the gains that have already been made. So that is a final argument for that.    Now, I also took the liberty of suggesting a few ways for improving electoral assistance in Ghana. My colleague mentioned how late sometimes the funding comes. In my work in west Africa in promoting democracy we actually made the point that watching elections and balloting is important. But Ghana, for instance, has a 4-year cycle.    A lot of things happen before and after the balloting and therefore a key recommendation is projects have to be designed and have to be included in budgets to make sure that there are things being done both before and after elections, sometimes years before.    If you look at how elections are compromised in different countries including African ones, those who compromise elections are getting smarter by the day. So they don't steal the elections. They don't stuff the ballots so much. They can do things before we arrive at the elections. So it means that electoral programs should also be done during periods and looking at the processes before we actually vote.    And the final recommendation I will make, when you look at Ghana there are a number of competent NGOs and many of them are run by people who are friends of mine.    But I do think that the assistance to NGOs in Ghana needs to be diversified so that only a few favorite NGOs do not get all the assistance. Earlier, when the first panel discussed their submissions I noticed they talk about both IRI and NDI doing democracy work. I think that kind of ideological balance is also needed in countries including Ghana.    And I thank you again for doing this hearing on democracy including Ghana and inviting my views. I will be happy to answer any questions.    Thank you.    Mr. Akuetteh. Well, first of all, I'm sorry for your loss. But I'm also glad that somebody born in the same country--a sister of mine contributed.    It is hard for me to say because I look at Africa and the countries. They are artificial creations by the Europeans and therefore in many cases I don't think that one African country is that different from another.    It may be the experiences both during colonialism and then since. In the case of Ghana in particular, when I look at, you know, that there is less polarization politically and ethnically than other African countries I think one of the credits I give is the first President of Ghana, who made dampening ethnic identity a special importance of his and building a country where people see themselves as Ghanaian first. So that has to do with--I mean, that is one explanation.    In terms of turning power over peacefully, Ghana did have a lot of coups. In fact, that President was overthrown in 1966. We had lots and lots and lots of coups and attempted coups, and when I talk to Ghanaians and in my own thinking Ghanaians tried everything else. You know, colonialism was imposed on us. Then we had one-party system. Then we had coups, and Ghanaians came to the realization that the best form of government that will work for us is a leader that we choose and if we don't like them we throw them out.    By the way, in Ghana these days when people stick out their thumb it's not the American way of saying ``okay.'' It's just warning politicians that we will be voting. Because in Ghana when you vote your thumb is stuck in ink and so when they hold it up it's like well, we see what you are doing--don't forget elections are coming.    But whatever it is, I'm saying that I think those are in other African countries too and it would be good to find out how to bring it to the fore.    Mr. Akuetteh. I do want to thank you again for holding this.    I share everything that has been said. In fact, I think because the level of English is better here it's been said more elegantly.    But I do support that when we--because elections are cycles the funding and the planning should be adjusted so that there is attention to various things that need to be done before balloting arrives and even following the balloting that there will be things to do.    And I will cite the example that Kofi Annan and I share a country of birth and if he thinks that Ghana needs attention and he's turning his attention to it again I think it is good that this hearing is being held and that the agencies that fund elections will look at Ghana again not from a negative point of view but to consolidate the real progress that has been made so that this passage of elections, clean elections, and peaceful handover.    If it is necessitated--if the opposition does win, and I'm not saying they will win, we don't know yet, but if they do win that will continue the pattern of peaceful transfer. Thank you again.