    Mr. McHenry. Thank you, Chair Yellen. Thank you for being here.    I just want to go back to the chairman's original question. The Fed is currently not seeking any changes to Dodd-Frank. Is that correct?    Mr. McHenry. Okay. You previously did seek changes to Dodd-Frank, though, did you not?    Mr. McHenry. So you no longer need any help with Dodd-Frank? Is that the case now?    Mr. McHenry. You weren't currently in your seat that you are holding now when Dodd-Frank was implemented, but--    Mr. McHenry. --the Federal Reserve is the largest regulator in Washington, the largest regulator in the financial marketplace broadly, and perhaps the largest regulator in the world. So when we have these discussions about Fed oversight, a significant function of the Federal Reserve is on this regulatory aspect that was greatly enhanced through Dodd-Frank. Is that right? A significant amount of your time is on the regulatory front, not simply the monetary policy front?    Mr. McHenry. Okay.    Mr. McHenry. So, with these enhanced regulations and enhanced regulatory powers that we have been given, the Federal Reserve has been given through Dodd-Frank, do you have any concerns that that erodes your independence largely because your role is so much greater now in terms of financial regulation than it was prior to Dodd-Frank? Does that erode in any respect, or does it concern you that it would erode your independence going forward?    Mr. McHenry. But you are not concerned about the independence of the Fed when it comes to the regulatory piece? We have regulators in here regularly, many of them are on budget, and we have to appropriate money. The Fed is very different in that respect.    So do you have any concerns about these enhanced powers you have been given and congressional oversight of those powers?    Mr. McHenry. So no--    Mr. McHenry. Okay. So you are very fine with the Congress having intense oversight of your regulatory agenda and powers.    Mr. McHenry. Does that in any way run counter to your independence on setting monetary policy?    Mr. McHenry. No, but I am asking a different question than you are answering actually. Does that run counter to the Fed's independence broadly when we have intense oversight of the majority of the day-to-day operations of the Federal Reserve?    Mr. McHenry. Thank you. I appreciate it. Along those lines, the Fed has not processed additional regulations when it comes to capital and liquidity requirements for community banks and large banks. Are you done with the rulemaking when it comes to capital and liquidity?    Mr. McHenry. But in the short- and medium-term, are the Fed's proposals, when it comes to capital and liquidity, sort of through?    Mr. McHenry. And is that--    Mr. McHenry. Okay. So along those lines, this capital buffer that you proposed, the Dodd-Frank requirements that have been imposed on lending and community banks, in particular, and the cumulative effect of Basel, Dodd-Frank, and these capital surcharges, has the Fed undertaken a cost-benefit analysis on these regulations and the cumulative effect on lending, economic growth, job growth?    Mr. McHenry. Sure, sure, but--    Mr. McHenry. --has the Fed--    Mr. McHenry. Has the Fed undertaken that analysis?