    Dr. Shoemaker. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Committee, thank you for holding this hearing and inviting me to participate today. I too would like to thank the Committee for its interest in gravitational waves and LIGO, and I hope our testimony helps the Committee in its work.    I'm Dr. David Shoemaker. I'm with MIT in Cambridge, Massachusetts. My role was to have the pleasure and honor to lead the Advanced LIGO Project. Let's take a look at the first slide, please.    This was a major project, MREFC, and it came in on time and on budget. Could we look at the next slide, please?    To round out our testimony, I want to paint a broad picture of our field and its future. Let's look at the next slide, please.    What you see here are various images of people at work in the process of putting Advanced LIGO together.    So our first goal is accomplished, as you heard. We made a detection, a remarkable thing, but it's just the start of the new astronomy.    There are more kinds of sources that LIGO can expect to see. Let's look at the next slide. That's great. Thank you.    One of the ones that I want to talk about are neutron stars. These are stars which have collapsed from their original size, not all the way back down to a black hole but to material so dense that a single teaspoon would weigh 10 million tons, if you imagine such a thing. They tend to be magnetized and spinning, and they've got some strange things going on in their interior that we don't understand. They also can form binaries like the black holes that we saw, and if we can observe them both with our gravitational-wave detector as well as with satellites in space that NASA puts up to look at X-rays and regular telescopes on the ground that the NSF supplies for our observatory, we can put together all this information into a complete package and know more than we could have ever known without gravitational waves or without this combination, this synergy of information. So it's a wonderful new way to reuse tools that have been used for astronomy in the past and also to learn new things about space and nature that we couldn't have learned otherwise.    We have other ideas of things we'll see. Supernovas are rare but they will be wonderful to see. The modelers still don't know how to make them explode, and we might be able to answer that question. There are collapsing stars. There are cosmic stringers. There are defects in space-time. There will certainly be surprises. There are a lot of things. Every time we open up a new window to the universe, we see new things and we're surprised every time. I think this is going to be another one of those surprises.    Just as we need radio telescopes and optical instruments in the electromagnetic spectrum to see the full range of possibilities, we'll also want different kinds of gravitational-wave detectors in the future. Already underway is using isolated neutron stars, these funny, magnetized, spinning stars, looking at their radio signals from neutron stars throughout the universe, bringing them back down to the Earth and forming a complete picture of what we see and resolving that there're ripples in space-time between the Earth and these neutron stars that may soon yield the result that gives us our first ideas of what it's like for universe galaxies to be spiraling together. But really, the ultimate way of doing that kind of thing sometime in the future would be to have a space-based antenna. Instead of having two-and-a-half-mile-long arms, in space you could make two-and-a-half-million-mile-long arms. Our sensitivity grows with the length of those arms. You could do phenomenal science that way, and at some point that will be something I think the scientific community will feel we must do.    Coming back to Earth, let me say a little bit about LIGO. Next slide, please.    The first events were only seen with one-third of the full sensitivity that we believe this instrument currently can do. Right now, we're tuning it. We're increasing its sensitivity, and we think that we'll be able to run again sometime in the fall, making more observations. We're hoping that when we next run we'll be running with the French-Italian detector, Virgo, which will be coming on just about that time, and with three detectors, you can do a great deal more science. You can see where the source is in the sky and you can get an idea of what the polarization nature is. It will really add to what we can learn, and it leverages our investigation to have, as people were saying, these other projects that are coming along behind us but will add to, supplement the science we can do and complement the science we get from our own detectors.    We are the leaders, but with these other observatories, we will have a worldwide global cooperation that will bring us all forward in science. Once tuned, Advanced LIGO can go even further with modest technology changes. We're learning how to squeeze light, how to get more uncertainty out of our measurement and improve our resolution by using squeeze states of light. We also are looking into making better optics, in particular, ones that have new and better coatings on them that can reduce noise in certain areas. And it could be at some point in the future if this field comes alive the way we think it will, that we'll need a new observatory. It's not there yet, but that'll happen.    So the window to this new world of gravitational waves has just been cracked open. As we open it wider, more people look out on the landscape, we'll be rewarded with discoveries that will time and time again give us all, scientists, students, leaders and laypersons, a thrill of understanding things much better than ourselves.    Thank you for your time. Thank you for your interest in our science and your continuing support for the spectrum of innovations in science and technology that we see in the United States. We hope this glimpse of our field has allowed you to share in the sense of accomplishment you have enabled.    Dr. Shoemaker. I have one thing I can add to that. Timekeeping is really important for a broad range of activities. I think GPS is one of the things that we most frequently use now and take for granted. It requires general relatively to work but it also requires very precise timekeeping, and some of the innovations that we've made both in laser stabilization as well as these mirror coatings that are low loss and low noise, they help us do a better job of timekeeping, and that really makes a lot of the economy turn, being able to get things to a place in time.    Dr. Shoemaker. I'll make a guess, and it's a bit of a hope as well, that it will be a pair of neutron stars spiraling into each other, which we may actually see also with our ground instruments. That would be very exciting.    Dr. Shoemaker. We can say that it's unlikely that LIGO with a ground-based observatory will have a chance to see the primordial gravitational-wave background. At least our predictions right now insofar as we understand it would put them at a level which is too low to be seen, but it could be that either a space-based antenna could be seen--could see these sorts of effects or these ground-based antennas, which have been looking from Antarctica to try and understand the polarization of the Big Bang background, I think those experiments will also give a positive result shortly. I hope they will. That will be a very exciting result.    Dr. Shoemaker. Let me speak to that. NSF did fund us for a program to build Advanced LIGO detectors at $205 million, but then of their own free will, the German Max Planck Society, the STFC in the U.K., and also ARC in Australia all made contributions with a total value of some $17 million just because they wanted to be part of the experiment. They would've had access to the data. They would have enjoyed the profits of it. They wanted to be part of this activity.    Dr. Shoemaker. No, our fractional contribution is much larger than that, but as far as getting to the point of this observation, it is sort of 20 million versus 450 million of construction costs but Dr. Reitze was making an important point. Other nations are mounting large gravitational-way detection elements and we are working in concert with those. So if you wanted to add up all of that, the money going into KAGRA, the money that's going into Virgo, that becomes a much bigger number, but as far as the U.S. investment in these instruments, it's about what I said.    Dr. Shoemaker. Let me say one or two things about discussion of the sustained support for the research. I'm a professional scientist, I'm not a faculty member, and it's been really invaluable for me and for other colleagues in the LIGO Laboratory supported by the National Science Foundation to be able to turn our careers to this and choose to, without striving every 6 months to look for another funding source, to be able to make plans, to be able to make small-scale experiments that take years to give results, to work with industries in a cooperative way through the manufacturing cycle. It's that kind of continuity and intellectual input that allows something of this nature to take place. So that's been a very, very important thing to us. Clearly, also, when students come to us and say they want to do a project with us, and we can tell them you're going to be able to start and finish on this topic. It's something that really gets people engaged, keeps their mind on the science and away from what's happening next, so it's been very valuable to us. Thank you.    Dr. Shoemaker. Let me add that we're already one step along the way by having seen just how well our discovery, our first discovery, matches general relativity. It is astonishing how well Einstein's theory from 1916 matches what we saw, and that already excludes some possibilities for some things going haywire in our understanding of the universe. So that's already a set of constraints, and we think as we see each new source, we'll probably reach new limits. Maybe we'll discover something which is different than we expect, and that would really be a key, or maybe we'll find that our theories are better and better confirmed, but either way, this new window on the universe gives us a possibility to close some opportunities that would otherwise not be there to zero in on what the real answer is.    Dr. Shoemaker. I don't have too much to add. I'm an instrument builder. I love the technologies. I know we'll be doing wonderful things with the technologies that we're developing 5 or ten years from now. What will happen 100 years from now, I have absolutely no idea, but it will be neat.    Dr. Shoemaker. Well, I've actually never done any metrology on my bathroom mirror and so I can't quote you the specifications for it. The optics which are hanging freely in space to respond to the passing gravitational waves are right circular cylinders. They're chunks of beautiful, clear fused silica, or glass. They're about 100 pounds each. They're about--they're 34 centimeters, about a third of a meter, about a foot and a half in diameter. Their surfaces are polished to the radius of curvature that matches our two-and-a-half-mile-long arms so they're actually a very, very shallow curve and figured to within a ten to the minus 9 of a meter across or ten to the minus 10 of a meter across the full surface. This is work done by Zygo et al and they developed these techniques I think for some satellites that are looking down on us at the very moment. But they were able to figure these mirrors to an absolutely superb precision and then on that we put down layer after layer of alternating indices of refraction to get mirrors which reflect the light back extremely effectively with very little absorption but then also a curious additional requirement that the mechanical losses in the coating be low. This is part of the thermal noise. It's like the Brownian motion. Everything is jiggling around because it's at room temperature. Our coatings are the things that jiggle the most in our entire interferometer, and it's there where we have to put the most work in the near future in making our technology advances, and those are tough ones to do.    Dr. Shoemaker. It would work. In fact, the Japanese detector, KAGRA, which is in the process of now going together, uses this technique of cooling mirrors. The noise goes down as the square root of the temperature and so it's a pretty hard row to hoe. You have to bring down the temperature of a lot of big equipment in the presence of a very intense laser beam, so it's a big challenge. It's going to be somewhere in our future but I think we can do a lot on the Earth with the LIGO infrastructure without getting into cooling, and I hope we can hold off on the cooling until we really know that it's the best path to take. It's complicated.    Dr. Shoemaker. Let me say a little bit about the technical limits on the ground. What we'll probably find ourselves limited by is the lowest frequency we can observe which also corresponds to the biggest system of masses that we can measure, and it's finally the fact that the Earth is not just moving but also compressing and getting less dense as seismic waves pass that causes our mirrors to move because the amount of Newtonian attraction of the mirror is changing as a function of time, and that's a wall that's about one hertz and that will limit us to, I don't know, something like a thousand solar masses as the biggest objects that we can really measure on the Earth, and at that point it will really be the time to go into space and see what's going on there. The others, if you want to respond to the other questions?    Dr. Shoemaker. Oh.    Dr. Shoemaker. So one other thing to point out, though, I mentioned that we're at one-third of the sensitivity we believe our instruments can achieve with just doing tuning. A really neat thing about gravitational waves, it's an amplitude phenomenon. It falls off as one over R and not over one over R squared, the distance from the source to us. If we can increase our sensitivity by a factor of two, the number of sources within reach goes up as two cubed.    Dr. Shoemaker. I mean 3X.    Dr. Shoemaker. That's to say we'll reach----    Dr. Shoemaker. --three times further out, but that means that the effective--sorry. That means the effective rate will go up by 27 if you cube three, and if we saw one event in 30 days of observing, that says we might get to the point where we're seeing an event every day if this one event we saw is representative of the rate. So I think we can see that there's a lot of progress in the future----    Dr. Shoemaker. --that can go to increasing the rate.    Dr. Shoemaker. Let me say what the basic noise sources are. One of them has to do with the sort of quantum effects that Dave Reitze was talking about. We use lasers, and the lasers emit photons in a statistical way so there's a fluctuation of the number of photons so there's a fluctuation in what we use as our measure of where the masses are.    Dr. Shoemaker. The thing to do is get more photons, turn up the laser power. The next thing to do is address these questions of thermal noise that I mentioned earlier on, that everything is jiggling around due to Brownian motion, and the way we address that is to choose materials that have very, very low internal losses and squeeze all of that jiggling into a very narrow frequency band.    Lastly, you were talking about seismic motion. We built--and that's one of the really big improvements of Advanced LIGO over Initial LIGO, a system of seismic isolation which makes it so that we're effectively independent of the environment around us during normal weather conditions. We still can get knocked out of lock when there's a lot of wind. There was a tornado down in Louisiana just yesterday. So there's----    Dr. Shoemaker. That covers a broad spectrum of the things that we used.    Dr. Shoemaker. Then coming back to the mirrors once again, we knew what we needed for mirrors and so we found the very few bidders, one in Australia and one in France, by the way, who could deal with our basic requirements but they couldn't actually even measure what needed to be measured, and so we gave them instruction on how to proceed. We worked with them in a collaborative way to develop the technologies that were necessary and then we brought the optics back to Cal Tech where the very finest metrology in the world could be done and give them feedback about what they need--you know, what kinds of changes they needed to make in their technology. So in that way we were able to trade things back and forth between the academic side and the commercial sector and work in a collaborative way to get something to push the state-of-the-art forward.    Dr. Shoemaker. In particular, the kinds of challenges that we have of looking for small, intermittent signals against a complicated noise background are things that the defense industry finds interesting, so a number of people have gone off into that sector and discovered the skills that they developed with us were very useful. We don't hear much back from them, though.    Dr. Shoemaker. But then on the more fundamental question of the similarity of the two different effects, it's true that in both cases it's information that travels at the speed of light or the speed of gravity as you prefer. In both cases, the effect is perpendicular to the direction of propagation of the effect. In both cases, as you make antennas longer under the conditions of long wave lengths of information, you get bigger and bigger signals.    A basic difference, though, is that a photon is a particle that travels in space time. And we looked at space time itself as it warped, and so it's a slightly different thing in that sense there.    Dr. Shoemaker. I'd just add a little bit more. I talked a little bit about this dream of multi-messenger astronomy where you could see simultaneously on the ground with radio telescopes or the FERMI satellite and gravitational waves coming in all at once. An important necessity for that to work is that we be able to identify the signal as soon as possible after it is detected. It was 3 minutes after the waves cross the Earth that we had a signal that was unambiguous and clear that said something has happened here that requires attention.    For me, it was, again, when I first woke up 3 hours before Dave did, I'd been actually working with a close European colleague in Germany on just this question of whether or not we could perform injections. And we've been pulling our hair out because we knew technically we had a problem that we needed to solve before we could properly do the injections. So he thought only four people knew, but I knew also. It couldn't be an injection. We didn't know how to do them at that moment.    It took only minutes to realize that something had changed, but it's taken months for me really to integrate it into my vision of things. You work on something for 40 years dreaming about the day when the detection will come. It takes months for it to finally sink in.    Dr. Shoemaker. Yes. The really wonderful thing about the India opportunity is that it's far to the south of all of the other existing detectors. We have the Hanford, Washington, and Livingston, Louisiana, detectors. There's the Virgo detector from Italy, which is in Pisa. There's KAGRA, which is a Japanese detector. But if you look from a big distance from the Earth, they're all pretty much in a line. And the wonderful thing about the India site is that it's to the south of that. And that gives us a bigger tripod that we can use to look in the sky and try to localize the source of a gravitational wave, and it will have a remarkable and unique effect on our ability to pinpoint in the sky.    Dr. Shoemaker. Let me just start by saying briefly, this field didn't exist when I was in high school, but I think what I found was really crucial was to find something I was passionate about and just throw myself into it. That was really the key for me in being able to focus enough on a topic--you know, I was a young and wild one at one point, and it took finding something and also finding someone. It wasn't actually when I was in high school but when I was in the university that I found Rai Weiss, who has remained my mentor for the--all of my career, someone who was inspiring to me, somebody who was a role model, who looked to me like they understood what was important in what we were trying to do and could--was also good with a soldering iron. And I think those kinds of things, you find somebody that really turns you on. It gives you the focus to actually follow through with things that look really tough when you start out. Thank you.