    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And I appreciate, Ranking Member, your support of the Capitol Police and Chief Dine.    Listen, after 38 years of being in law enforcement that I have experience in and being a chief administrator, I know it can be a thankless job from time to time. But, you know, the pressures do exist.    And one of the things I think that this committee would like to see--or at least I would like to see--is more transparency with the agency and us. And it doesn't always have to be in a formal setting such as this. It can be on a one-on-one setting with any one of us as this goes forward.    Obviously, we have great concerns, with reference to what has been in the media as it relates to officers leaving their weapons in areas that they shouldn't, in the gyrocopter landing. I don't think we need to go through every issue at this point in my comments.    But I will tell you that we need to have a better understanding of the Capitol Police. It is probably the most unique law enforcement agency in the Nation that I am aware of because your mission is really about protecting this campus and all of us but, as the chairman had mentioned, all the citizens that come here on a daily basis to view democracy in action.    And yours is a job that not many people could do. And I will tell you, you are only as good as the folks that surround you and your upper administration. But also the men and women that daily put on those uniforms and the vest to protect us, without them, this doesn't happen and we don't have an open setting like this. And so I want to make sure that we are doing everything to support you but also support the men and women of this agency.    And I think sometimes that gets lost, that there are actually people that kiss their husbands or wives goodbye in the morning and not knowing if they are going to come back tonight. And I want to make sure that we are doing everything in our power that they have a great working environment. I am sure you agree with that.    So we want to hear what steps you are going to do to remedy some of the issues that have been brought up by members here today and that you are going to hear about later as we move forward. It is very important that we feel assured that--you are the chief executive officer; you are the Chief of Police--that you have a good handle on it and what you are going to do to remedy it.    You know, obviously, we talk to your folks on a regular basis. And we want to make sure that their morale is high and that they want to stay here because we have a big investment in them. And so I want to hear from you what exactly, what specific ideas you have to put in place to make sure that this elite force stays elite, has the training, and the backing of its administration as we move forward.    And Madam Chair, I yield back. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Other members?    If not, let me formally introduce our one witness here today. Kim Dine is the eighth Chief of the United States Capitol Police and has served in this position since December of 2012. The Chief has had a distinguished career in law enforcement for the last 39 years. He began his career with the Metropolitan Police Department in Washington, D.C., where he was eventually appointed assistant chief of police for the department.    In 2002, he became the chief of police of the Frederick, Maryland, police department and served there for 10 years. As Chief of the U.S. Capitol Police, Chief Dine is responsible for commanding a force of nearly 2,000 sworn-in civilian personnel, who are very dedicated to provide comprehensive law enforcement security and protective operation services to the U.S. Congress, Members, staff, and millions of annual visitors in the surrounding complex.    So, with that, Chief, we certainly appreciate you joining us today, and we look forward to your comments. There is normally a 5-minute period, but you take what you need and go through it. Thank you.    Mr. Nugent. Well, I appreciate your kind words, Mrs. Chairman. It is very important to me to hear from the Chief.    And, Chief, once again, I think Mr. Brady hit it on the head. We are not here in an adversarial position, but we certainly have a lot of questions. At least I do. You know, I read through everything that the Capitol Police provided. I have tabbed it. I have looked at it. And I agree with Mr. Brady, this is the first time in 2\1/2\ years that I have seen you, which is troubling at least to have that kind of open dialogue.    But when we talk about, and the chairman brought it up, reference to the guns. That is like rule number one that you, I am sure, teach at the academy. You talk about handgun retention all the time. You do those things in a way that obviously has to impress upon the rank-and-file guys and gals about how important it is. And they understand it, trust me. I mean, you know this from your time. My time as a patrol officer, we understand how important that is.    But the question I have is, it seems that there is not a lot of transparency in disciplinary process within the Capitol Police; secondly, when the Members that the protective details are there to protect weren't even notified by the supervisor, and at one point in time, it took somebody from your command staff after they were notified by one of--I won't say victim of it, but one of the folks that had knowledge of it--you never even notified the protectee, which is troubling to me.    So, you know, I understand that one has already been--well, has been forwarded 6-days suspension, but it is still at the bureau level before it is implemented. Is that true?    Mr. Nugent. Let me ask you a simple question about the three folks or at least the two that are on protective detail, are they removed from the detail?    Mr. Nugent. Well, I understand, but in your policy, I read that you do have the ability for disciplinary reasons to remove somebody from an assignment because that is pretty gross--that is a gross problem if you leave a gun and particularly when a child sees it.    Mr. Nugent. You know, and I would think from the rest of the folks that work protecting all of us that they would expect that, you know, that type of violation of the rules would be held pretty high and the discipline would be pretty quick. So everybody understands because, you know, I mean putting in policy, hey, listen don't leave your gun in the bathroom, that is like commonsense 101, right, Chief?    I mean, so to press that point though to all the other rank-and-file folks to, hey, listen, this isn't going to be accepted, particularly somebody on a protective detail because that is quite a responsibility to have that position. And, obviously, they did a great job at whatever position they had, I would think, to get elevated to that.    Mr. Nugent. And so the question has been, at least raised in the press, is that we only find out about this stuff if it is somehow leaked. Are you going to do something different with Capitol Police in regards to violations of policy so I think this committee at least should be aware of those types of problems so we can assist you in doing the things that you need to do, whether it is in funding or it is placing, like the chairman mentioned, lockboxes, as we used to do when you went into court or you went somewhere where there was a prisoner--and I know you sure have those at the office--that you have those in strategic areas within whatever protector it maybe.    Mr. Nugent. Were the people that these officers were protecting, were they notified? Were the Speaker of the House and them or others notified of the violation of policy with the weapon unattended?    Mr. Nugent. Well, you are hitting it on the head. That is the last place--I can remember being as sheriff. I didn't want to read about it in the newspaper when somebody hasn't told me.    Mr. Nugent. One last question on the gun issue, and I don't want to beat this to death, but the supervisor that was aware of the officer leaving his firearm or her firearm unattended didn't notify the chain of command reference to that violation. What is happening to that supervisor?    Mr. Nugent. Right. And, once again, and I know that investigations take a while, but I would suggest that this is a pretty simple investigation as compared to some that we have had to investigate over the course of our careers that, you know, need an extension. Like you said, you have a 60-day rule and you can extend to 120. I get it. I had to do it too. But these types of actions need to be pretty swift, I would think, just for your rank and file, so they know that, you know, people are held accountable.    Mr. Nugent. Well, that is what discipline is all about. I mean, you try to coach and counsel and do all those things, but ultimately, they have to know there is a penalty if you do that.    And my last question, if you would indulge me, is really about the email that was sent that referenced the gyrocopter, the email that you referenced that came in at 12:59 p.m., on April 15. And the subject says, ``Question: Is a man flying gyrocopter toward U.S. Capitol?'' That is pretty distinct, I think.    And it says: Hi, I am a reporter for the Tampa Bay Times. A local man, as a protest, is flying a gyrocopter and is trying to land on the lawn of the Capitol. He says he has notified all relevant authorities. His name is Doug Hughes.    And more, they give the address, because my staff went on there and was watching it as it occurred, as he live-streamed his flight from Gettysburg. And, you know, it goes on to say to the Capitol Police, no. Have they okay'd this flight and the landing? And please call me. Gave a phone number.    Here is my concern, is that that is pretty specific, in that, A, it took how long before you were notified and those at the Capitol and those that possibly--who knows what the intent of this guy is. And that is the problem. When the guy climbs the fence at the White House, you don't know what his intent is. We don't want to wait to find out what their intent is because then we are in a mode--our guys and gals do a great job of making the arrest, but we would rather not be there.    And so my question is, when were you notified that there was a threat to the Capitol?    Mr. Nugent. As what happened?    Mr. Nugent. To me it just seems like it would be all hands on deck when you get an email like this and you have the Web site to go to, that bells should be ringing, sirens should be blaring within your chain of command as to, this is pretty damn important, excuse my language, but it is. What I worry about is that whoever got this information just said: Well, you know, we get this stuff all the time.    Well, this is fairly specific, would you not agree?    Mr. Nugent. If you read it, it is fairly obvious in the report, it gives his phone number so you can contact me. It wasn't like he was just, leaving something.    Let me ask you this. The Sergeant at Arms, when was he notified of this email?    Mr. Nugent. Chief, did he get a copy of this email?    Mr. Nugent. Did the Sergeant at Arms get a copy of it?    Mr. Nugent. We had the Sergeant at Arms in here and asked him questions about this, because obviously we are concerned, and we don't want to get into any of the classified portion of it.    Mr. Nugent. That I would hope we could do at a later date. I sit on Armed Services, so we have a lot of classified sessions afterwards.    The Sergeant At Arms was very, I don't think he was vague on purpose, but based upon what you are saying, is he didn't relate any of this like it is in this email to us. And so I am concerned about that. And that is why, if you didn't notice him with this email, I think that is problematic, at least for the Sergeant at Arms, and I can't speak for him.    I yield back. I see I am out of time. Thank you.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    We can have a second round of questions. I would like to now recognize Mr. Davis.    Mr. Nugent. I just have a comment about Philadelphia just in passing. Been there for a lot of Army-Navy games, and you are right, there is a great place, there are a couple places that actually have a pretty good cheesesteak, but I know the one you are talking about.    And, Chief, I would just say that in reading your response and all that, I think if you follow through with those things it will be a good thing. But you hit on something earlier that is near and dear to my heart where you were talking to one of the guys on the street. I found, and I am sure you did too, management by walking around, it is nothing against your command staff, but I used to have my command staff come in and say: Boss, how do you know that?    And it is amazing the things that you will hear from those folks that actually do the job. Command staff is great, but they have their reasons to do whatever, to insulate you or whatever, and I think it is real important that if you are not having townhall meetings with your folks, you ought to. It is a great opportunity.    I had the FOP as the union for my sworn patrol officers and below sergeant. They were actually my best ally in dealing with budget issues as it relates to benefits and salaries. So I would just say that that is something you can really, really encourage.    And so with that, I yield back. I thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you. Thank the gentleman.    Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. Nugent. I second it.    The Chairman. Pardon me?    Mr. Nugent. I second it.    The Chairman. You second it. Very good.    I thank everybody, all the Committee members.    Obviously, Chief, we had excellent attendance here today with a very engaged group of members who have a lot of questions and concerns, and I think everybody asked them very well. And your testimony was very good and your answers as well, although I think some of us are still scratching our head a little bit about some of these things.    I will say that if there is one takeaway from this hearing that I think you can see very clearly, the Members of Congress just have the utmost respect for the United States Capitol Police, and you are here representing your force of almost 2,000 folks here, and some of your staff and your folks are here today.    We tell you that in all sincerity. We thank you each and every day. And there are so many incidents, as I mentioned in my opening statement, that we never hear about. We never hear about these things, they just are handled, they are handled.    So we are just very, very appreciative of your willingness. Everybody comes to work willingly each and every day to protect this campus, and as I say, most importantly, all the Americans that are here. We do as a Committee stand ready to continue to work shoulder to shoulder with you and your entire force on our common goal of just keeping ourselves secure and keeping this campus secure and protecting democracy and freedom and liberty, all of those things. So we thank you very much.    Without objection, I will also mention that all members will have 5 legislative days to submit to the chair any additional written questions for the witness, which we will forward and ask him to respond as promptly as he could so that that answer could be made part of the record as well.