    Mr. Winkles. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. For the record, Mr. Chairman, I received word from the American Soybean Association, the National Corn Growers Association, and the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, informing me that they had received my written testimony, and have asked that I inform the Subcommittee that they support the points made in my testimony.    As a grain farmer, I understand the role and the work of the Federal Grain Inspection Service in the grain sector, but I believe I can add a unique perspective this morning, since I have had direct interactive experience with the FGIS through my responsibilities as President of the South Carolina Farm Bureau.    For several years, our organization operated a grain export elevator in Charleston, South Carolina. We were also in partnership with Carolina Soya in Hampton, South Carolina, a grain-handling and soybean processing operation, that provided a huge positive financial impact on the farmers in the Southeast. In the past, the South Carolina Farm Bureau Marketing Association operated a large number of local grain elevators, and we still own and operate one. In each of these facilities, FGIS was and is a major asset in our ability to market grains domestically and internationally. The grades established by the agency served to set the standard for every contract, and when coupled with the official inspection services, particularly with regards to export, FGIS provided the necessary and credible third party verification of grain standards that provide efficiencies in the marketing and movement of grain. Without these standards and verification of grades, every transaction would have been significantly more difficult and much more expensive.    As I am sure you know, in order to encourage the marketing of high quality grain for an agricultural sector, it is highly dependent upon export demand. The Act requires that exported grains and oilseeds be officially inspected if sold by grade and weight. Export inspections are carried out either by Federal inspectors or federally supervised state agencies called delegated official inspection agencies. We believe that any change in these fundamental requirements needs to be thoroughly and carefully considered in the context of how our international customers and their respective governments would view such changes. This is important today when some countries have shown very little reluctance to use some very interesting excuses to stop or inhibit exports of U.S. agricultural commodities and products.    We applaud your actions to move this legislation earlier this year because, as you know and as you have said, several provisions of the Act will expire in September, including the authority for FGIS to collect user fees that fund their operations, and the authority for the USDA Grain Advisory Committee. It is critically important to the grain sector that we maintain the ability for FGIS to continue to perform its duties and functions and not be allowed to lapse. We urge the Committee to reauthorize the Act in a timely manner.    Also, Farm Bureau believes that it is important to ensure that the extremely troubling precedent set in the State of Washington last summer, and similar situations that have occurred at other West Coast ports, are not repeated. We believe that the Washington State Department of Agriculture's actions created a precedent that was amplified by the FGIS decision to not intervene. The incident created uncertainty in our reputation as a reliable supplier of grains and oilseeds to foreign customers. We believe it is imperative for you to consider adoption of a contingency plan that would ensure an immediate and effective program to continue official services at a port. The lack or disruption of an accepted grain standards and accepted accredited inspection procedure will cause chaotic marketing conditions, and will financially negatively impact farmers, local business, and consumers.    Disruption of official grading and inspection services can have an impact on the timing of purchases and the delivery of sales, and jeopardize marketing agreements and arrangements that have often taken years to put in place. We must have contingency procedures ready so that disruptions of any kind will not negatively impact the viability of hard-won contracts.    Again, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. Farm Bureau supports reauthorization of the Act, in addition to the Federal organizations I mentioned earlier, with the addition of a contingency plan. We also support the continuation of the Grain Inspection Advisory Committee. For all of our grain farmers and our industry sector partners, we appreciate the important work you do as Representatives of our country. Thank you.    Mr. Friant.--follow up at a later time.    The Chairman. Okay. Mr. Winkles, when Washington State withdrew its inspectors and USDA failed to fill in, my understanding is that South Carolina Department of Agriculture offered to help but they were met with some resistance. Do you have a sense of what prevented South Carolina from stepping in to help maintain inspections?    Mr. Winkles. Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, I do not. I am very well aware of the services provided by the South Carolina Department of Agriculture because they were the designated officials in South Carolina when we had our export facility in Charleston. We had a very close working relationship with them, but I am not aware of the exact circumstances of why they were not allowed to fill in.    The Chairman. Would you support a change in the law that would authorize state agencies, either delegated or designated under the Act, to step in in the event USDA was unable to fulfill their inspection obligations?    Mr. Winkles. Yes.    The Chairman. You would, all right.    Let me go back to Mr. Friant. In your testimony, you mentioned that farm, commodity, and agribusiness organizations urged the Secretary of Agriculture to take action on the inspection service disruptions. We all know how the Secretary responded, but was the issue ever addressed by the GIPSA Advisory Committee, whose mission it is to provide advice to the GIPSA Administrator with respect to GSA implementation?    Mr. Winkles. We have a very, very good relationship. As I mentioned earlier, we work very closely with South Carolina Department of Agriculture, the grain inspectors that were sanctioned by FGIS. Frankly, we would not have been able to operate the facility without that assistance provided by those grain inspectors.    Mr. Winkles. Absolutely. It is working fine. Granted, we all know that technologies have changed, but the world standards are number 2 yellow corn, number 2 soybeans. So the system is working, and we have to have a standard.    As I have noted, my personal experience, I have been able to participate in some foreign ag service trips to Asia. Our Asia friends tend to have a unique negotiating perspective, and it really is important to be able to have that standard to say this is what you purchased, and this is what it is guaranteed to be.    Mr. Winkles. Well, thank you, Mr. Allen. One thing it does is it creates uncertainty, and that always has a negative impact on business----    Mr. Winkles. We need to be very careful so that we make sure that we have contingencies in place so that we don't disrupt the flow of grain.    The grain trade is very interesting, very interesting business model. When you have grain exporters who, very often, the destination may change once it leaves its port, headed to its destination, the destination may very well change relative to their overall movement. So again, that is why it is so important that we have standards in place, and that the grain trade has the flexibility to be able to continue to operate that way.    Mr. Cox.--that 1 is a very reasonable price to be paid. And we believe----    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Okay.    Mr. Cox.--that the grain inspectors have done a very, very good job. Again, the comment has been made, there was one incident from the last 80 years, and it appears that bipartisan support, you are trying very hard to deal----    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Okay.    Mr. Cox.--with those type of incidents.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. And to the panel, I want to ask this question. I am aware that the bulk of the U.S. Grain Standards Act of 1916 is permanently authorized, but there are a few provisions that are not: first, the authority to pay for the FGIS's operation, and improvements to the inspection procedures would expire; second, the collection of fees for certain supervisory inspections and weighing namely for the state agencies to conduct export inspections would be halted; third, the Grain Inspection Advisory Committee, GIAC, which serves as the stakeholder link between the FGIS and the agriculture industry, would lose authorization; and fourth, a 30 percent cap on administrative and supervisory costs relative to the total cost for inspection, services would be lifted.    What I wanted to get, if you all could expand on these non-permanent provisions, and how you think the industry would be affected if we did not have legislation reauthorized by September 30.    Mr. Winkles. Let me start, Mr. Scott. As you know, I addressed in my testimony the fact that we really feel it is important to have this advisory committee reauthorized. We also feel it is very important to have the user fees reauthorized.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes.    Mr. Winkles. We understand in this time of tight government budgets, at the national level as well as the state level, that the users be required to pay for these services. They are very reasonable, as has been mentioned before, so we strongly support that these provisions, that will expire, be reinstated----    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Good.    Mr. Winkles. Thank you, and that is an interesting question. Today, we do things in a variety of ways, and I will point to the container shipment. Right now, we are exporting about 50 percent of the South Carolina soybean crop in containers. That is a big change in the system. Frankly, I never believed that would happen, but it has. The buyers are much more in touch. Consumers want to be more in touch with people who grew the grain. That is going to create challenges for the entire system. It certainly creates challenges here at home. But we see buyers--I have visited with feed compounders in Europe before. Cost is on everyone's mind. So as we move along, we will have to be cognizant of new technologies as they develop, new methods of shipment, buyer expectations, all these things will have to be considered, but from a specific thing or specific items, I don't think I could add any, but it just very interesting how the market has changed over time.    Mr. Winkles. Absolutely. The base operation needs to be continued. Many of these items that I was talking about to expand export trade are very much specialty items, and they require special treatment, special handling, identity preservation, if you will, but the standard is still the most important thing. I hate to guess, but I would say that is probably 90, 95 percent of the trade. So that is key. We can add and increase value, but the base is still there, and we have to maintain those standards and inspection for that huge, major percentage.