    Dr. Wilshusen. Chairman Comstock, Chairman Loudermilk, Ranking Members Lipinski and Beyer, and Members of the Subcommittees, thank you for the opportunity to testify at today's hearing.    The recent OPM data breaches affected millions of federal employees. However, OPM is by no means the only agency to suffer data breaches or face challenges securing its computer systems and information. The number of information security incidents both cyber and non-cyber reported by federal agencies continues to rise, increasing from about 5,500 in fiscal year 2006 to over 67,000 in fiscal year 2014. Similarly, the number of incidents involving personally identifiable information more than doubled in recent years to over 27,000 in fiscal year 2014. These incidents illustrate the need for stronger information security controls across the federal government.    Today, I will discuss several cyber threats to federal systems, cybersecurity challenges facing federal agencies, and governmentwide initiatives aimed at improving cybersecurity.    Before I begin, if I may, I'd like to recognize members of my team who are instrumental in developing my statement and some of the work underpinning it. With me today is Larry Crosland, an Assistant Director who led this body of work. I also want to recognize Brad Becker, Lee McCracken, Chris Businsky, Scott Pettis, who also made significant contributions.    Madam Chairwoman, Mr. Chairman, the federal government faces an array of cyber-based threats to its computer networks and systems. These threats include both targeted and untargeted attacks from a variety of sources, including criminal groups, hackers, disgruntled insiders, and foreign nations. These sources vary in terms of their capabilities, willingness to act, and motives, which can include seeking monetary gain or pursuing an economic, political, or economic advantage.    In the grip of these threats, most federal agencies face challenges securing their systems and networks. Agencies continue to have shortcomings in assessing risks, developing and implementing security controls, and monitoring results. For example, 19 of 24 agencies covered by the Chief Financial Officers Act reported that information security weaknesses were either significant deficiency or material weakness for financial reporting purposes. And the Inspectors General at 23 of these agencies cited information security as a major management challenge for their agency.    Agencies also need to provide better oversight of the security their contractor operator systems. Five of six agencies we reviewed did not consistently assess their contractors' information security practices and controls, resulting in security lapses.    Even with effective controls, security incidents and data breaches can still occur. Agencies need to react swiftly and appropriately when they do. However, seven agencies we reviewed had not consistently implemented key operational practices for responding to data breaches involving personal information. GAO and agency IGs have made hundreds of recommendations to assist agencies in addressing these and other challenges. Implementing these recommendations will help strengthen agencies' ability to protect their systems and information.    DHS and the Office of Management and Budget have also launched several governmentwide initiatives to enhance cybersecurity. One such initiative is requiring stronger authentication of users through the use of personal identity verification, or PIV cards. However, OMB recently reported that only 41 percent of agency user accounts at 23 civilian agencies required PIV cards for accessing agency system's.    Another initiative, the National Cybersecurity Protection System is intended to detect and prevent malicious network traffic from entering federal civilian networks. GAO is presently reviewing the implementation of this system. Our preliminary observations indicate that the systems intrusion detection and prevention capabilities may be useful but are also limited.    While governmentwide initiatives hold promise for bolstering the federal cybersecurity posture, no single technology or set of practices is sufficient to protect against all cyber threats. A multilayered defense in-depth strategy that includes well-trained personnel, effective and consistently applied processes, and appropriate technologies is needed to better manage cyber risks.    This concludes my oral statement. I'd be happy to answer your questions.    Dr. Wilshusen. Sure. I'll start it off. First of all, individuals who believe their information may have been compromised or been notified that it has been should certainly check their credit reports to see if there have been any new credit accounts or charges that they're unaware of that may have cropped up, and certainly that's probably one of the basic things that individuals should do. They should also know that they are entitled to receive a free credit report from each of the three credit reporting agencies on an annual basis and that's something that one should do on a regular basis annually is to check each--credit reports from each of those organizations.    Indeed, if they do receive the letter, as I have, is to also check to see about subscribing to the service that OPM is offering through their contractor because they, too, will provide--or supposed to provide anyway--some surveillance on the part of the individual.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay.    Dr. Wilshusen. Yeah, I would agree to same extent that both of the other witnesses mentioned, but I would also just like to point out that under law both under the FISMA 2002 and FISMA 2014 it is clearly the responsibility of the head of each agency to implement the appropriate information security protections to reduce the risk and magnitude of harm that could occur should information or information systems be compromised through unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification, destruction, and disruption. And so clearly in terms of responsibility it's the head of agencies--each agency head to make that happen.    Dr. Wilshusen. Well, I would just say first that I think Congress did--went quite a distance in terms of modernizing FISMA to include clarifying their roles and responsibilities for information security across the federal government, particularly with assigning responsibilities to the Department of Homeland Security, who has now responsibility for assisting and overseeing to an extent implementation security controls at the federal agencies.    It also recognizes the need for new types of security controls and procedures to be put in place such as continuous monitoring, continuous diagnostics and mitigation, which is another type of control set that, if effectively implemented, could assist agencies in better protecting their systems, identifying their risk, and addressing the key vulnerabilities first.    Dr. Wilshusen. I think it's vitally important because in that it helps the agencies to identify not only the privacy risks associated with that particular system but also alternatives and the controls that should be in place to better protect and help protect that information.    Dr. Wilshusen. And we recommended--we also noted that not only had CMS not effectively implemented--or designed a policy impact assessment for MIDAS but for other systems connected with HealthCare.gov.    Dr. Wilshusen. We just received information from--we actually made a recommendation that in their Privacy Impact Assessment that they assess these privacy risks and today we believe that recommendation is still open----    Dr. Wilshusen. --and not fully implemented by----    Dr. Wilshusen. Well, we believe they should do that, yes.    Dr. Wilshusen. It was known that initially the CMS officials indicated that personally identifiable information may not be stored and it--but then they acknowledged that it would be and it was because of that acknowledgement that personally identifiable information would be stored in MIDAS, that the need for assessing those privacy risks is important as part of a Privacy Impact Assessment.    Dr. Wilshusen. Right. Any new development or system should have a Privacy Impact Assessment if personally identifiable information is going to be collected, stored, or disseminated through that system.    Dr. Wilshusen. I would say that that is normal for agencies to store personally identifiable information, some of which may be obtained through a website, but we--I have not looked at that specifically with regard to collection of information through websites.    Dr. Wilshusen. I would say both----    Dr. Wilshusen. --because certainly there's an inherent risk to agency systems because of the evolving threats and just the complexity of the systems that agencies develop and operate because many--much of the software that agencies use have vulnerabilities in it, some discovered, some undiscovered. But at the same time it's incumbent upon federal agencies to implement the appropriate security controls to mitigate those risks to--at a cost-effective and acceptable level. And we found that agencies have not consistently implemented agencywide information security programs to mitigate that risk effectively.    Dr. Wilshusen. In some cases it might be but it's also in other cases I believe it's just to the fact that there are a number of actions that agencies just haven't really taken that they need to take such as installing patches on a timely manner and assuring that known vulnerabilities are ameliorated in a timely manner.    Dr. Wilshusen. Accountable or responsible? You know, I have to say in terms of at least for federal agencies, the agency head is responsible for implementing effective security controls and that's under law under FISMA. At the same time in terms of accountable that's harder to measure because to my knowledge it's difficult to see what accountability mechanisms are in place to assure that individuals are effectively securing systems. That could be done through personnel performance expectations, but in terms of individuals being held to account for that is somewhat uncertain.    Dr. Wilshusen. D.    Dr. Wilshusen. I'll go with D because in many respects there are improvements within federal information security and some of the initiatives but it's getting to the effective implementation of those security controls and the--some of the initiatives. Over time, consistently, that's been proved challenging.    Dr. Wilshusen. Close enough. It's Wilshusen.    Dr. Wilshusen. And I would agree with both what Dr. Romine and Mr. Esser said. One thing that comes to mind, too, is based on what's been reported by the Office of Management and Budget as it relates to OPM is that, as of the end of fiscal year 2014, OPM had only implemented the use of personal identity verification cards or strong authentication for one percent of its user accounts. My understanding is that they're making progress now to improve that but certainly having strong authentication, using multifactor authentication for user accounts would be one area that it seems that OPM could improve on and may be working on that now.    Dr. Wilshusen. Well, I think certainly improving the cybersecurity understanding and awareness on the part of the public at large, which I believe you're referring to, as well as with the federal workforce, is going to be very important to address these cyber threats that consistently evolve and are becoming more sophisticated over time. And certainly having an awareness of that and what types of controls and activities one should engage in and should not engage in should be certainly on the minds and--of everyone because each individual potentially could be the weak link in--which results in some sort of a computer compromise.    Dr. Wilshusen. I guess it depends on what they're doing with their hacking. You know, if they're so-called white hackers, you know, but in terms of--it's good to know how hackers and particularly those individuals with malicious intent----    Dr. Wilshusen. --operate, what types of tools they use, how--their modus operandi if you will in order to understand how to protect against them. And so it's important to know that and certainly one of the things that information security professionals do is penetration testing and to see whether or not any organization's information security controls are effective in keeping out hackers who may use similar type of techniques.    Dr. Wilshusen. I would say one is addressing patches or installing critical patches and remediating known vulnerabilities. U.S. CERT recently came out with a technical alert that said if you address these top 30 targeted vulnerabilities, that would address up to 85 percent of the targeted vulnerabilities that are currently being used. The other thing would be improved detection and prevention capabilities because regardless of how well you protect your systems, it's likely you still may be subject to attack from unknown vulnerabilities.    Dr. Wilshusen. Well, one of the responses--and I can't necessarily speak specifically to OPM, but more broadly speaking, as you may know, the federal CIO issued an initiative or a proclamation known as the 30-day Cybersecurity Sprint, and indeed, you know, to the extent that that 30-day sprint raises awareness and invigorates activity towards addressing these basic security requirements included in the sprint such as installing critical patches, assuring deploying multifactor authentication, and other--resolving known vulnerabilities, that's important. And to the extent that that gets done, that's a positive.    But where it may become detrimental if after this 30 days, which expires on Sunday, by the way, that the agencies and the federal government relaxes and thinks, okay, we've accomplished our goal, I think that's a mistake because cybersecurity and implementing effective security is not a sprint; it's a marathon. And it's something that needs to be going on a continuous basis. And the fact of just going back to--possibly going back to the status quo, which only led to the conditions that resulted in the need for a 30-day sprint.    So I would say it raised awareness. Agencies may be taking actions to improve their security, but that needs to continue in perpetuity.    Dr. Wilshusen. In some cases I have no choice because my information is at other agencies through security clearances and the like and through our tax systems and issuing tax returns, and so, yes, I do entrust personal information to agencies and that's why it's important and incumbent upon those agencies to adequately protect information that the American taxpayers, the American public entrust to it.    Dr. Wilshusen. Well, in terms of the like number of individuals affected by this breach--    Dr. Wilshusen. --it's among the top. You know, a few years ago back I think in 2005, 2006 there was a data breach at the Department of Veterans Affairs in which the hard drive was stolen from an employee's--from their home but that contained the personally identifiable information of 26, 27 million veterans and current service members. But that hard drive was ultimately found and determined not to have been--the information was determined not to have been disclosed. So that--this particular breach ranks right up near the top I would say.    Dr. Wilshusen. I'll take first stab if you don't mind.    Well, one is an initiative that's already underway within the Department of Homeland Security as it relates to continuous diagnostics and mitigation, the extent to which DHS is providing tools that are available for agencies to implement this capability. Our work at the Department of State before this initiative was established showed that there are benefits to monitoring the security posture of an organization on a continuous basis, but there are also a number of challenges associated with that, some technological, some management and operational.    But certainly that's one area that can be done and indeed Congress in the passage of the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014 recognized the need for continuous monitoring and identified that as one of the areas that agencies should be focusing on in securing their systems. And so that's one part of it.    But you're right, I totally agree. The need for assessing and monitoring the effectiveness of security controls needs to be done on a continuous monitoring basis because threats change every day, the computing environment changes is very dynamic, and new vulnerabilities are being identified each time.    Dr. Wilshusen. I wholeheartedly agree. The oversight of contractors and their information security practices over systems that they operate on behalf of the federal government or operate to process information on behalf of the federal government is really critical to assure that--agencies need to assure that that information is being adequately protected. And that requires that they go in and assess or have an independent assessor evaluate the security controls and assure that they're being operated effectively and efficiently and that indeed the requirements for information security are expressed to the contractor either through contractual instruments or other mechanisms to assure that they know what is required to help protect those systems.    And another point you raised in terms of--was the stolen user credentials that might have been used to help promote or facilitate the attack on OPM, one of the things that could help there is having multifactor authentication, which would help to either prevent or at least raise the bar significantly for that attacker to be able to use compromised credentials. And that wasn't in place in all places throughout OPM.    Dr. Wilshusen. I guess I'm not familiar with that particular situation so I don't know if I can really comment to that, so----    Dr. Wilshusen. I think it's important that agencies understand who has access to their systems and are accessing their systems and that kind of gets back to the identity management area that we--the panel spoke about earlier. So that certainly is one specific point to that.    Dr. Wilshusen. You know, broadly speaking, not just talking to OPM but across the federal government, many of the security control deficiencies and weaknesses that we identified during our audits are more of an information security management process more than a lack of resources in terms of implementing effectively and consistently across an agency its own defined and developed policies and procedures.    For example, one basic control is just installing patches on a timely manner, particularly those that have been rated as critical. Agencies often have policies that state they need to be installed within a certain period of time, usually within a week or a couple weeks, but we find that sometimes those patches are not being installed for months and sometimes over years. So, in part it's a management issue to make sure that these key security control issues and controls are being effectively implemented.    There are also resource implications as well. In some cases it may be important for agencies to implement new technologies or tools, particularly with respect to installing intrusion detection capabilities within their networks to identify those types of vulnerabilities or cyber attacks or intrusions that do inevitably occur.