    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the chairman. And I wish that Mr. Lynch had stuck around for just a few minutes because he said something, and I thought Mr. Brainard handled it very well, but I will go back just for the record and say I think Mr. Lynch mentioned at the end that the airlines were just interested in moving product, moving people through the room. And I think, Mr. Brainard, you handled that extraordinarily well.    I think that is unfair. I know some folks who work there and their families fly, their friends fly, and they care just as much about safety as we do. It is probably just as inaccurate to say that the airlines only care about moving product as it would be to say that all you care about is safety and that you don't care about the folks who have to stand in line and how long they do.    In fact, I look forward to a longer conversation with Mr. Lynch at another time as to who cares less about people, a corporation or a bureaucracy. My guess is they are probably tied.    But I want to get back to the purpose of the hearing, which is to talk a little bit about the way that the employees are treated. And I just have to ask, and I don't know the answer to this question, is anybody familiar with the circumstance that happened at Charleston, South Carolina, with a Ms. Kimberly Barnett? Does that name ring a bell for anybody?    Mr. Mulvaney. Just an example of exactly what we have talked about here today. She complained about her supervisor falsifying records in her area. Her area dealt with the K-9 use of the dog. And then she went to the OSC, which is where she was supposed to go, and made the complaint in June of 2014. And by November of 2014 she was fired. She was fired over a completely different allegation regarding using inappropriate language when her car got struck by a bus.    So I wanted to mention her because it is more than just you gentlemen. We have heard your stories, but I think everybody from every one of our districts could bring some of these stories in.    But let's talk about how to fix it and if it can be fixed because, Mr. Livingston, I think you hit the nail on the head which is your exact language was accountable leadership, which I agree with. Can you name for me a Federal agency that has that?    Mr. Mulvaney. And they may have. All I can tell you is maybe it is just a function of what we do in this committee, but since we see the bad stuff all the time, we can tell you that again and again and again we can bring in examples of leadership breaking down, leadership not being accountable of folks not being able to fire people. You could have a hearing here every single day on how poorly the VA is run for the very same reasons.    You mentioned one of the challenges that the agency faces is personnel.    Mr. Mulvaney. And then I think you said that it was staffing and that it was money, but I feel it is incumbent upon me to point out that we haven't cut your budgets. Your budgets have been fairly flat for the last couple of years. So when you tell me that every day this summer is going to be like the day after Thanksgiving is, why is that? It can't just be money. In fact, it can't be money because we really haven't changed the money that much. And I will give both you ----    Mr. Mulvaney.--a chance to answer that.    Mr. Livingston.--we are in a perpetual human resource model where we are always recruiting and losing people. We don't have a sustainable model where we recruit and retain and promote the best workforce. If you don't sustain top quality people, then you're not going to get the best workforce. If we're always recruiting because we're always losing, you're not going to get the best people. If you don't take care of the people that you hire, they're not going to stay. If you don't take care of the people that you hire and get them into a career development, leadership program and if you don't take your best people and groom them for bigger, better positions, if you don't send them to the top level schools and if you don't invest in them and if you don't make people feel important and if you don't make people feel like you care about them, they're not going to stay no matter where they are.    Mr. Mulvaney. I tend to agree with that. In fact, I agree with that wholeheartedly. In fact, anybody here who has ever had to hire or fire people or run an organization, public or private, probably agrees with that statement.    Mr. Mulvaney. I absolutely agree, which leads me to my real question here. Why are we doing this? You have just described the same challenge that a private entity has in running its operation. You have described some of the same frustrations that we have with so many bureaucracies. The stories that you guys have told about whistleblowers getting fired, about not being able to deal with mal-performing employees, about unaccountable leadership, we hear that in here every single day from every single agency that we bring in.    So my question is why are we doing this? Why wouldn't it be better to let private services serve this function? Why are we doing this? Can you defend the agency as to why the Federal Government needs to be doing this? Because it strikes me that if you all were contractors--because we have had contractors come in here before, Mr. Chairman, and there is always the threat hanging over a contractor which is we just fire him, we don't renew the contract. We don't have that with the TSA.    So I guess I ask you to defend the Federal role here. Why are we doing this as a Federal Government as opposed to letting the private sector serve this need? Mr. Rhoades?    Mr. Mulvaney. Sure.    Mr. Mulvaney. And if a private sector company came to us with a 90 percent failure rate, we would fire them and replace them with somebody else.    Mr. Mulvaney. And maybe my frustration--I will cut you off, Mr. Brainard, because I am over time and I don't want to take away from Mr. Grothman, but that frustration is embodied in experience in this committee every single day.    Mr. Mulvaney. So thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the indulgence.