    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman. Thank you for being here.    And my question, actually, kind of focuses on veterans as well. And to Ms. Jeffrey, in your second fiscal year 2014 semiannual report to Congress you detail an investigation in which you determine a grantee was supposed to use grant funds to support veterans and military families, improperly disbursed about 140,000 of Federal funds and improperly certified another 61,000 education awards. The grantee acknowledged the findings and offered to refund the corporation the entire amount you recommended. Unconscionably, the corporation not only requested reimbursement for only about a third of the funds you recommended, but the corporation retroactively expanded the range of service activities of the grant in order to justify the move. Is there any justification for the corporation to retroactively approve over 12,000 National Service hours under this grant to non-veterans fundamentally changing the purpose of AmeriCorps' member service?    Mr. Guthrie. Yeah, well, what reforms are possible when the corporation does not want to have the inclination to move forward in that? What kind of reforms can you have if the corporation changes the scope?    Mr. Guthrie. Okay, well, thank you. So, Ms. Spencer, on that, what are the steps to terminate a grant for failure to comply with the Federal law or the conditions of the grant?    Mr. Guthrie. Absolutely.    Mr. Guthrie. Uh-huh.    Ms. Spencer.--but when they do not and after we have really tried--and I have been in a position to have to terminate grants from Florida when I was there directly managing about 45 AmeriCorps grants on behalf of the governor, of three different governors in Florida. It's a tough decision. It is not always popular. But we are not in the popularity business. We are in the outcome business. And we chase problems and we have solutions for those.    And so, I just say this--    Mr. Guthrie. And in your audit, so some of them you said were mutual because I am about out of time.    Mr. Guthrie. Mutual, but if they were not mutual and you have had the audit and you say, hey, this is not--what do you actually have to--    Mr. Guthrie. What process do you have to follow to--    Ms. Spencer.--without looking at a list, and I could certainly provide that of these 52 mutually agreed terminations, that's a good way to end it--    Mr. Guthrie. Uh-huh.    Ms. Spencer.--but I am probably certain that if it was not mutually agreed it would have been terminated. That's the best way to end a relationship, but--and sometimes grants find out they just are not suitable to manage a Federal grant. We do have a lot of requirements, as we should. It is the taxpayers' money.    Mr. Guthrie. I think that was the case on the matter of this situation. They said we thought we were going to have a more bigger group of veterans to serve. We didn't. Therefore, we diverted to try to do some other things and admitted--I do not think it was intentional to begin with, but it became that.     Mr. Guthrie. Right.    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you and I am out of time. I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. The gentlemen's time has expired. Ms. Davis, you are recognized for 5 minutes.