    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, thank you for taking the time to meet with us today and answer our questions. As you know, the administration has recognized the potential that shared services could be very beneficial for Federal agencies, both in terms of saving money, but also efficient delivery of services. I have seen this first hand in the private sector as well as in the public sector. I would like to agree that shared service is the way to go.    I notice that the budget supports it also with $45 million for a shared service initiative, and that Commerce has actually put out an RFP as well. Could you elaborate on your efforts, and what phase are you now? You got certain sites geographically in mind? And just tell me more about it.    Mr. Palazzo. I think it is a great idea.    Mr. Palazzo. Well, I am glad that you are consulting with other Federal agencies. I think there is a best practice out there for everything, and going and recreating the wheel, or having to struggle through, you know, alone is not necessary, because--and so I am happy to see that you are working with NASA. Because, I think, the same could be said for data consolidation.    It seems like, you know, everybody is talking about data consolidation and--but there is actually Federal agencies that have done it, and have done it well, and I wish these other agencies would look to them for their best practices, and government sharing it across the board. But I do look forward to maybe hearing more from your office if you could provide someone to come brief me.    Mr. Palazzo. I would like that.    Mr. Palazzo. Well, thank you. Also, you are the voice of businesses in the United States. What is--and I read your bio and your introduction, and so you have talked to a lot of businesses, large and I am assuming small as well, every category--what do they want out of this administration? What do they want to see Congress do? And I am from the private sector, I talk to a lot of businesses as well in my district, and I know what they are telling me, I am wondering what they are telling you, and what you are telling the administration.    Mr. Palazzo. What about certainty and stability? You know, as a CPA, I like to be able to plan if I am going to make a capital investment or hire additional employees. And what I am hearing is that in this environment, people, they just can't do it, and it may be partly Congress, partly the administration. And, in addition, they are looking for tax relief and regulatory relief. Surely, you are hearing those themes as well.    Mr. Palazzo. Madam Secretary, thank you. I know my time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Palazzo. Sure. You know, I am here, I have got a chance to ask you another question, I will take it.    You mentioned in your testimony building a weather-ready nation and you mentioned of course NOAA National Weather Service. And we have in my district a specific interest with the National Data Buoy Center, which is extremely important to help calculate natural disasters and patterns in our oceans. Can you expand?    I mean, right now I am getting all kind of weather alerts back home, tornado watches and stuff like that. So it is on my mind. Maybe a little bit more about what it means to build a weather-ready nation.    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you.    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. General, it is great to see you again.    General Bolden. Good to see you, Marine.    Mr. Palazzo. You tried to get rid of me but you could not. I just went from one committee to the other.    General Bolden. Sure.    Mr. Palazzo. I just wish we could have gotten the 2015 authorization taken care of. But----    General Bolden. That would have been nice.    Mr. Palazzo. We did. The House did its business. The Senate, of course, was absent. We will just leave it at that. But anyway, it has been a great pleasure working with you to help NASA create a roadmap and rein in their focus so that we could pursue the mission to Mars and direct our resources and our energies towards that. As you shared with my previous committee and with this committee, that, you know, maintaining America's leadership in space is a priority of yours as it is ours and the chairman's. And we all look forward to the day where we are launching American astronauts on American rockets from American soil. And so we are excited. And you referenced the students in here. I think they are going to be very excited just following the mission for us to get there.    But I would like to start off with a question and it is in regard to--well, let us just say you know NASA is the only Federal agency tasked with space exploration. Is there any other Federal agency tasked with that mission in its charter?    General Bolden. Human space exploration, none. DOD does a little bit of space exploration and----    Mr. Palazzo. For other purposes.    General Bolden . For other purposes.    Mr. Palazzo. Right, civilian purposes.    General Bolden. We are the primary, we are the civil, the only civil agency tasked with space exploration.    Mr. Palazzo. And of course it is important that we focus on commercial crew and cargos. You have testified today and previously that it frees NASA up to focus on the exciting stuff of deep space exploration. And I understand that. But yet every time we look at a budget I see the earth sciences budget increasing and I see the space exploration budget decreasing for NASA. And of course it is Congress that comes in and helps plus up the space exploration budget. So when there are 13 other Federal agencies tasked with climate science, do you think it is the best use of NASA's money to put into earth sciences? Or would it be better to focus on, you know, commercial crew, cargo, and deep space exploration?    General Bolden. Mr. Palazzo, one of our charges in the original NASA Space Act of 1958 is to take care of the Earth. And so it has always been a responsibility of ours to provide cutting edge technology that can be used by other agencies. We do not do weather. You know, we do not do global warming. We just do data. And as I mentioned before, for 43 years we have produced every successful Landsat satellite that has been used by the U.S. Geological Survey. We produce the satellite, check it out, and give it to them. And then we do not do anything after that. So it is our responsibility to the taxpayer to provide that type of cutting edge technology that can answer some of the questions about our changing climate for them.    I do not think it detracts from our ability to explore at all. In fact, it enhances our ability to explore because, you know, the chairman can teach me on this. He knows a lot more about it than I do. We believe we all started from one thing at the time of the big bang. And you know, we want to understand what is happening to Mars. We want to understand what is happening to other planets so that we understand our own planet better. But we do have to understand what I consider to be the most important planet in the world, which is Earth. And that is what NASA does, is----    Mr. Palazzo. And I appreciate that. And that is why, you know, focusing on Mars and other planets would be planetary sciences and not Earth sciences. And I understand, but you know, 13 other Federal agencies are spending billions and billions of dollars. I just wish we could take----    General Bolden. They do not do it as well as we do.    Mr. Palazzo. Well, yes. And I wish we would just take the billions of dollars that we spend on it and put it into deep space exploration.    My next question would be, and then this is just out of curiosity, are there any, are you aware of any nation state that has any possible lunar ambitions, whether going there, I know China recently sent a rover. But are they looking to build any type of capacity possibly on the Moon?    General Bolden. We are hopeful that a number of our partners, our international partners, are hopeful of putting things and people on the surface of the Moon. We are going to spend ten years in cislunar space, operating in the vicinity of the Moon, beginning in 2018 when we launch SLS and Orion. That will be the beginning of, we have this phrase, we call it the Proving Ground. And a lot of people do not like it. But it says very simply we are going to spend the decade of the twenties with humans back in cislunar space. We are not ready to go to Mars yet. And so our hope is that over the period of time we will be able to collaborate with some of our international partners to get them to share the load of getting humans back to the surface of the Moon. Others talk about wanting to do a lander. The European Space Agency talks about a Moon village. It is a concept, but it is a great concept when you talk about it. But we have to lead. And leading does not mean we have to do everything. We have to encourage them, support them, so that they can do it. So there are any number of other nations that have a strong interest in going and doing research on the Moon.    Mr. Palazzo. Right. And I hope those nations are friendly to America.    General Bolden. They are all very friendly.    Mr. Palazzo. The ones we are talking about, right.    General Bolden. The ones we are talking about.    Mr. Palazzo. The ones we are not talking about, I am not so sure.    In 2007 a certain nation state decided out of their infinite wisdom they were going to blow up a satellite in space creating a lot of space debris. I think at last count we try to track 500,000 pieces of space debris that orbit our Earth. How does that affect space travel and how does it affect the assets that are so critical to our day to day lives, the quality of our life, our military, our communications, our banking, our financial, healthcare?    General Bolden. Congressman Palazzo, just like----    Mr. Palazzo. What are we doing about it?    General Bolden. China, you are talking about the ASAT test that China did. While that was intentional, you know, we had two satellites, two commercial satellites that ran into each other and created the same kind of debris that that did. Anything where two bodies come together in space and collide, whether it is intentional or otherwise, is bad for low Earth orbit. We are trying to work with a number of our international partners on what we call mitigation of orbital debris. That means that when we build a satellite it has to have enough fuel that it will not orbit after it is finished with its lifetime. It will not just stay down there in low Earth orbit and become a target for something. It will either be purposefully deorbited into the ocean and destruct or we will move it into a higher orbit where it will stay for hundreds of years and be out of the way of everybody.    What we are not working on, because DOD, the intelligence agency, NASA, all understand the critical need for coming up with a means to do orbital debris removal. No one today has an active program in orbital debris removal, although some of our international partners would like to do that. That is what they want to focus on. So we have got to do more.    Mr. Palazzo. Could you real quickly just emphasize the dangers that space debris provides to our Space Station, our space travel, and other very expensive assets in space?    General Bolden. A fleck of paint coming at the right angle toward the International Space Station would be disastrous. That is how, you know, it is a big space so I do not want to panic anybody. The U.S. Air Force out in Colorado Springs, along with us, we track as much as we, we track thousands of particles, pieces of orbital debris. And so every once in a while we have to maneuver the International Space Station in order to avoid that. You are right.    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Administrator.    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    From previous hearings in the authorizing committee, there was some focus on the safety and security of our proprietary information. It seems like laptops were sneaking out of the building, personnel, foreign nationals were carrying information out. And it was addressed, of course. We tried to look into, you know, whether those responsible were actually punished and I won't go into that, you know, hopefully they were. But it seemed to be that if the security managers or if the managers of the facilities are not taking the security seriously, because you scientists want to go do scientific stuff, so it comes down to the managers in HR and I guess others to, you know, actually make sure they are taking this kind of stuff seriously.    Because we worked very hard coming up with this proprietary information and we spend a lot of money to do it and it helps America maintain its competitive edge, the last thing we want it to do is walk out the door. Because, again, we know some nation states out there that just love for us to spend all our money, do all the hard work, and they just want to steal what we come up with to help them then take jobs away from America.    How has the culture changed and have you seen this all the way down to the Center level where our managers are taking this seriously? And, if they are not, why are they still managing these facilities?    General Bolden. Mr. Palazzo, I think, you know, as I said, everything is a long slog. Since when you were on the authorization committee, you may remember that as a result of several incidents we brought in NAPA to do a study on our Foreign National Access Management Program. They gave us 27 recommendations to date, we have closed 22 of those recommendations.    We also got audits from the GAO and the IG, and we have worked on those. We now have a full-fledged Foreign National Access Management Program where the program manager stood up.    NAPA has just finished a revisit, they have come back and done an update visit on our program, and we are working right now with them on their draft to make sure that we understand what the recommendations are going to be. But the preliminary indication is that we will get a good grade, that they are satisfied with the success that we have done in incorporating this.    We have emphasized export control, we have emphasized the need to follow ITAR. We have now an export control manual that is accessible by all members of the NASA family and contractors.    We now have training in our regular training program such that each NASA employee is required to undergo annual training on Foreign National Access Management, on export control.    We have a counter-terrorism, counterintelligence, face-to-face meeting among all of our NASA Center folk, we do that every year. Last year we did it at the Johnson Space Center in November. I went to that meeting. Also present at the meeting were senior officials from the FBI and a number of other intelligence agencies. They presented to us, they presented some of the training.    And going back to the certification of Chinese when we work with them, it is my intention to visit with Director Comey at the FBI to make sure that the certification process that we have in place meets his approval and that, you know, he is happy with the way we are doing it.    So I would say that if you go down to the bottom of the rung, you will find that people, they understand the importance of control of our vital resources and protection of our classified and sensitive information. So I think we have done quite a bit.    Mr. Palazzo. Well, Administrator, I am glad you are taking it a lot more serious. You know, in the private sector, if an employee allows a laptop to walk off with 10,000 of their employees' sensitive information, that employee is likely going to be fired.    And so, I mean, it seems like throughout the Federal government, not just, you know, NASA, but there is not a lot of accountability. And of course when you see agency heads committing all kind of awful stuff, then, you know, it is kind of hard to punish the people down beneath them, but this is important stuff. Proprietary information to allow America to maintain its competitive edge, to maintain our leadership in space, you know, a slap on the wrist. And I am going off on some other agencies. There needs to be some teeth in holding people accountable for what they do.    And, Administrator, I will also mention a very successful 500-second RS-25 flight engine test at Stennis Space Center.    Mr. Chairman, if you have not been to Stennis Space Center, it is an open invitation. I would love to host you for a day and hopefully we can coordinate it around a test. Who knew NASA could make it rain and they do that with some of their engine tests.    And of course the whole committee is invited as well, Mr. Honda.    Mr. Palazzo. I yield back.    Thank you, Mr. Administrator.    General Bolden. Thank you very much.    Mr. Palazzo. Well, Mr. Chairman, real quick. You know, we are talking, you mentioned flat budgets and it is kind of bad that NASA has been stuck on flat budgets. And our facilities directors, and as well as NASA and the administration, have done a good job with the flat budgets that we have given. And that just makes me want to make a few comments.    One, you know, we are $19 trillion in debt as a nation, but I don't think NASA's spending on deep-space exploration and low-earth orbit is what is driving those deficits, nor is our Department of Defense spending, investing in our men and women in uniform so they too can have the tools and training to do their job and come back home to their loved ones, but it is the out-of-control mandatory spending.    And in Congress, I mean, I know that NASA can't fix it, this Administrator can't fix that or others, but the American people should be demanding of Congress that we rein in the out-of-control spending, but we don't even have a vote on it because it is on autopilot, it is mandatory. And it is sad, because it is keeping us from doing the hard things at NASA, the great things, and funding, you know, not only just NASA, but also our military at levels that we need to to secure our nation.    So I hope one day we have that conversation and we can get past it, because we have got to curb the $19 trillion or we won't be having too many fun discussions on funding NASA's future ambitions. There won't be a Mars trip, there won't be a back-to-the-moon, there won't be America's leadership in space. We will be challenged and we don't know how we will come out if we don't fix our national debt.    And if we start today, then it is achievable. If we keep kicking the can down the road until tomorrow, it just gets harder and harder and harder.    So that was just more of a comment than anything, because that is something that is always, you know, keeping many of us up at night.    And again, Administrator, we appreciate your career in the United States Marine Corps, as well as at NASA.    General Bolden. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you.    General Bolden. Semper Fi.    Mr. Palazzo. Semper Fi.