    Mr. Gair. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Representative Payne. My name is Brad Gair. I am currently vice president of emergency management and enterprise resilience at NYU Langone Medical Center. After Hurricane Sandy, I was the director of Housing Recovery Operations in the Mayor's Office, and also coordinated the city's multi-billion-dollar FEMA recovery program. Previously I served as deputy commissioner with the New York City Office of Emergency Management and as a FEMA Federal coordinating officer, during which time I worked on numerous large-scale disasters, including serving as the Federal Recovery Officer in New York City after 9/11 and in Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina.    I am grateful for this opportunity to address the subcommittee today. Based upon more than 2 decades of experience in the business of disaster recovery and resilience, I offer the following four points for your consideration.    No. 1. We need a National dialog to agree upon recovery values. As citizens of a caring Nation, we have a natural inclination to want to help and assist our neighbors after the devastating losses that accompany large-scale disasters. Unfortunately, we have yet to agree at the National level upon how much we should do to aid disaster survivors. As a result, we have created a series of programs that, in the end, serve neither the taxpayers nor those families who may have lost everything. Every time a major disaster occurs in this country, the same unanswered questions plague recovery efforts: How much help is fair and reasonable? Should the taxpayers across the Nation share this burden? Who is responsible for getting families back into their homes? Why not require insurance? How much should we invest in making communities more disaster-resilient, and are there areas where we should not build back at all? The answers to these questions and many similar ones depend upon whom you ask.    FEMA's mantra is: ``We are not here to make you whole.'' Does that represent the collective wisdom of our Federal agencies and our Nation's lawmakers, or is it simply a rationale for inadequate programs that have filled a vacuum created by a lack of consensus, unclear guidance, and muddled authorities? Until we agree upon the basic parameters of post-disaster assistance grounded in consideration of these types of issues, even the best-conceived programs would fail to meet the expectations of the Government, the disaster survivors, and the American people.    No. 2. Existing recovery programs and resilience programs are poorly structured and badly implemented. The Federal Government often speaks of the sequence of delivery and disaster assistance as if there is a coherent plan behind it all when in reality it is a series of patchwork programs that, more than anything else, confuse, frustrate, and demoralize both those in need of aid and those trying to provide it. Our existing recovery programs do not work for the majority of families impacted by disasters, not individually and not collectively.    The National Flood Insurance Program is broken, possibly beyond repair. FEMA's cap on assistance to families at barely $30,000 makes little economic sense. Asking families to take on new debt through Small Business Administration loans is always a hard sell to those who have already lost so much. Charitable organizations trying to fill the gap without sufficient data on the needs and very little coordination with Government agencies end up wasting millions of donated dollars, and the HUD CBDG program, when authorized, is expected to be the magic bullet, and instead ends up being just another self-inflicted wound for the Federal Government.    From the Road Home program in post-Hurricane Katrina Louisiana, to Build-It-Back in post-Sandy New York City, HUD CBDG programs have generally been categorical failures in supporting timely and effective housing recovery. Once Congress authorizes the funds, the process for getting these funds from the Federal Treasury to those in need is unacceptably long, inexplicably convoluted, and inexcusably wasteful. It would be very easy to simply blame bumbling bureaucrats and greedy contractors, and no doubt we must all do better. But the root of the problem is that no State and no local government, regardless of its capability, can successfully create and set up in a few months what amounts to a multi-billion-dollar corporation with hundreds of employees and contractors, numerous store-front locations, a broad-based marketing campaign, and integrated customer service operations while tens of thousands of desperate customers must anxiously wait for help as their hope dwindles.    HUD touts the flexibility of the CDBG-DR, which does indeed give communities considerable latitude in program design, but I would trade much of this flexibility for a pre-approved, off-the-shelf program, complete with reasonable environmental waivers, a unified damage inspection process, unrestricted data sharing across the Government to minimize the paperwork burden on our customers, and a proven electronic case management system that could be quickly and efficiently operationalized. A properly-designed recovery program would be integrated with all other Federal programs to avoid the twin obstacles of excessive bureaucracy and unavoidable duplications of benefits that currently lead to extensive delays and universally bad results.    No. 3. Post-disaster coordination across the Federal agencies is insufficient. In the 10-block stretch along the East River in Manhattan in the area known as Hospital Row, FEMA, HUD, and the VA have individually funded hundreds of millions of dollars of resilience improvements without making any attempt whatsoever to coordinate these critical infrastructure projects at NYU Langone Medical Center, Bellevue Hospital, the VA Hospital and the Rebuild By Design East Coast Resiliency Project, formerly known as the Big U.    Similarly, right here on Staten Island, one Federal agency's funds are being used to buy out homes and convert the land to open space due to the extreme long-term flooding risk, while another Federal agency is designing a seawall that will ultimately provide substantially increased flood protection for this exact same property.    I am not saying that anything has been done wrong in these cases or any other countless similar cases, and at NYU Langone we are extremely grateful for the Federal assistance. The point is that maybe with better coordination, we could have done even more right. As a result, the Federal Government continues to miss opportunities to enhance flood protection, maximize the use of tax dollars, and ensure that investments in resilience are properly integrated.    The challenge is that no single Federal agency has the appropriate authority to directly coordinate these recovery programs in the way that FEMA does during the disaster response process. The second version of the National Disaster Recovery Framework was just issued last month and still does not include any formal mechanisms empowering FEMA or any other Federal agency to oversee and manage across the Federal recovery programs. Until this occurs, each agency will continue to work in isolation, and hundreds of millions of dollars in missed opportunities to leverage Federal funding will continue to accrue.    Fourth and last. We need a comprehensive National resilience strategy. FEMA has 4 different hazard mitigation programs and has devoted billions of dollars to resilience post-Hurricane Sandy. HUD does encourage resilience in its CDBG programs by State and local governments, and separately dedicated $1 billion to the Rebuild By Design resilience competition. The Federal Transit Administration awarded $3 billion of resilience grants to local and State governments, and Army Corps of Engineers received authorization for $4 billion of Hurricane Sandy-related projects.    While this commitment to resilience is commendable, each agency is left to establish its own ideas of what resilience means and how best to achieve it. As a result, there is no coherent overarching National resilience strategy in place to guide our investments.    In the months after Hurricane Sandy, New York City devoted significant time and resources to devising the Special Initiative for Rebuilding and Resiliency to guide recovery based upon locally-derived resilience values. In a completely separate initiative at the Federal level, 23 agencies comprising the Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding Task Force developed a Hurricane Sandy Rebuilding Strategy, including 69 recommendations, many of which were focused on resilience but few of which have been implemented. These initiatives are a good start, but a few months of hard work in the immediate aftermath of a single major hurricane should not be expected to set long-term National policy.    We need the Federal Government, in cooperation with State, Tribal, and local governments, and the private sector, to develop a comprehensive National resilience strategy, establishing clear and measurable resilience objectives, and taking into account the latest scientific evidence, the values that communities hold dear, and everything in between. Furthermore, this Federally-driven resilience strategy must include an implementation plan and be tied directly to Federal funding assistance, or else it will be summarily ignored.    We are all here today for the exact same reason that many similar Congressional committees and subcommittees have been convened in the aftermath of virtually every major disaster over the past several decades: The system is broken, everyone is mad, and billions of dollars continue to be wasted. The Post-Hurricane Katrina Reform Act reformed next to nothing, and the Hurricane Sandy Improvement Act improved far too little. Now let's try something different. Let's start over, decide who and how much we want to help, establish a comprehensive policy for disaster resilience and recovery, devise an implementation strategy, build an integrated set of programs that get the job done, and empower our hard-working public servants to lead genuine, sustainable, cost-effective efforts that restore communities and support families in their time of need.    Thank you very much, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Gair. I am not sure you need another layer of bureaucracy, Mr. Chairman. This is FEMA's job. FEMA's job is to coordinate, and it is just hit or miss sometimes. They get very caught up in delivering their standard programs, which require a lot of effort and have a lot of money involved. But the coordination of those is just as important, and it is missing out. They are very good at giving individual grants to Bellevue Hospital or to NYU Langone, and they may have completely different project officers working on those, but they are not talking together. They are not stepping back and saying is it better for Bellevue to build a wall around themselves and VA to build a wall around themselves and Langone to build a wall around themselves, or can we build a wall that might be more cost-effective and more effective by talking to everybody?    Coordination doesn't make things harder, it makes it easier. You just have to make it a central part of what you do and not an afterthought.    Mr. Gair. Mr. Payne, the challenge is that all the same resources are available in low-income communities as everywhere else, and what we need to do is make more of an effort to penetrate into those communities. A lot of times the communications are not as easy, the languages may be different than English, and while information is put out in many languages, we really don't make that extra effort to get out to the communities to make sure that people understand the opportunities and then use the funds to try and make things better.    The HUD CDBG-DR program springs from the HUD CDBG program, which is for low- and moderate-income families. So we need to take those funds and look for opportunities not just to fix those things that were damaged by the hurricane but to find ways to make those communities more resilient as a whole. There is tremendous flexibility there, and I don't think it gets used as much as it could in the low-income areas.    Mr. Gair. I think I would just like to reiterate the fact that the real challenge here is that everybody is trying to do the right things. The Federal agencies have programs. They are trying to deliver the aid. The cities are trying to take the rules and use the rules and make them work. The voluntary agencies are trying to fill the gaps. The private sector is standing ready. But we are not putting it all together, and I think that is because we don't have all the right programs tied together the way that they should be, so we end up with people not getting the help that they need.    So we really have to work on that piece of it. After 9/11, when I was the Federal recovery officer and people said, well, the FEMA acts really were designed for natural disasters, and this is an act of terror, so what are we going to do in New York and New Jersey? Do we need a new FEMA Stafford Act just for that? As we looked at it, the answer is it is all there. It is all there in the Stafford Act because it is so flexible. Basically, the President can direct agencies to do whatever needs to be done to get places back to where they were. But then we build a lot of regulations around that that tie our own hands.    So I think we need to go back and look at what we can do with the authorities that we have in place to let these people do what they do best if you let them, and that is get the job done. That is why people join the Federal Government, the State government, and the city government. They want to help. We just keep tying their hands in ways that make it harder to do so.    Mr. Gair. Thank God.