    Mr. Clay. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for conducting this hearing, and thank you, Secretary Castro, for coming before us today. And before I get into my questions, Mr. Chairman, I would ask unanimous consent to enter several documents into the record.    First, I have four letters from outside groups urging FHA to reduce its premiums, one of which is signed by over 40 organizations. I also have a chart prepared by the Urban Institute that shows a distribution of volume and share of GSE, VA, and FHA originations in 2014 broken down by loan-to-value ratio and FICO score. The chart demonstrates the importance of FHA for higher LTV loans and the stark differences between borrowers served by the FHA and the GSEs.    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And also, I listened to my friend from Arizona and others about the FHA and its role in the housing industry. And I just wanted to make my colleagues aware that in the 1930s when the FHA was originally founded, that agency initially conducted as official U.S. housing policy over discrimination practices in barring African-Americans from securing FHA-backed mortgages, and purposely steering African-American borrowers to higher-priced predatory loans.    In other words, they couldn't get the regular FHA-backed mortgage that most other Americans were getting at the time to realize the American dream. So they were steered into these higher-priced loans at the behest of official government policy. And it took the elimination of restrictive covenants through the Supreme Court's ruling in Shelley v. Kraemer, as well as the passage of fair housing laws into the 1960s, in order to level the playing field in the U.S. mortgage market so that people could be treated fairly when they went to apply for a mortgage.    I am sure the Secretary is aware of the history of the FHA. And I would like to make my colleagues aware of that history also because for 30 or 40 years, people were at a disadvantage, who tried to play by the rules, who tried to get money at a rate that was affordable to them to purchase a home. And they were put at a disadvantage, and so I heard the word ``foreclosure'' mentioned and what happens to neighborhoods when there are foreclosures.    I know all too well what happens. I represent an area in north St. Louis County which has been devastated. Up to 10 years ago, it was a middle-class neighborhood with home values that were considered upper-middle-income levels. And then all of a sudden, people wanted to refinance their homes, and they were steered into these high-priced mortgages. Equity was stripped out of the homes, and what do we have now? We have a lot of vacant houses. People don't live in them. They can't afford to finance them, and so that is what happens in foreclosure to communities that are vulnerable. And let me mention that most of these homeowners were upper-income African-American homeowners who did not, for some reason, qualify for conventional mortgages, and were steered into predatory loans and now they have gone through foreclosure and lost their property.    But let me ask the Secretary, I just have one question--oh, my time is up. I yield back.