    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Welcome. You both agree that, to facilitate rural broadband deployment really is going to take USF reform, is that correct? Would you----    Mr. Shimkus. And Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Shimkus. And, Commissioner Pai, in your opening statement you mentioned some principles. Can you re-state those real quickly again for me? I caught a couple of them, but I didn't----    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you. Chairman Wheeler, these are all kind of rural questions for rural service, so it is really appealing to the constituary representing about a third of the State of Illinois, so it is like a lot of the rural areas. So this is on this dropped call issue still. I mean, I go to some of my either family-owned phone----    Mr. Shimkus . Companies, or the co-ops that I still have out there, and I think we talked about the last couple hearings----    Mr. Shimkus . That we have been with, and the intermediary carriers called the least cost routers, they----    Mr. Shimkus . Seem to be the problem. Can you tell me how we are going to--because you know these companies. They get blamed if the call gets dropped. It is an intermediary carrier that is doing it, and it causes all sorts of problems.    Mr. Shimkus. Well, that is good, because we are going into the August break, and I know they will have----    Mr. Shimkus. They are going to come visit me again during the break, and they are going to ask, and so I am glad I got a chance to ask the question, and continue to address this issue.    Last question, Commissioner Pai, when it comes to the IP transition, and the ability to upgrade technologies, we kind of talked about that earlier, do all providers face a regulatory level playing field when it comes to making upgrades and provide their customers with the newest technology?    Mr. Shimkus. Great. And I will just end on--Chairman Wheeler, thank you for your work on 911. I am glad we talked prior, and I look forward to getting together with Ranking Member Eshoo to----    Mr. Shimkus. There is always work to be done in this----    Mr. Shimkus . Field, and----    Mr. Shimkus. I would----    Mr. Shimkus. Yes.    Mr. Shimkus. My time has expired.