    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the panel for your patience in being here. In the short time, there are just a couple of areas I want to cover which have been covered in some respects today.    But I just want to make it clear because I have some things from my district that I want to share with you. Why don't we do--Mr. Zywicki if you would, I think others have already given this testimony but could you just confirm? Do you believe that Dodd-Frank is actually harming the ability of financial institutions to make loans and offer credit to people in businesses?    Mr. Emmer. And does this include minority-owned businesses?    Mr. Emmer. In fact, would you agree that Dodd-Frank is having a disproportionately negative impact on Americans of modest means in minority communities?    Mr. Emmer. I am going to quote, there are a couple of CEOs--the Goldman Sachs CEO has said, ``More intense regulatory and technology requirements have raised the barriers to entry higher than at any other time in modern history. This is an expensive business to be in if you don't have the market share in scale. Consider the numbers of business exits that have been announced by our peers as they reassessed their competitive position and relative returns.''    And then JPMorgan Chase's CEO has referred to the post-crisis regulatory regime as creating a ``bigger moat that protects his bank and other too-big-to-fail firms from competition by new entrance in small firms that cannot internalize the cost of the Dodd-Frank regulatory requirement.''    Dr. Calabria, we have met, I apologize for butchering your name.    Do you agree with these CEOs?    Mr. Emmer. Right. And basically, what they are telling us is that the bigger guys are able to survive; it is the smaller ones who are taking on these increased costs created by this extreme regulatory environment are suffering.    And I am going to give you a couple for the record. In my district, this is from a banker who will remain anonymous, ``We are a small community bank with three locations, compliance has always been a cost. This is just a part of our business.    ``However, since Dodd-Frank this cost has expanded greatly. For example, within the last year, we had to hire a full-time compliance director at a cost of $60,000 plus benefits, and this is in addition to training two outside compliance firms, one assists our staff with deposit compliance and one with the loan compliance at an annual cost of about $40,000 per year.    ``In addition to this, we have several members of our staff whose jobs have changed, so that instead spending time on revenue-generating activities, they are spending time on compliance. Unfortunately, since there is no offsetting revenue for this expanding cost, we are forced to consider passing the cost on to our customers with additional fees.''    It is also changing the way they do business. And the credit that they can offer to start-up businesses and consumers who are trying to buy their first home or buy an automobile.    In my last couple of seconds, Dr. Calabria, again, the Office of Financial Research and the Financial Stability Oversight Council are funded through assessments on bank holding companies. Effectively, this means that Congress has no appropriation mechanism to perform necessary oversight over these agencies. Do you think it would be wise for Congress to have more oversight of OFR and FSOC?    Mr. Emmer. Anybody disagree? Mr. Atkins?    Mr. Emmer. All right. I see my time has expired. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.