    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As the panelists might know, yesterday both NATO and the European Union intelligence officials indicated that there are, quote, ``justified concerns,'' end quote, that ISIS is working on obtaining biological material needed to carry out an attack.    With persistent analysis like this supporting the notion that terrorists are actively looking to acquire a weapon of mass destruction, I certainly hope that our Government will redouble our efforts in protecting sensitive materials from getting into the wrong hands.    We also know that in October it was revealed that a 26-year-old Moroccan-born man who had worked in a sensitive area in a nuclear power plant in Belgium died in the spring while fighting for ISIS.    This terrorist had passed a background check and had access to a secure area where the nuclear reactor is located. Obviously, it can happen in the biological space as well. We shouldn't forget that the perpetrator of the '01 anthrax incident was a scientist who worked at the Government's biodefense labs at Fort Derrick.    I bring that up because we can have all the policies and procedures in place and we can have taken corrective actions and so forth. But I'm curious, Mr. Neumann, did you and GAO look at the security level of personnel in your report?    Mrs. Brooks. I understand that. But what about security and background checks? Why did you not look at security and background when it has to do with personnel actually following or not following these procedures?    Mrs. Brooks. And I certainly appreciate it and don't want to take away from your work. But I do think that is of critical importance and I'm going to ask very briefly, because I have a different line of questioning for Dr. Tabak, but if you could please each agency indicate, and I may ask for the record, we may submit questions for the record with respect to what level of security clearances do your personnel have who have access to these deadly pathogens, how often are they cleared, because it's very common for many agencies to have that clearance process when an individual comes in to an agency, but often maybe not checked on routinely every few years, and I'm curious about that, as well as what is the level of security clearance that the personnel must have.    So I will be submitting those questions for the record for each of your agencies. I believe that Major General indicated that certainly people are vetted, and I assume that people are vetted within your agencies.    But having been a former U.S. attorney and going through security background checks I'm very interested in knowing what level of security clearances all of the personnel that have any access.    I'm not just talking about the scientists. I'm talking about all levels of personnel. I'm curious to know what level of background checks are performed.    Dr. Tabak, I'm very curious to know because the majority staff investigation found that the National Cancer Institute of Frederick does not report to the NIH Safety Office on the main campus. Who does the safety officer at NCI Frederick report to?    Mrs. Brooks. Who do they directly report to?    Mrs. Brooks. So is the NIH management of safety--is it centralized or is it decentralized across the various campuses? I've just visited your incredible campus. It's a very, very large place. Is it decentralized or is it centralized?    Mrs. Brooks. And we heard from Mr. Neumann that--do you receive reports of select agent inspection results now?    Mrs. Brooks. OK. Does Dr. Collins?    Mrs. Brooks. And we've heard that according to HHS comments and response to the GAO's report, the associate director of research services is the designated agency safety and health official. Does this individual report to your or Dr. Collins about lab safety issues?    Mrs. Brooks. OK. Thank you. I yield back.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Very briefly, and this would be to Major General Lein.    In its report, GAO recommended to DoD that it require all high-containment labs including those not registered with the select agent program to report the results of any agency inspections to DoD.    DoD told GAO that it had no plans to implement such a requirement. Why does the department disagree with GAO on this issue and why not require reporting inspections of all high-containment labs and not just the select agent registered labs?    MG Lein. Ma'am, I have to get back to you on that. We should be reporting all of the--not just the labs but all of our high-containment labs. So I owe you a response to that.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. We agree.    MG Lein. So just follow on the recommendations from the GAO report.    Mrs. Brooks. OK. We'll look forward to your response, or changes and procedures. Thank you. I yield back.