    Mr. Min. Thank you for inviting me here to testify on this important topic of potential executive branch overreach. As I discuss in my written testimony, the scope of today's hearing is quite sprawling, spreading a broad array of complex and highly technical legal and constitutional issues.    Obviously, I do not have the time to get into all of these today, but I would like to make one general observation. Today's hearing assumes that there is executive branch overreach, and this assumption is based in large part on the claim that there is a so-called swarm of litigation that DOJ and other governmental agencies have initiated in recent years. But this claim largely ignores the context of these various DOJ investigations.    Lest we forget, we are still recovering from the largest financial crisis in the history of the world, one which caused $22 trillion in total damages to the American people.    Similarly, the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill was the largest environmental disaster we have ever seen, one whose effects will be enormous and felt for generations.    Given the magnitude of harm resulting from these and other recent incidents of business misconduct, it would be highly unusual if DOJ had not launched a wave of major prosecutions in recent years.    My testimony today, however, focuses on one discrete issue related to executive overreach, which is this: When the Federal Government settlement of litigation claims includes provisions allowing or acquiring charitable donations to be made to third parties, to what extent do these charitable payment provisions encroach on Congress' power of appropriations, and should we take measures to curb or eliminate this practice?    Of course, H.R. 5063, the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2016, would expressly prohibit the DOJ and other Federal agencies for negotiating for such charitable payment provisions unless they were specifically directed toward actual victims of the alleged misconduct.    While I appreciate all the hard work that has gone into H.R. 5063, I think it is a solution in search of problem, as there is a marked lack of evidence, other than anecdotal evidence, that charitable payment provisions actually pose any sort of problem, either from the standpoint of law or policy.    Legally, it is well settled that charitable payment provisions are permissible and enforceable under current law, so long as they meet certain conditions. They should be executed prior to an admission or finding of liability. The government should not retain any post-settlement control over the donated funds, and there should be some nexus between the donations and the underlying legal violation.    Charitable payment provisions that meet these criteria are clearly enforceable. Indeed, it is worth mentioning that the White House Office of Legal Counsel, the GAO, which advises and supports Congress, and the Federal courts are all in agreement on this point, as a describe in greater detail in my written testimony.    Indeed, this very body has implicitly acknowledged the legality of charitable payment provisions by passing H.R. 5063 out of Committee. If these types of provisions were legal, of course there would be no need to pass legislation prohibiting them.    There is also no evidence that charitable payment provisions pose a policy problem. This Committee has spent significant time investigating the charitable payment provisions negotiated by DOJ in recent settlements, but while there has been a flood of incendiary rhetoric accusing DOJ of various nefarious deeds around this, there has been a notable lack of any evidence behind these claims.    The recent RMBS settlements negotiated by DOJ with the largest investment banks illustrates this point rather well, I think. These settlements, which include provisions for donations to be made to housing counseling groups, have been described by some as ``liberal slush funds'' because the list of approved donees includes groups like NeighborWorks or La Raza.    But this characterization of these settlements is highly misleading. The charitable payment provisions in question allow the banks to choose from among hundreds of different HUD-approved housing counselling groups, including ones that might fairly be characterized as conservative. These groups were not chosen on the basis of their ideological postures, but rather because of their proven effectiveness in prevent foreclosures.    Thus, H.R. 5063, in my view, does not actually solve any problems, but is likely to create a number of vexing problems. H.R. 5063 weakens the Federal Government's ability to pursue the best tailored remedies for civil and criminal violations. It is of course a first principle of negotiations that negotiators should have flexible and open-ended authority so as to be able to negotiation for Pareto optimal deals. H.R. 5063 would detract from that.    Moreover, limiting DOJ settlement authority is likely to drive it toward a more aggressive litigative posture. That, in turn, is likely to stunt capital formation and economic growth by shifting prosecutorial resources away from negotiation and toward litigation, thus increasing the uncertainty of the business community around litigation.    In my view, one of the key problems underlying H.R. 5063 is that it embodies a flawed view of the purpose of regulatory enforcement. Proponents of H.R. 5063 have expressed the view that civil penalties should serve a specific restitutionary function, providing compensation to injured individuals, but this view flies in the face of long-standing theory and basic logic. Civil penalties by their very nature are inefficient means of providing redress to injured parties.    The long-standing goal of civil penalties has contrarily been to survey deterrents and general compensation function. Charitable payment provisions help to facilitate the public policy goals.    If this Task Force is concerned about ensuring that victims of crime are compensated, it should create more private causes of action for these victims. Private litigation is, from both a theoretical and empirical perspective, a far more efficient vehicle for providing specific restitution. I thank you again for the opportunity to testify and look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Min. I think I would echo the general's comments. It seems like this is your house. You set the rules of how you appropriate the funds.