    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    South Asia, with nearly 2 billion people, by definition, is a major focus of American foreign policy. As the largest democracy, second most populous country, maybe soon to be first most populous country, and the third largest economy in the world, India is perhaps the greatest geopolitical opportunity for the United States. The United States and India share many core values, including religious pluralism, individual freedom, and the rule of law. Over the past decade, the United States and India have worked to bring India out from nuclear isolation, increased defense and security cooperation, narrowed differences over how to combat climate change, and a number of other signs of a more intense and high-quality relationship.    Right now, our trade is about $110 billion in goods and services both ways, and we are running a $20-billion deficit. I strongly support Vice President Biden's goal of increasing bilateral trade to $500 billion, and I hope that that is $250 billion in each direction. I know the administration has continued to pursue a bilateral investment treaty with India, and I am interested in knowing how this would not only increase trade and investment, but lead to balanced trade.    And I would admonish the State Department folks, who are here, including, of course, the Assistant Secretary. Companies will come to you saying, this is great for America's economy, and what they want is to make $1 million profit off a $1 million licensing fee. The State Department needs to focus on the jobs, not the profits.    And, for example, I have seen the State Department actively market cars made in Germany because, well, Chrysler asked them to do it. They didn't bother to notice that the car was made in Germany. So I am hoping that the embassies and others who report to you are focused on the jobs aspect, not just whether there is a familiar American company asking for help.    The International Energy Administration estimates that India will require $2.1 trillion in investment in power sector loans to meet pent up demand. I want to do everything we can to ensure that American companies employing American workers provide a good portion of the plant equipment and technology that would go into that new infrastructure.    When we voted in favor of the nuclear cooperation agreement, we were told that India would reform its liability laws to facilitate American participation. I look forward to hearing from the witnesses as to why India continues to have a legal structure that provides that level of liability protection to Russian, French, and Chinese firms that can claim sovereign immunity, while, in effect, freezing U.S. companies out of the market.    As to Bangladesh, the chair noted many of the concerns. Despite development progress, there is the continued instance of extreme poverty. The growth of Islamic extremism, murderers working their way through a publicly circulated list of politically active members of religious minorities. Less than 2 weeks ago, Xulhaz Mannan, a USAID employee, was brutally murdered for his activism in human rights. The home of a Christian family was bombed, and just last weekend, a Sufi saint was murdered. I look forward to hearing how we are addressing these concerns, particularly with regard to the significant Hindu minority in Bangladesh.    I look forward to hearing your assessments on Sri Lanka and its political process of reconciliation. I met recently with the Ambassador of Sri Lanka and encouraged Sri Lanka to move forward to increase American import--imports from America, and, of course, political reconciliation between the Sinhalese and the Tanuk communities.    He explained that there were elements of progress, but as I talked to those from the Tamil community, I see that progress could be moving forward and more quickly toward giving more local power to local officials and withdrawing the military from the Northeast.    Even in the smallest country of the region, the Maldives, with a population of only 400,000, we see important American interests at stake. President Yameen is crushing democracy. It is becoming a recruiting paradise for jihadists. More than 200 Maldivians are estimated to have traveled to Syria and Iraq, the highest record of terrorist recruitment per capita in the world.    And when Islamic State fighters return to the Maldives, they don't face prosecution. Of course, there are countries in Europe where returning fighters do not face prosecution, and that is a mistake, both for the world and the individual country to which they return.    Finally, with respect to Nepal, I hope to hear about the effectiveness of the $130 billion--million dollar U.S. response to the earthquake in April of last year.    Ms. Biswal, in your written testimony you say the needs are $6.6 billion. Two-thirds have been committed, but that we are meeting only 10 to 18 percent of the housing and health facility needs. My guess is that although the commitment may be at the two-thirds level, the actual funding may be at the 5 or 10 percent level. And I look forward to seeing what we can do and how the administration would justify its $109.3 million request, though. With that, I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. I know the staff loves the chairman very--oh, good. They did start my time over. I thought they were going to charge my time for the fact that the chairman had extra good things to say.    People outside of Washington look at Washington and say, they come up with every weird argument to help Wall Street and to help corporate America. When you go over to the Ways and Means Committee, we are told that we should forgo tax revenue, because we need to create capital, because capital helps the American worker. So we have a capital gains allowance. We have a--I used to be able to name 100 things we do to increase the amount of capital available for investment in the United States.    Then you, you know, you walk on over here from Longworth and you come over to this room, and we are told it is just a wonderful thing if this capital that we have accumulated can be deployed to India. And what we need is to have taxpayer-paid officials negotiate a great BIT agreement so that American companies will feel good about taking this capital, which the Ways and Means Committee helped them create, and invest it abroad in India and elsewhere.    Is there an analysis that shows whether a quality BIT agreement will increase jobs in the United States? Is there--and is there one that is not paid for by Wall Street?    Mr. Congressman, let me just say, first and foremost, that we are in support of an increase and enhancement in two-way trade between the United States and India, one that seeks to grow investment of U.S. companies in India, but equally of Indian companies in the United States. And a high standard bilateral investment treaty is not about, necessarily, whether this will facilitate the outsourcing of jobs. It is about actually creating the level playing field that ensures that U.S. investors are getting the same protections and fair and equitable treatment as investors from Japan, from South Korea, and over 50 other countries that already have investment treaties with India and enjoy those kinds of protections.    But I take your point with respect to ensuring that the--that the trade and investment with the--between the United States and India is one that accrues benefits in both directions. And to that effect, I would note that according to the U.S.-India business council, Indian companies have invested more than $11 billion in the United States over the past decade, and we probably can attribute close to 100,000 U.S. jobs in all 50 States to----    Mr. Sherman. But if I could interrupt. I don't think we need a BIT to encourage Indian investment in the United States. I haven't heard too many Indian companies saying they won't invest here unless we do a BIT, that they feel that they are being discriminated against as opposed to Japanese or British investors. We welcome the Indian investment here. It is a small portion of American investment there, and a BIT will encourage more American investment there.    And let me shift to another aspect of this. One of the things we export is planes. I know that the French and German Foreign Ministers are working every day to sell an Airbus. What have you and the diplomats who report to you done to get them to buy American planes----    Mr. Sherman . Other than ask them not--to ignore the silliness in Washington where we almost eliminate the Ex-Im Bank. Hopefully, you hypnotized them into ignoring the craziness here.    Mr. Sherman. I will need to interrupt you. This is kind of a test. I know the standard talking points that you are in favor of commercial advocacy. I am kind of testing whether that is for real, because I had a different Assistant Secretary come here and say they agreed on commercial advocacy and testified as to how he had helped promote German-made cars without knowing it.    So that is why I asked a very specific question about planes to see whether you could point to real specifics or whether it was just the talking points that we believe in commercial.    Mr. Sherman. I'm sorry. Civilian planes. This is a question about civilian planes.    Mr. Sherman. Okay.    Mr. Sherman. I know the defense business is there, and you will get back to me on the commercial side.    I brought up, in my opening statement, the civil nuclear industry. Obviously, BHOPAL did not cast America in a good light. We saw the Deputy Secretary's meeting with the Foreign Secretary on this issue. How close are we to being able to put American nuclear companies on the same liability level as others?    Mr. Sherman. Has the U.S. nuclear industry said, yes, that is enough, or do they still regard it as not enough to allow----    Mr. Sherman. So you are saying the Indian law fully matches the protocol on liability?    Mr. Sherman. I have gone over time. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman. You are not going to do a second and third and fourth round?    Mr. Sherman. We will miss you until next time.