    Mr. Larsen. Do you expect a bow-wave in terms of costs for funding the life extension programs? How is NNSA preparing to handle 4-5 concurrent life-extension programs?    General Klotz. FY 2017 Future Years Nuclear Security Program (FYNSP) funding for life extension programs (LEPs) increases from $1.340 billion in FY 2017 to $1.919 billion in FY 2021, with significant increases occurring in FY 2018 (+$266 million) and FY 2021 (+$281 million). Beyond the FYNSP, the nominal cost of the LEPs, as reflected in Figure 4-33 of the FY 2017 Stockpile Stewardship and Management Plan (SSMP), plateaus, varying between $1.8 billion and $2 billion per year. Effectively, we will have climbed the ``bow wave'' during the FY 2017 FYNSP. However, it is important to note that only the W76-1 and B61-12 LEPs currently are baselined, and the W88 Alt 370, while baselined for its original scope, is being re-baselined to reflect the addition of the conventional high explosive refresh. The estimates for all other LEPs being performed over the next 25 years (W80-4, IW-1, IW-2, IW-3, and B61-13) are based on planning estimates as described in the FY 2017 SSMP, and their cost should be viewed as a cost range. These estimates are done in advance of the Phase 6.2/2A studies that will establish the specific scope for each LEP, so they are subject to change once those studies are completed. For the period FY 2022-2041 this cost range varies by about +/-$300 million per year around the nominal values described above. Regarding how NNSA is preparing to handle four to five concurrent life extension programs, the best preparation is advance planning for their execution. That's one of the reasons the SSMP is a 25-year plan that lays out our entire scope of activities and current plans for the LEPs. It should also be noted that while multiple LEPs may be ongoing at any particular point in time, some will be in Engineering Development where the preponderance of activities fall on the labs, while others will be in production which falls more heavily on the plants. We are already successfully executing three LEPs simultaneously.    Mr. Larsen. What are the opportunities to expand R&D into technology to detect and better understand current and future proliferation threats?    General Klotz. The DNN R&D program makes strategic contributions to DOE's goal to reduce nuclear security threats through the innovation of unilateral and multi-lateral technical capabilities to detect and better understand: 1) foreign nuclear weapons program activities; 2) illicit diversion of special nuclear materials; and 3) global nuclear detonations. The program is emphasizing R&D that supports low-yield or evasive nuclear test monitoring, Big Data (such as data analytics and computation), and evaluation of emerging technologies (such as microfluidics and additive manufacturing) that have multiple commercial applications as well as proliferation threat potential in nuclear material production applications.    Mr. Larsen. The FY16 NDAA mandated transferring certain NNSA facilities that qualified for transfer to the Department of Energy Environmental Management program within 3 years. What additional funding would the DOE need and can the EM program execute?    Mr. Larsen. Can you explain the decrease in funding in the FY17 President's Budget relative to the FY 16 enacted level and FY 16 PB level for Richland operations at Hanford?    Mr. Larsen. The FY 16 NDAA required a report on the feasibility of using LEU in naval reactors. This research was supported with $5 million in the omnibus. Can you provide an update on the status of this study?