    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman Barletta. Good morning, everyone.    The GSA serves an important role as the property and construction manager for the Federal Government. Today(s hearing rightly chooses to focus on how GSA can continue to effectively manage the land ports of entry construction program.    GSA owns and manages all of the largest land ports of entry along the southern border. Daily nearly $2 billion in trade crosses through the border crossings, along with 355,000 vehicles; the 135,000 pedestrians; and 30,000 trucks. Today we hope to learn how GSA is improving the infrastructure at land ports of entry, and how they can facilitate more efficient and secure crossings between the United States and its trading partners along the southern and northern borders.    I would like to thank Deputy Commissioner Michael Gelber of GSA for joining us today to outline the agency's role in maintaining and constructing land ports of entry. The Department of Homeland Security often has the largest Federal agency presence at land ports of entry and border stations, so I am pleased that they will be joining us, as well.    I am also pleased that we have two organizations representing private sector organizations for coming in today and giving us their perspective on working with GSA and DHS. I also look forward to hearing their insights on how DHS is implementing the pilot public-private donation program that is meant to speed the development of land ports of entry. Thank you for coming.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Schied, in your testimony you discuss how some land ports of entry were built over 70 years ago, and the ports of entry constructed as recently as 15 years ago are not able to accommodate the growing demands of additional processing capacity, new security requirements, or even enforcement technologies.    Sir, have design requirements evolved in the last 15 years? And how are they being incorporated into ports of entry that GSA is constructing today?    Mr. Carson. Mr. Gelber, there has been much discussion today about the pilot donation acceptance program. Does GSA envision this program growing in scope? And how many donations have actually been executed?    And also, what are the lessons learned since this pilot commenced?    Mr. Carson. Thank you, gentlemen. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Vale, there has been a lot of discussion today about how land ports of entry are basically outdated due to an increase in trade, post-NAFTA and subsequent investments in infrastructure by the Mexican Government. Who is responsible for tracking the infrastructure investments made by either the Canadian and Mexican Governments? And do you believe it is even feasible to coordinate those activities between countries to ensure that land ports of entry are not overwhelmed, due to mismatched investments along the border?    Mr. Carson. Yes.    Mr. Carson. To that point, also in your testimony, Mr. Vale, you indicated that the CBP should be able to demonstrate the financial upside for a private-sector donation to the land ports of entry program.    In your mind, what is the appropriate metric or even order of magnitude that the CBP should be targeting to even make a private-sector donation attractive?    Mr. Carson. Yes. Lastly, Mr. Gallegos, what roles do you believe that the local and State governments should have in developing infrastructure plans for land ports of entry? And how can local and State governments augment Federal efforts to expand capacity at land ports of entry?    Mr. Carson. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Thank you, gentlemen.