    Mr. LaHood. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Mr. Chairman and Chairman Loudermilk, I look forward to working with you on this issue, and appreciate the testimony of the witnesses here today.    I'm brand new, come from Illinois, Ag is the number one industry in our state. And in hearing the testimony particularly from Dr. DeCicco and Mr. Drevna, I mean, it really seems incongruent when you look at the genesis of the law and going back and looking at the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the EISA law of 2007. And at the signing ceremony there, the emphasis on why that was put in place, the RFS, you know, President Bush talked about protecting the environment, strengthening our energy security, supporting American farmers.    And you listen to that and also the Secretary of Energy at the time Samuel Bodman and Secretary Johanns, who's now a U.S. Senator, and you listen to what they said then and how that's played out and then you hear the testimony here today, they're in conflict. And I'm trying to rationalize that and figure out where the truth lies.    And I guess in looking at my own district, I have a very rural district in central and west central Illinois. And I think in my district--ag is the number one industry in the State of Illinois. We have--you know, we have some of the most fertile farmland in the entire world. And I look at what it does in Illinois in terms of what it's done for our consumers.    I don't--to be honest with you, Mr. Anderson, I don't hear much complaints about food prices going up in my district. We have some big livestock operations there, you know, we have some of the highest yields we've had, energy prices and gasoline prices have been low in Illinois, and then you--our air pollution has gone down almost every year in Illinois.    So I look at those tangible benefits and I also look at the jobs that are created in Illinois through agriculture, whether that's John Deere or ADM or Caterpillar. There are lots of small and medium-sized businesses that have benefited from this law.    And I guess in looking at, Dr. DeCicco, the flaws that you laid out--and I have to admit I don't know much about carbon neutrality or violation of carbon mass--some of these flaws, but I guess in looking at the genesis of this bill and what was put forward and the rationale and how that's playing out, I guess I have not heard from--whether that's Secretary Bodman or Secretary Johanns--on acknowledging these flaws or making statements that the law somehow was incorrect and we need to amend that or revise that. Can you comment on that?    Mr. LaHood. I would just follow up on that. So in looking at those flaws that you laid out and what you mentioned, I mean, can--are you aware of--you know, for instance, Secretary Bodman, who was a chemical engineer from MIT, that he has acknowledged those flaws or put anything on record to say that this was done inappropriately or the wrong way?    Mr. LaHood. And the last thing I would say, Mr. Chairman, is, you know, I've tried to find evidence either from, you know, Secretary Bodman or the EPA Director at the time Stephen Johnson or from President Bush that somehow this was a flawed law and was not done the right way, and I've had difficulty finding that evidence.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.