    Ms. Ansley. Thank you, Representative Costello, Ranking Member Takano, and Members of the Subcommittee. Paralyzed Veterans of America would like to thank you for the opportunity to testify this afternoon regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs Loan Guaranty and Specially Adaptive Housing Grant Programs. Our testimony this afternoon will focus on VA's Adaptive Housing Grant Programs.    PVA's members are veterans who are catastrophically disabled by a spinal cord injury or disease. Many of them have benefitted from VA's Specially Adaptive Housing or SAH Grant Program. Providing a catastrophically disabled veteran with an accessible home is an investment that pays dividends in lower health and long term care costs. We hope that every effort will be made to strengthen VA's Adaptive Housing Program and increase the benefits available for these veterans by making investments in staffing, streamlining and expediting grant processing for veterans with terminal illnesses, and improving outreach.    Investments in staffing are needed to increase the number of SAH agents serving veterans. In many parts of the country, inadequate staffing contributes to delays in processing grants and results in poor customer service for veterans. According to PVA's service officers, many veterans have a difficult time contacting their SAH agents as phone calls and emails are not returned in a timely manner. PVA believes that veterans' inability to connect with their SAH agents is not only unfair to them, but also to these agents who are sincerely trying to serve veterans despite too many tasks and too few resources. Insufficient staffing also leads to retention problems as agents leave their positions due to excessive workload and extensive travel requirements. PVA's service officers report frequent turnover, which overburdens agents who must carry increased workloads when other agents leave. In addition, some agents cover large geographic areas and travel hundreds of miles one way to meet the eligible veterans, which also leads to delays in responding to veterans and processing grants.    One of the biggest challenges PVA encounters in the SAH Grant Program is the length of time it takes for grants to be processed and approved. This is especially true for veterans living with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS. Veterans with ALS are critical users of the SAH Grant Program and the housing adaptation assistance it provides. VA's SAH grant process, however, is not well suited to veterans with rapidly changing diseases like ALS. As a result, it may be difficult for a veteran with ALS to get the adaptations he or she needs when he or she needs them.    In its recommendations to the 114th Congress, the coauthors of the independent budget, which include PVA, Disabled American Veterans, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, recommended that VA expedite these grants for veterans who are terminally ill, including those who have ALS. This includes encouraging the use of waivers to prevent adaptations that are unneeded due to the veteran's level of disability.    Ultimately, the SAH Grant Program must be flexible enough to assist veterans who have relatively static disabilities such as spinal cord injuries, and those who have rapidly changing diseases such as ALS.    Delays in processing grants for veterans with diseases such as ALS can also prevent these veterans' families from accessing the mortgage protection that is available through the VA's Veterans Mortgage Life Insurance, or VMLI program. The VMLI program is designed to provide a mortgage insurance option for veterans who otherwise would not be able to seek such coverage. Coverage begins when an eligible veteran receives final approval of the grant. VMLI must be available to these veterans earlier in the grant process. One incremental change would be to approve VMLI at the same time as the final grant instead of waiting until funding is in escrow. Another option would be to approve those that are eligible for VMLI coverage as soon as VA determines that they meet all applicable requirements with the exception of the final approval of the adaptive housing grant.    PVA strongly supports VA's adaptive housing programs because the benefits available through this program are not only life-changing, but also life-saving.    When a veteran is determined by VA to be eligible for ancillary benefits including adaptive housing, VA provides the veteran with a decision that includes information about these benefits, and such a notice typically includes the requisite forms to apply. We have noticed, however, that the required forms are not always provided with the notice of eligibility and for veterans who are not represented by a veterans service organization like PVA, it may be difficult for them to navigate the sea of benefits for which they are eligible.    PVA provides significant outreach related to the benefits of adaptive housing. Our service officers communicate with our veterans to ensure they understand the benefit and the importance of the program. We also seek to increase awareness by providing information on our Web site, and in our meetings, and in our membership magazine. We also work to provide information about how to design a wheelchair accessible for home and we support efforts to increase affordable accessible housing for all people with disabilities.    We appreciate the Subcommittee's focus on VA's adaptive housing program. We hope additional resources will be available, and we thank you for the opportunity to share our thoughts today.    