    Mr. DeFazio. Well, thanks, Mr. Chairman. I will be brief. You know, I am hoping the panel will--I haven't had a chance to read testimony, but will discuss what our role should be after 2023, when the moratorium on FAA regulating safety expires, if we are looking at a robust, civilian basically tourist- or science-based, commercially launched vehicles into space.    And then secondly, you know, I have a concern, and some will remember this, for many, many, many years there was a mandate that the FAA both promote and regulate the aviation industry. For years I tried to change that, and in fact, during one reauthorization, my amendment had been defeated, and people said there is no conflict and there was no problem.    Unfortunately, the ValuJet crash happened. We were in conference, and I get a call saying: How would we put your provisions in the bill? I didn't get everything I wanted, but I got most of it. There is an inherent conflict between promotion and regulation and oversight of safety, and I think that we need to look very carefully at that, and I hope that some of the witnesses can address that.    I mean, it would be more appropriate to say commerce will promote, FAA will regulate, in my opinion, but I would be interested in the opinion of those who are going to testify.    So thank you really for holding this hearing today, Mr. Chairman. I think it is a very important topic.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Don't worry. The tail numbers are available commercially on a realtime basis, so you don't have to worry about the Government there looking at you, Don.    I just want to return to the question. I understand that we want to promote this industry, and we do. You know, this is great for the U.S. to maintain our leadership in space, but the question is, why would we have the same agency promote and oversee safety? Why wouldn't it be the Department of Commerce or some other part of the Government that would do that?    Again, I mean, no offense, Dr. Nield, but I heard exactly those same things a couple of months before ValuJet when my amendment was defeated, and then my colleague said: Oops, that doesn't look too good, does it?    And so why wouldn't it be appropriate to have another agency of the Federal Government like the Department of Commerce, promote?    Mr. DeFazio. The qualification being no member of the public has been killed.    Mr. DeFazio. There is some criticism of the NTSB regarding the process that went forward, you know, the construction of the vehicle before there was any review by FAA AST, and the whole human factors interaction issue in which some FAA AST technical staff member reported their questions did not directly relate to public safety, were filtered by FAA AST management to reduce the burden on scale. Well, unfortunately, someone died.    So, that leads me exactly to the point I am making. That pressure was exerted and they complied because of your promotional mandate.    Dr. Dillingham, do you have anything to comment on this? Is there another agency of Government that could do the promotion while the FAA could just focus on safety and maybe they wouldn't need to hire a bunch more people if they just focused on that part.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Thank you.    Now, back to this, the insurance. I am struggling with this a little bit. When did FAA set the $500 million cap on acquired insurance?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. And they also have this nub then where you have the Federal Government indemnification, which back then I think was estimated to be $1.5 billion, but now we are adjusting that part for inflation and saying the potential Government indemnification, subject to appropriation--might be a problem there--is $3.06 billion but we haven't talked about the $500 million and indexing that to inflation.    So why are we indexing the Government, the taxpayer's liability to inflation but not the required acquisition of insurance?    Mr. DeFazio. I don't know. My understanding is from the GAO documents that it was set at $500 million and that it hasn't been indexed.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. So I mean, wouldn't this vary per operation, depending upon whether you are launching out of a heavily populated area, whether you are launching in a very remote area, the trajectory that you are going to use, et cetera, shouldn't it vary on each one?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. But if someone were doing something that you thought was going to exceed $500 million, you would just say: Well, you buy $500 million and the Government will take care of the rest?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.