    Mr. Arrington. Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify this afternoon.    I am Bob Arrington, founder and president of Arrington Funeral Directors in Jackson, Tennessee. I am honored to be serving as the president of the National Funeral Directors Association, referred to as NFDA.    Over the years, I have served my community and my profession by taking on leadership roles with the Tennessee Funeral Directors Association. I was appointed to a 4-year term by the governor of the State of Tennessee to serve on the Tennessee State Board of Funeral Directors and Embalmers, and I served the last year of my term as president of this State regulatory board.    I am testifying today on behalf of the nearly 20,000 funeral directors who are members of NFDA. Together, we represent more than 10,000 funeral homes in the United States and 39 countries worldwide.    NFDA is the world's leading and largest funeral service association, a trusted leader, a beacon for ethics, and the strongest advocate for the profession and the families we are called to serve.    I want to thank Congressman Rush for his efforts to protect consumers. Like the Congressman, NFDA members were horrified at the illegal activity that was discovered in 2009 at Burr Oak Cemetery in Illinois. In the findings section of this legislation, two other incidents involving a cemetery and a crematory are mentioned, Tri-State Crematory in Georgia and Menorah Gardens in Florida.    There is no doubt these were criminal and vile acts by a few bad apples, but I must state my profession, the profession that I love and have dedicated my life to, should not be cast in a disparaging light because of three incidents in the last 15 years which were handled appropriately by each state.    NFDA works closely with state associations to improve state laws governing the profession, ensuring they reflect the evolving needs of consumers and the funeral professionals that serve them. Over the last several years, states have continued to provide oversight and increased protections for the deceased, their families, and the providers of funeral services.    Therefore, it is the belief of the NFDA and its members that state regulation of the funeral profession is sufficient. There is no need for further regulation by the federal government at this time.    While we applaud Congressman Rush's concern for grieving families, a concern that is equal to our own, we oppose H.R. 5212 because we believe it is not the best way to address the illegal and immoral activities I previously described.    Next year the FTC is scheduled to begin a comprehensive review of the funeral rule, something that happens on a regular basis. NFDA feels this review offers a better alternative to H.R. 5212, which would merely expand a rule that is already flawed. In NFDA's opinion, the funeral rule needs to be redesigned and redrafted, not simply expanded.    While the funeral rule offers important consumer protections, it is a not a one-stop-shop solution. When the FTC reviews the funeral rule next year, everyone who has a concern about the funeral rule will be able to make their voice heard. NFDA is confident that the review will produce an updated funeral rule that protects consumers in today's market. And in NFDA's opinion, the funeral rule is far too important to be expanded without a full exploration of the complex issues involved, something that may not happen in Congress.    NFDA is dedicated to ensuring this review process will result in positive changes for both families and funeral service. We wholeheartedly agree with Congressman Rush that changes need to be made, but we feel the funeral rule needs to be redesigned and clarified to address the realities of the funeral market in 2016. It would be better to do this through a comprehensive rulemaking process where all interested parties can be heard rather than through a congressional mandate.    I am sure many of you know funeral directors in your community. You probably have been served by some. What we do is for the good of others, not for the good of us. We dedicate ourselves that families have one mother that is going to die one time and we are going to have one funeral. Our dedication is to do that one time because we have only one opportunity. The last thing we want is to do that wrong.    I thank you for the opportunity to be here, and I look forward to your questions.