    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Brooks. Yes, sir. Mr. Gerstenmaier, in light of the recent launch failures, is NASA reassessing their insight and oversight approach for the development, production, and operations of commercially provided vehicles that service the International Space Station?    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, and I appreciate that response, an effort on behalf of NASA. In my experience, NASA has a tremendous amount of insight and expertise, and I would encourage NASA to show the leadership that you indicate they are showing and the management skill that you indicate that they are doing to assist with Commercial Crew so that they can be more successful than they have been most recently.    This question is with respect to Mr. Elbon and Mr. Gerstenmaier. The loss of the SpaceX vehicle two weeks ago has been described as a big loss. Part of that loss was a replacement spacesuit for the International Space Station. What are the implications to the International Space Station program for the loss of this suit?    Mr. Brooks. Mr. Elbon, do you have anything to add?    Mr. Brooks. What was the cost of that lost spacesuit?    Mr. Brooks. Well, the items that NASA's had on these most recent launches, who is it that is absorbing the cost of those lost items that were being transported to the International Space Station? Is that the commercial crew provider or is that     Mr. Brooks. Is there going to be any future effort by NASA inasmuch as we're hiring private contractors to require those private contractors to reimburse NASA for equipment and materials lost because the private contractors were unsuccessful in launching their vehicles?    Mr. Brooks. The monies that will be withheld as payment to the private entity spacecraft providers, is that enough to offset the losses that NASA has incurred?    Mr. Brooks. So American taxpayers can rest assured then that at least we'll have some recoupment of the losses that American taxpayers have suffered as a consequence of the private sector providers' failure to provide the represented craft?    Mr. Brooks. That's all, Mr. Chairman. I yield the remainder of my time.