    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Chairman, and thank you all for being here.    First, I seek unanimous consent to enter into the record an article that was coauthored by former Commerce, Justice, Science Subcommittee Chairman Frank Wolf and Norm Augustine, who this Committee knows very well. So I'd ask unanimous consent for submission----    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you.    Again, I want to thank you all for being here, so grateful for your work. I especially want to just thank Colonel Collins. I really appreciate your service to our nation and the inspiration you are to young people, but especially to young women of incredible opportunities and how we need them to be involved in space and science and discovery. So thank you.    And, Dr. Griffin, so grateful for your service as Administrator, really I think a bright time and a time we can be proud of of your service there, so I want to thank you so much for that.    This is an important hearing, and as we continue to look for ways to bring long-term vision and stability for NASA, National Aeronautics and Space Administration. I think it's something we need to be looking at across our entire scientific ecosystem as well. As science becomes an increasingly collaborative and international enterprise, other countries are putting their stake in the ground to find a place with they will lead. America has traditionally led across the board. It is not the only measure, but one need only look at the list of Nobel Prizes per country. We are the number one, but other countries are catching up very quickly.    If we rest on our laurels, we may have a future where we have to send our kids overseas to get the best education in the world and to do groundbreaking research to get that next Nobel Prize.    One idea outlined by the article that I entered into the record, but the article written by Congressman Wolf and Mr. Augustine is for a dedicated fund for scientific research that we can actually put together 5-, 10-, or 25-year plans. As our witnesses should be able to attest, our researchers and scientists are walking on pins and needles just hoping that their project can stay on pace, on budget, and outside the ire of OMB bureaucrats or a disinterested Administration. When the President leaves or shifts around Administrators, researchers have to spend their time catching new people up just to let them know what we are doing.    A program can be cut or priorities can be shifted without the full picture. The cancellation of Constellation was a disaster. I think we all can see that now. It has been not just a setback, but it also hurts our standing in the world. I think Russia snickers when we need them to take our astronauts to the space station that our shuttle built.    Dr. Griffin, what are the first questions that we get from other nations when we come to them with an ambitious long-term project that will require all sides to deliver to see success? What response do we get back from them?    Mr. Hultgren. Yes.    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you. Well, I totally agree. My time is up, but really, we need to put our money where our mouth is. We need to follow through on our commitments. And so I appreciate it. Again, my time is up. I yield back, Chairman. Thank you.