    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, General, for your endurance and service.    Tomorrow night at the state armory in Hartford there is going to be a sendoff for the Connecticut Army National Guard 192nd Military Police Battalion, who are heading off to Afghanistan. And, you know, first of all, they were given notice almost 60 days ago to the day that they were being sent over. And I realize this is not sort of in your lane in terms of, you know, making the decisions about, you know, reaching into Guard and Reserve units.    You know, what I would say is that, frankly, there are folks who are kind of scratching their heads that if we are at a force level of about 10,000, you know, Guard and Reserves--there was, I think, an understanding and an acceptance back during the surge days, you know, when we had hundreds of thousands of people over in the Middle East--you know, tapping into the Guard at this point, and frankly, doing it with almost the bare notice required by law, is something that, again, folks are struggling with.    And so first of all, I guess I would ask you--and I don't mean to put you on the spot, but if you were in front of those families tomorrow night, you know, what you would share with them. And I am not asking you to, you know, explain the decision-making process, because I realize that that happens somewhere else, in terms of your command.    But again, as their leader over in Afghanistan, you know, what would be your thoughts that you would share with the families?    General Campbell. Sir, thank you. And again, the Army--all of our service could not do what we do without our military families. So I would first thank them for their sacrifice, for having to allow us to have that soldier continue to serve.    I would tell them that what they are getting ready to do, you know, two things--is a very, very important mission, will mean a great deal to the Afghan people but also provide for our own security back here.    I would ask them to watch out for each other and always take care of brothers and sisters on their left and right to make sure that force protection is always foremost in their mind. I would ask them never to get complacent. But that they do have a very, very important job.    You know, many times when I tell the soldiers, airmen, sailors, marines over there that sometimes you are too close to it; they can't see some of these changes we talked about earlier, and they--you know, people serve for different reasons, but they do serve because they know that they are serving for the greater good. And when they come to Afghanistan I tell them, you know, ``Whatever you do, make that place better than when you found it,'' and I think I have seen over the years everybody continues to do that.    They will have an impact on whatever they do and whoever they touch. And again, sometimes this is an impact that they can't be able to put into words, but I would just tell you their service would be honored and that they will feel good about what they have done after they leave there.    I can't speak to the service provider piece, that only that, you know, for many, many years our National Guard, our U.S. Army Reserve have played an important role both in Iraq and Afghanistan and will continue as we move forward. And so I appreciate their service.    Mr. Courtney. Great. Well, thank you. And I will share those thoughts.    You know, frankly, I think as we have sort of wrestled with the drawdown and force reduction and sequestration and the Budget Control Act, you know, it sort of has reignited a little bit of the sort of tension about whether or not the Guard and Reserve really are on parity, in terms of the rest of the forces. And again, the fact that they got this order to head over, you know, again, at a time when maybe the average person wouldn't think that kind of, you know, is consistent with the rest of the force level, underscores to me the value that Active Duty still apply--you know, believes exists, in terms of the Guard and Reserve units.    And they have done yeoman's work during both conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. And, you know, they deserve all the kudos and appreciation that we can possibly give them.    So again, thank you for your comments, and again, I will pass them along.    I will yield back.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Jones.