    Mr. Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, panelists, for being here today.    At last week's full committee SST hearing, we learned that this Administration has apparently been using fuzzy math to justify their promised reductions, 26 to 28 percent reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels at the Paris Climate Conference this past December. It's another example of how far this President's Administration will go to fulfill a politically driven agenda. It is an agenda not based on sound science.    Over the last seven years, this President has pushed some of the costliest regulations in the history of the republic, including the Clean Power Plan, the ozone rule, and Waters of the United States. And in the final year of his Administration, President Obama is eager to push more of his ``all pain, no gain'' regulations in the same manner in which he pushed his other regulations, with little regard to regulatory process and the underlying science. And more importantly, he shows little regard as to how this would adversely affect senior citizens, the poor, and those living on fixed incomes, as we've heard earlier today.    It's extremely important to invoke all stakeholders in the regulatory process. We heard from the agricultural sector and others that EPA did not meaningfully involve them in the rulemaking process. And now, we have a WOTUS rule that doesn't work for rural America, among others. Many farms and ranches are small businesses. We know that EPA failed to conduct a small business advisory panel, a SBREFA, to calculate the impact that the WOTUS rule will have on small businesses.    So my question is, Ms. Kerrigan, in your capacity with the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, what are your thoughts on this procedural failure and the impact that the WOTUS rule will have on our small businesses?    Mr. Babin. And if you don't mind, I'd like to follow up real quickly. Has this been a procedural failure by EPA to conduct a SBREFA panel with other regulatory rules, not just     Mr. Babin. Absolutely. Okay. Thank you so very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.