    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank the witnesses for your excellent testimony.    Full disclosure. Mike Botticelli is a pal of mine and used to run the Substance Abuse Bureau in Massachusetts, and Mr. Kelley, my district is a high-intensity drug trafficking area, and Mr. Kelley has been a frequent flier to my district in trying to address the problem there.    Most pointedly, we've had a critical situation in Massachusetts in my district, as well as other parts of the State, and maybe--maybe just explaining that will offer some value to what the office of National Drug Control Policy actually does.    We have had a pernicious problem with heroin coming into my district from Mexico, and it was through Director Botticelli's help that we sort of figured--figured all this out, but it's coming out of Mexico and Colombia. The earlier drug trafficking network was through the Dominican Republican. We had a lot of Dominican gangs that were providing that, as Mr. Kelley had informed us. But between the office of the National Drug Control Policy and HIDTA, we were able to bring in resources from--now, remember, we are dealing with a system that is--we've got local towns, cities, counties, the State, now the--one of the hot areas was Providence, Rhode Island, so we're dealing with Rhode Island as well, and then, of course, we're dealing with the Mexican border and the Mexican Government.    So ONDCP actually pulls all that together so we can get all these resources. They brought--I had a number of homicides in my district that were, that have the population in full alarm, brutal, brutal murders, and directly tied to the drug trade. And so ONDCP did a remarkable job. And I just--you know, from member to member and how you deal with this in your district, ONDCP is a very, very important part of that. And that's--that's how we bring all these resources together, which are scarce.    I do want to express support for Mr. Turner's idea about maybe accessing SAMHSA, but they're short-funded on that end as well, as Director Botticelli pointed out, but maybe we could do something on a pilot program where county prisons or State prisons might identify a certain program in a certain area like Dayton, Ohio or like Gloucester, Massachusetts where we're trying some innovative stuff here to deal with the inmate--or potential inmate population.    So I just appreciate the work that you all have been doing, and thank you, Mr. Maurer, for your testimony as well.    I want to just back up a little bit because one of the--one of the problems that I see on a day-to-day basis, and I'm dealing with it. I'm up to my neck in this stuff in my district, is the power of oxycodone, and I've got--I could tell you some horror stories about, you know, young people that we've been dealing with that, you know, one young woman and had a tooth extraction and got a prescription of OxyContin, and then she falsely--she tells me now she falsely claimed a persistent tooth pain, got another prescription of OxyContin. Two scrips later, she's fully, fully addicted, and then she started complaining about other teeth, having other extractions. So this young woman was having teeth pulled out of her head just to get the OxyContin.    Now, when people are doing that, it tells you that this is a very powerful, powerful drug, and because of the tolerance that--what it does to the brain and because of the tolerance that develops and resistance that develops, greater dosages are needed. So using that as just one example, and I can give you a bunch more, why is it that we're allowing drug companies to produce these powerful, powerful drugs that--by which they are building a customer base for life. By getting people on this OxyContin, it is--it's overloading their brains, and it's just--it's grabbing them, and there's a commercial advantage to producing customers for life.    If you can get these people hooked, you've got them forever, they can't get off this. So, you know--and now the FDA, God bless them, but they just expanded the use to children, and so it seems like we're not--we're not all rowing in the same direction here. I actually--when I was first dealing with it, I actually filed a bill to ban OxyContin, and there were more lawyers and lobbyists all over me on that. I didn't have a prayer.    So how--what is it that we could do to sort of look again at the substance that we're allowing people to sell out there. And I'm not against pain management, but this is ridiculous. We're overmedicated. You know, we've got--you know, it's just off the charts in terms of the opioids that we're putting out in the street. How do we address that issue?    Mr. Lynch. I thank the chairman's indulgence. Thank you. Appreciate it.