    Mr. Thornburg. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cooper, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before this committee. In addition to my opening statement, I have prepared a detailed written statement, which I have submitted for the record.    Mr. Chairman, this country's ability to launch rockets without using Russian engines should not be in question. America right now has talented rocket scientists, engineers, and technicians currently flying or developing innovative, American-made solutions to end U.S. reliance on Russia today. It bears noting that there has been a concerted movement towards national consolidation of the Russian space industry and a series of recent failures with Russian rockets, engines, and spacecraft.    Having worked in this business for 20 years for both government and private industry, including the Air Force and NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, I can tell you that more is happening now in propulsion development in the United States than at any time in my career.    What is SpaceX doing? SpaceX today is the largest private producer of liquid-fuel rocket engines in the world. The first stage Merlin engine has flown 162 times to space, more than any other domestic boost-phase rocket engine flying, including the RD-180 and the RS-68 combined. In the past 13 years, SpaceX has developed nine different rocket engines. Merlin is the first new American hydrocarbon rocket engine to be successfully developed and flown in the past 40 years, all while offering the highest thrust-to-weight ratio ever achieved.    We are investing in a next-generation rocket engine called Raptor, which will be a fundamental advancement in propulsion technology and serve a number of applications for the national security space market. And we have captured more than 50 percent of the global space launch market, unilaterally increasing U.S. market share from zero percent in 2012.    With respect to a national engine program, the Air Force is undertaking a strategy to result in not just a rocket engine but in launch systems. We believe this approach will, if done correctly, benefit the entire U.S. industrial base, properly require private industry co-investment, and meet requirements for U.S. Government launches. Most importantly, the Air Force is seeking to ensure that any new system is commercially viable in order to end the current practice of costly and unsustainable government subsidization.    SpaceX stands ready and able to provide access to space for the United States with our launch systems today, as well as next-generation propulsion launch systems. In May, the Air Force certified the Falcon 9 launch system to launch the most critical national security space payloads. We appreciate the Air Force's confidence. Powered by SpaceX's Merlin rocket engine, the Falcon 9 can perform 60 percent of the DOD launch requirements to date. We are also building, qualifying, and certifying the Falcon Heavy, which also uses the Merlin rocket engine. Between these two launch vehicle systems, SpaceX will be able to execute 100 percent of the DOD launch requirements and provide heavy-lift redundancy for the first time to the government. We anticipate Falcon Heavy certification in mid-2017. At the same time, SpaceX is developing Raptor. This staged-combustion reusable system will not only be extremely powerful but also versatile, efficient, and reliable while achieving commercial viability through notable risk and cost-reducing improvements. Raptor will advance the state of the art, ensure the U.S. remains the global leader in rocket propulsion technology, and serve important applications for national security space launch.    Importantly, meaningful competition is reentering the EELV program. With this, we have seen the incumbent make promises to reduce its costs, innovate, and fund new development efforts with private capital. These are good things. Much has been made of a so-called impending capability gap in assured access to space. The only gap that currently exists relates to heavy-lift capability. This is because the Russian-powered Atlas V does not have a heavy-lift variant. Otherwise, there is no credible risk of any capability gap for national security launch now or in the future. Existing vehicles, including the Falcon 9 and the Delta 4, are both made in America, certified for DOD launch.    The Atlas will continue to fly through 2020 under current law. Even if no engine or launch vehicle is flying by the congressionally mandated deadline of 2019, there will be no gap. Soon, however, the Falcon Heavy Launch System will close the preexisting gap in heavy-lift through internal funding by SpaceX. Falcon Heavy will be certified years before any proposed national engine program is set to fly. I want to close my testimony with some constructive solutions to truly achieve assured access.    First, the United States doesn't need more Russian engines to get national security space payloads to orbit. Second, continue working to achieve assured access through genuine competition between multiple qualified providers with redundant, truly dissimilar launch vehicle systems. Third, Congress must properly structure its engine development effort to maximize smart investment. Any government money should be matched at 50 percent by private capital to ensure meaningful co-investment. And commercial viability must be a key component of the future system.    Mr. Chairman, thank you. SpaceX, with our U.S.-built Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy, as well as our investments in homegrown, next-generation propulsion systems like Raptor, looks forward to contributing to the Nation's space enterprise. I am pleased to address any questions you may have.    Mr. Thornburg. Through our existing launch vehicles with Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy, we can provide 100 percent of the Nation's needs for national security space missions. In addition, we will continue our investment in next-generation propulsion systems and capability to further increase the U.S.'s position in propulsion development.    Mr. Thornburg. We are investing internally in next-generation propulsion systems like Raptor. And we are happy to have the conversation about how we can support the U.S. Government. And any time the Congress and the U.S. Government asks, ``what can industry provide to service the needs of the country,'' we are ready to participate in that conversation.    Mr. Thornburg. From an engineering standpoint, yes, that is something that we would entertain at SpaceX.    Mr. Thornburg. Correct. And I would also say, you know, that as an engineer, I am not necessarily studying the markets. But I can say that SpaceX believes there is, that we can be very competitive across the market. As I mentioned in my opening statement, we have recaptured for the United States 50 percent of the launch market share. So certainly with more cost-effective launch solutions, the market does open up.    Mr. Thornburg. To your first question, was her testimony correct, yes, the answer to that is yes. With regard to the questions about DCAA audit and frequency, in my position within engineering and working engine and vehicle development, I am not familiar with the frequency of the visits. I can tell you that we are working very closely with the Air Force and the DOD. I would be happy to go collect that information and return it for the record.    Mr. Thornburg. The current engine we are flying is the Merlin 1D boost engine. Your reference to the full thrust is a minor upgrade to that engine that basically takes the full potential of that engine system for future missions on the Falcon 9 1.1.    Mr. Thornburg. I can't recall the exact number of differences. I can say that from a technical standpoint engineering-wise, the differences are very minor in terms of the changes in the upgrades to the engine. It is all in line with our continual improvement of our propulsion systems and overall vehicle systems. But, essentially, we are taking the existing Merlin 1D with its present design and performance and taking the additional performance that we have available there and offering it to our customers to enhance the performance of the Falcon 9 1.1 system.    Mr. Thornburg. As far as the certification effort to date, the recent certification of the Falcon 9, the Merlin 1D engine now and going forward, the bulk of that is identical. So we are talking about minor changes and upgrades to the system that will be reviewed through ongoing and future Engineering Review Board activity with the Air Force.    Mr. Thornburg. No.    Mr. Thornburg. No. And I can comment that the ongoing dialogue with the Air Force through the certification process has been fantastic. We are working very closely with the Air Force as well as the Aerospace Corporation. The type of improvements and modifications that the Falcon 9 launch vehicle is going through now is no different than improvements that Atlas and Delta have taken on over the years. So we are in line with that in terms of the initial certification and then ongoing certification activities as these improvements come online.    Mr. Thornburg. I agree with my colleagues in that if the government fully invests, then they would own and retain the IP rights. But for systems that are privately developed, they would not.    Mr. Thornburg. I think it would depend on what type of development we were talking about in terms of the technology. If the technology was an offshoot of something that had been completely developed and invested by the private corporation, maybe not. But I think it would be case dependent.    Mr. Thornburg. With regards to the ongoing source selection activity, I don't think it is appropriate for me to comment on that right now, because I wouldn't want to say anything that would undo--unduly influence that ongoing source selection.    Mr. Thornburg. To your first question about have we flown a large methane rocket engine, no, we have not done that. But the one thing I did want to point out is that the one aspect of, as you hear a lot about this novel technology in some of the new engine power plants that are being discussed today, I wanted to point out to the committee that the one common thread across, whether it is Raptor, whether it is AR1, or whether it is BE-4, is really the ox-rich staged-combustion technology. All three engines that the three companies are working on incorporate that. And that really does represent the technology coming to the table.    So whether you are trying to replace something with Atlas in terms of an AR1, you still have to finish the development of ox-rich staged-combustion technology. And it is the same for BE-4; it would be the same for a Raptor engine.    And I wanted to also comment that the talented engineers in the United States have been working on these types of technologies since the late 1990s. Through programmatic investments of the Air Force Research Laboratory and NASA, these technologies have been available, but have yet to be fully funded and brought to the table until these conversations are happening now. So that is kind of where we stand on the methane engine development.    Mr. Thornburg. Just a comment back on the methane side. I think the research and development and the testing that has been performed by SpaceX's private investment, as well as activities we have been having with Blue Origin, are proving out the viability of methane as a fuel, whether it is ox-rich or a full-flow staged-combustion cycle.    I would also like to say that we have been operating hydrogen propulsion systems in this country since the dawn of the space age. Hydrogen, obviously, offers a lot more complexities in the design, et cetera. Methane typically falls somewhere between hydrogen and kerosene in terms of handling due to the nature of its cryogenic properties.    But I did want to point out that there has been a lot of research and development in methane ongoing in the private sector, independent of government investment over the last several years.    Mr. Thornburg. Sir, I would have to get back to you on the specifics of what has been transferred. But I can tell you that to my knowledge presently, since the last hearing, there have been numerous conversations between the Air Force and SpaceX specifically to address this information. I believe the bulk of all that has been provided and is being discussed between the Air Force and SpaceX. But I am happy to take that and provide it back for the record.    Mr. Thornburg. The language you use, no need for more certification, just to clarify, I guess my comments earlier were mainly with regards to resetting the clock on certification. There has been ongoing certification work to upgrades of launch vehicles long before SpaceX was in existence. So my comments there were mainly focused on the fact that SpaceX is not doing anything different than ULA has done over the years with Atlas and Delta in terms of bringing on new improvements to systems that improve performance and costs.    I can also say that we are working very closely with NASA and the Air Force, who have both certified us for their launches, for their own payloads this year, and we have ongoing conversations with them with regards to the status of the vehicle. They are fully read into all of the changes, all of the modifications that are planned and are ongoing, and are fully supportive of what we are doing in terms of gaining the certification for upcoming launches.    Mr. Thornburg. With Falcon 9 investment, SpaceX 100 percent invested in development of that launch of that vehicle. So, yes.    Mr. Thornburg. I can't speak to the total. But if you are referring to the COTS program itself, the NASA money under the COTS program to supply the space station was focused on the Dragon space capsule versus the Falcon 9 launch vehicle, which SpaceX funded the development of.