    Dr. Fleming. Thank you.    Gentlemen, I have listened to your testimony, and it is all very interesting and informative.    Let me ask you this: Have all three of you worked within the Obama administration?    Dr. Fleming. I believe you have.    And I listened intently as you, in particular, Mr. Morell, outlined eloquently how the current state of the Islamic world is an apocalyptic sort of view coming out of their religious studies out of Iran. Many believe that if you are an infidel, if you are not a believer, that you should be put to death and that there will be a messianic figure to come and kind of rule over the world.    I guess my question is, have you had these conversations with our President?    Dr. Fleming. Okay.    Would you say the same?    Dr. Fleming. The reason why I ask that question is because the American people, I think, just listening through the media, reading newspapers, agree with what you have to say, but our President seems to think that it is merely a coincidence that terrorists happen to be of the Islamic faith. And the problem with that, of course, is that limits how we deal with the core issues behind all of this.    I also heard you articulate, very importantly, how non-Islamists like ourselves, we don't have quite the credibility to say, ``Guys, you know, these beliefs are not consistent with the Koran and it is not consistent with how we should live together in this world. You really need to turn away from this philosophy.'' We need to rely on the Muslim world to do that.    But yet it seems to me--and I will tell you that most people in my State of Louisiana seem to feel that, even though there are many Muslims around the world, both domestically and abroad, who may not be in the fight, they still agree with the philosophy, the basic philosophy. And that is the reason why there is a resistance for them to come through and say, ``Look, we need to cut this out. We need to stop killing people just because they are not believers in Islam.''    I would love to have your response on that.    Dr. Fleming. Right.    The other gentlemen, would you like to add to that?    Ambassador Ford. Congressman, some of the opinion polls that I have read done by the Pew organization, Pew Research, have some statistics that are actually kind of shocking. The number of people in countries like Egypt and Jordan who support, for example, chopping the hands off thieves sometimes goes up to the 70- and 80-percent range--for a variety of, sort of, things which the Islamic State already does.    And that is not to say those people are all believers in what the Islamic State is trying to do, but it is to say that they are religiously conservative.    Dr. Fleming. Right.    Ambassador Ford. That is just one of the complications of dealing with the Islamic State.    That said, Michael Morell was talking about the role of President Sisi. I was very struck that, about a year and a half ago, 300 scholars, some of them quite well known within the Islamic world, Sunni, came out with a very, very strong denunciation of the Islamic State and the caliphate. It was about 3 months after it was announced and after they had done the first really gruesome beheadings of foreigners, as well as Syrians and Iraqis.    And I think it is always good to remember that the vast majority of victims of the Islamic State are themselves Muslim. Christians have suffered, unquestionably, and others, but the vast majority are Muslim. And that is why I think the most effective people to talk back to the Islamic State are not Americans who are not Muslims but other Muslims.    Dr. Fleming. Well, I am running out of time, but I would just end by saying that it seems absolutely necessary that we energize and stimulate the Muslim world to see this for what it is and that it is only going to make life difficult for everyone until they get involved and actually begin to counter these terrible philosophies that are really keeping us away from peace around the world.    And I thank you, gentlemen.    And I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. O'Rourke.