    Mr. Varela. Good afternoon, Chairman Abraham, Ranking Member Titus, and members of this subcommittee. DAV appreciates being invited to testify today to discuss the challenges facing the 360,000-plus veterans, dependents, and survivors with pending appeals. Over 95 percent of these pending appeals pertain to disability compensation benefits. Our written testimony today provides the subcommittee with a number of recommendations; however, my oral statement will focus on just a few.    First, VBA and the Board require adequate resources to process appeals. While, this is not the only solution, it is certainly part of it. It is estimated that VBA's total appeals inventory is roughly 360,000, of which roughly 65,000 are within the jurisdiction of the Board, and roughly 32,000 of these appeals are within the Board's physical possession. It is no understatement to say the appeals inventory is too large and this number continues to climb every day.    The fact that appeals keep rising suggests a mismatch in manpower needed to process the appeals at both the Board and regional office level. Also contributing to the growth of appeals has been VBA's reliance on the appellate workforce to process claims for disability compensation. VBA also relies on the appellate workforce in order to meet their 2015 goals of no claim pending over 125 days with 98 percent accuracy. This practice diverts personnel to focus on claims processing. VBA utilizes all available resources to achieve their 2015 goal, which contributed to a drastic increase in pending appeals.    Second, VBA's Decision Review Officer Program must be strengthened as it is one of the most critical and indispensable procedures available to appellants within the current appeals processing model. While an appellant elects the DRO option, it affords the option to resolve issues locally at the regional office level. For those appellants represented by DAV, our national service officers have direct access to decision review officers and often work with them to identify potential solutions to resolve appeals.    Given the critical nature of the DRO process, it must be strengthened and resourced adequately. Furthermore, the appellate workforce must focus their efforts on the appeal inventory and not repurpose to work claim-related initiatives. Unfortunately, VBA traded one backlog for another due to their all-hands-on-deck approach to realize the 2015 goals.    Third, Congress, VA, and stakeholders must look at innovative reforms to improve the appeals process. One innovation has become known as the fully-developed appeals pilot program. There is no one solution to remedy the problems facing veterans, dependents, and survivors within the appeals process. DAV, working together with Congress, stakeholders, VBA, and the Board believe that a good solution exists to offer relief for some with appeals. The FDA pilot program is meant to share some of the similarities and build upon the successes of the fully-developed claims program.    The FDA pilot would offer potential appellants a third option if they choose to file an appeal. They could choose the traditional appeals process. They could choose the decision review officer review process, or the FDA process. In the pilot FDA, an appellant would elect to forego several procedural steps within the current standard appeal processing model.    Some components of an FDA election trades the issuance of a statement of the case and hearings for quicker review of the record by the Board, allows an appellant to supply any additional evidence at the time of the election, allows for an opt-out option at any time up to the Board's ruling on the appeal, would preserve all due-process rights under the current appeal processing model if removed from the FDA, and has the potential to save roughly 1,000 days of appeal processing time.    An FDA election is not for everyone. It is not the cure-all to end-all. It gives some appellants another option by offering a safe bypass around some regional office processing requirements. It not only benefits veterans, their dependents and survivors directly by saving them up to 1,000 days of processing time, but would also relieve some of the pressure at the regional office level by diverting FDAs directly to the Board.    The FDA is still imperfect, but we continue to reach out to Congress and other stakeholders to assure that we arrive at a balanced, reasonable, and safe conclusion. We do want to acknowledge the efforts of Congressman O'Rourke, Congressman Cook, and their staffs for their work in the 113th Congress on the Express Appeals Act, which shares many similarities with the FDA proposal.    Finally, we also want to thank the subcommittee and your staffs for the willingness to listen to our input, recommendations, and concerns, and look forward to working together with you to approve the appeals process, for veterans, their dependents, and survivors, now and into the future.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Titus, and members of this subcommittee, thank you for allowing DAV to testify at today's hearing. I am prepared to answer any questions you or the subcommittee may have.    Mr. Varela. I will take that question.    Mr. Varela. Okay. All the way from the Board of Veterans' Appeals to the Appeals Management Center to every regional office, not only do they require the resources, which is manpower, to do the lifting, the heavy lifting right now, they also need to be focused on appellate work. When you divert the appellate workforce, which is marginal at best, to address all the appeals that are pending, what can we expect? We can expect a spike and an increase in the inventory. To constantly move them around and to constantly shift them around, we ignore the appeals, and that is just very harmful and detrimental to those in the pipeline.    The other would be to continue working on the FDA proposal, which has been mentioned several times during our discussion, with Congress bipartisan support and stakeholder input to insure that we arrive at a good and safe conclusion on that proposal.    Mr. Varela. Dr. Abraham, DAV and our independent budget partners, since the inception of the simplified notification letters, which is really what we are talking about today, have taken issue with those letters. And we believe that they need to be improved. There is certainly room for improvement there. What we would really like to see is VBA sit down with us in a working group and listen to what we have to say, take what we have to say to heart and listen to our recommendations to hopefully, without legislation, improve these letters.    To legislate better letter writing is going to be very difficult, and then to legislate it in a way that is understandable for the one-point-something million claimants that are filing claims that is going to be even more difficult, that everybody has that same level of understanding. We agree, they need to be improved, and we really want to work with VBA to see those improvements come to fruition.