    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank the gentlemen for being here. At nearly 30 million strong, small businesses are central to the U.S. economy. Responsible for two-thirds of net new jobs, they are the engine that drives the job creation. The State of North Carolina alone is home to more than 800,000 small businesses. Essential to their success is ensuring that their voice can be heard when it comes to Federal policy and regulation. This means not only reviewing regulations from a small-business perspective but also giving entrepreneurs a point of access to address their concerns.    And this is where the Office of Advocacy and the National Ombudsman play a critical role. During today's hearing, we will hear from both of these offices on how they are meeting their mandates and providing small businesses with a voice in the Federal Government. At its core, the Office of Advocacy works to reduce the burden of Federal regulation on small businesses through its implementation of the Regulatory Flexibility Act. In 2014, Advocacy achieved nearly $5 billion in annual savings for small businesses. By right-sizing regulations, small businesses are better able to focus on their core mission.    In addition to its regulatory work, Advocacy conducts research on small businesses. During 2014, it published 23 research and data products, exceeding its annual goal of 20 reports. I am interested in how it sets its research agenda and in what ways it is prioritizing research related to minority-owned businesses, which make up 15 percent of U.S. businesses and are growing rapidly.    The Ombudsman plays a complementary role to Advocacy, providing small firms with the ability to directly resolve complaints about the Federal Government. Such a mechanism is critical as small businesses lack the resources that larger corporations have to address such problems. And I am eager to understand how the Ombudsman is able to effectively handle its caseload, which reached a 6-year high last year. In addition, the Ombudsman is responsible for Regional Regulatory Fairness Boards, which provide small businesses with an avenue to raise concerns about Federal policies. Ensuring that these boards are filled can be a challenge, and I am hoping to hear an update on such progress, as well as efforts to increase diversity on these boards.    During the hearing, I am hopeful to hear what is working and what is not. Ensuring that these offices function effectively and efficiently is essential to leveling the playing field for small businesses. So I want to thank both of the witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to your testimony.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, gentlemen. In 2014, Advocacy published 23 research reports. One of my priorities is to increase research into minority-owned small businesses as a means of understanding the challenges that they face. Mr. DePriest, how do you determine these research priorities? And what type of research are you planning on for minority businesses for this year?    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you.    Advocacy received over $9 million in the recently enacted omnibus, with staffing making up nearly 90 percent of the office's budget. Mr. DePriest, do you believe that this funding is sufficient for the office to carry out its responsibilities?    Ms. ADAMS. Good. Most people want more. Advocacy and Ombudsman play different yet similar roles in supporting small businesses. They both provide a conduit for small businesses to raise problems with the Federal Government.    Admiral Gay, how do you coordinate with each other to ensure that your work is not duplicative? It sort of gets back on what maybe the chairman----    Ms. ADAMS. Okay. I was going to ask if you thought Congress should consider merging the offices, considering the overlaps. I guess your answer is no?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay. Then I would also, you know, as a connected question, would that result in better service to small businesses with better potentially lower costs?    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you very much.    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. DePriest, Advocacy is required to carry out the panel process at EPA, OSHA, and CFPB. Can you comment on what is working in this panel process and what can be improved?    Ms. ADAMS. One of the ongoing concerns with the Regulatory Flexibility Act has been the ability of agencies to continually forego the requirement in section 610 that require periodic review of the rules. Do you believe that this requirement should be strengthened?    Ms. ADAMS. All right. Great.    Admiral Gay, your office is responsible for operating 10 Regional Regulatory Fairness Boards, which are comprised of small-business owners. What challenges do you face in getting small-business owners to devote their time to serve on the boards?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay. So you have a process for ensuring that the boards are diverse in terms of minority businesses and their participation?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay.    Ms. ADAMS. Your office had in 2014 its highest caseload in 6 years, with 420 cases. Do you have sufficient resources, staff and otherwise, to handle this volume of cases effectively?    Ms. ADAMS. Great. Thank you very much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.