    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for letting me, you know, go a little late here.    Today's hearing obviously focuses on oversight failures at the Department of Energy's Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, or WIPP. And the incidents there raise broader questions about how to conduct effective oversight across the DOE and NNSA Nuclear Complex.    On this committee, there has long been bipartisan support for congressional oversight to ensure that DOE is effectively managing its contractors and keeping the nuclear complex safe. And DOE and NNSA have shown repeatedly that our continued oversight is needed.    For nearly two decades now, this committee, GAO, and DOE's inspector general have identified a wide array of safety and security issues facing DOE at NNSA sites. I was going to mention them. Some of them, perhaps all of them, have already been mentioned, but I did want to mention again.    In 2004, Los Alamos National Laboratory suspended operations after a student was partially blinded in a laser accident and classified information went missing. In 2006, a drug raid in a mobile-home park found a large number of classified documents that had been removed from an NNSA lab. In 2007, a GAO report revealed that NNSA weapons laboratory workers had faced nearly 60 serious accidents or near misses over the previous 7 years. In 2008, GAO found security and protection of weapons-grade nuclear material severely lacking at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory due in part to NNSA's deficient oversight. And then, in 2012, three trespassers managed to gain access to a secure area directly adjacent to some of the Nation's critically important weapon-related facilities at Y-12 National Security Complex in Oak Ridge, Tennessee.    This committee has held a number of hearings on these topics to understand what went wrong and what DOE and NNSA were doing to ensure this didn't happen again in the future. But now we find ourselves dealing with today's topic, which has been mentioned already, in February 2014, when WIPP experienced both an underground truck fire and a radiological release from a nuclear waste drum within a 9-day period, and operations at WIPP were subsequently shut down. The facility obviously has not reopened, and it may cost over half a billion dollars to make it fully operational again.    I just think it is an alarming record. The DOE and NNSA facilities guard some of the Nation's most dangerous nuclear materials, and for too long the DOE and NNSA have allowed mismanagement and oversight failures to continue, and we need answers today about how that will change.    Effective contractor oversight is a key component of those changes. DOE and NNSA rely heavily on contractors to carry out their missions' activities. In 2010, DOE changed its system for contractor oversight to be more hands off, and they planned to rely on the contractor assurance systems developed by the contractors themselves to catch problems and provide data for Federal oversight efforts.    In our 2012 hearing on the Y-12 incident, the committee concluded that DOE and NNSA needed to do a better job of overseeing their contractors. Yet here we are today with recent documentation from GAO and DOE's own accident investigation boards that contractor assurance systems across the DOE and NNSA complex may not be capable of identifying risks and weaknesses.    Obviously, we have heard the GAO, and I hope to hear concrete plans from DOE and NNSA for amending their systems for contractor oversight.    I just want to close by talking about how many billions of dollars we have spent to fix these repeated problems across the DOE. DOE's Office of Environmental Management and NNSA have been on GAO's high-risk list for a long time, largely due to their struggles to stay within cost and schedule estimates for most major projects.    Regarding what happened at WIPP, NNSA's written testimony today says, and I quote, ``The release, which was subsequently determined to have been avoidable, will be costly to fix and has left us without a transuranic waste repository for an indeterminate period of time,'' unquote.    The bottom line here is that, when these projects go off the rails, taxpayer dollars are at risk, and so are important projects that national security depends on. We need to make sure taxpayers' money is spent more wisely.    And I want to thank our witnesses and this panel.    You know, the committee spent decades doing oversight on these issues. Both of our chairmen and our Ranking Member DeGette have been involved in this for a long time, and we do intend to keep a close eye as we move forward. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    Mr. Whitney and Administrator Creedon, since 2002, DOE policies and orders have required that each DOE M&O contractor have a contractor assurance system.    In 2011, DOE sought to increase its reliance on these systems for oversight purposes; is that correct?    Mr. Pallone. OK.    Now, let me just read from the WIPP accident investigation report. It says, and I quote, ``Nuclear Waste Partnership, the contractor that packed the drum, has not fully developed an integrated contractor assurance system that provided assurance that workers perform compliantly, risks are identified, and control systems are effective and efficient.''    And then, I quote, ``The Los Alamos National Security Contractor Assurance System was not effective in identifying weaknesses,'' end of quote.    So, again, to both of you, why were valid risk systems not in place, and aren't they required to have them?    Mr. Pallone. OK.    Mr. Pallone. And they were required to have them?    Mr. Pallone. OK.    So let me ask Ms. Bawden, then, given these findings, the Accident Investigation Board made recommendations that M&O contractors, NNSA, and the Department put in place viable contractor assurance systems and improved field office and headquarters oversight of them. Your recent report, however, found that NNSA's efforts to do this across the nuclear complex has not been adequate or complete.    So if I could ask Ms. Bawden, weren't these contractors already supposed to have the contractor assurance systems in place?    Mr. Pallone. And what gives the GAO confidence that NNSA or EM, for that matter, can adopt the accident report recommendations on approved oversight, given the findings of your recent report?    Mr. Pallone. But what--you know, so, again, I will ask Administrator Creedon and Mr. Whitney.    I mean, I guess you've, you know, been kind of answering this question already, but, you know, why should we have any confidence that, you know, things are going to change?    Mr. Pallone. All right.    Let me just ask Mr. Whitney, you know, about the cost. I mentioned in my opening--there's only a minute left here.    How much is it going to cost to make WIPP fully operational again? And when do we expect that to happen? And what are we losing by shutting down WIPP for several years? How much is that going to cost the Department?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.