    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you and the ranking member for holding this hearing.    I want to welcome our witnesses. Thank you for the important input you've had and the advice. I read through your papers; very, very helpful.    This is a thorny issue, and as someone who's an advocate on behalf of Federal employees, this was a shocker. I do understand that the real issues behind this, though, I've had some experience sitting as a trustee on pension funds where we assumed years ago that would always have, you know, our target rate was 7 or 8 percent interest on our funds and actuarially we could sort of stay within those guidelines and we could provide the fine benefit pensions to people and we could project that out. Now, we're in an interest rate period where it's half that.    And so, Mr. Doughty, is that the core issue for you here in terms of--you're trying to project over a very long period of time. I know you're experience rating is different. You know, the expectations on long-term morbidity and all of that, but the fact that you can't--if you're putting this money in the market and getting return on your investment and it's so low, even over a long period of time, you cannot pay the benefits. Is that the crux of the problem?    Mr. Lynch. I notice, unlike John Hancock, a lot of other insurers have just gotten out of the business. They've exited. I think in the majority memo they said there were 100 companies doing this business not too long ago. And now they're down to 12 that are doing individual policies, and maybe a similar amount doing group policies.    So it's not an area where people are flocking to it. And as I understand it, the Federal contract that you've signed prevents you from getting any additional profit as a result of increasing the premiums. Is that correct?    Mr. Lynch. Well, I'm sure you weren't happy. But----    Mr. Lynch. Yeah.    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. I understand.    Mr. Lynch. Let me thank you for that. I understand you came forward, your company came forward and agreed to that. I think that at least eliminates the possibility that, you know, that there's gouging going on or anything like that, since you're not getting any additional profit by raising the premiums. But it doesn't help my constituents, the Federal employees who have to pay these premiums. And, you know, I hear the stories of Mr. Thissen and it puts a human face on this.    Let me just shift. Mr. Cohen, thank you so much. I love UMass Boston. They wouldn't let me in, but I jog around the bank along the water there. I actually did take a few courses there before I went to law school, so I appreciate it.    Let me ask you. You know, Mr. Connolly raised the issue of flood insurance. It's intriguing. And to encourage more--there are some key differences here, but to encourage more insurers to get into this line of business, would it be helpful to have a government backstop like we do in the flood insurance field where we--you know, we actually buy our subsidy. We do provide a lot of assistance to families who would otherwise not be able to afford flood insurance.    Mr. Lynch. Right.    Mr. Lynch. Yeah.    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. That's a good point. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. Mr. Chairman, I know I've exhausted my time. I yield back.