    Mr.  Russel. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, members of the subcommittee, thanks very much for your leadership in supporting strong U.S. relations with the East Asia and Pacific region. Thank you also for the opportunity to testify today about our progress in the rebalance and the relevance of the President's 2017 budget request.    And, Mr. Chairman, if I may in particular thank you for your tremendous leadership of this subcommittee and your strong support for our engagement in the Asia-Pacific. You will be sorely missed in Fiscal Year 2017 when this budget is realized.    This is also the last budget for President Obama, and so I would like to start with just a quick recap of what we think we have accomplished with your support over the last 7 years and the foundation that we think that we can lay through this budget for the next administration.    First, since security starts with friends, we modernized our longstanding treaty alliances with Japan, South Korea, Australia, and the Philippines, and we forged new security partnerships at the same time that we developed existing ones with partners like Singapore and New Zealand. This makes us much more effective in addressing both conventional security threats but also other threats such as countering violent extremism, blocking the flow of foreign terrorist fighters, preventing human trafficking, and other transnational crimes.    Second, to create jobs at home and to secure our standing in the region, we stepped up economic engagement, concluding the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement, revitalizing APEC, pursuing a new bilateral investment treaty with China, and most important, negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is a new kind of economic agreement that sets high standards for protecting workers and the environment while at the same time supporting job-creating small businesses and an open internet.    Third, we have helped build up the region's institutions and support rule of law and peaceful dispute resolution. Our investments in ASEAN and the region-wide East Asia Summit have renewed confidence in American leadership and strengthened the region's ability to deal with tensions like those in the South China Sea.    Fourth, we have engaged intensely with China, investing the time to get to know its leaders, to advance cooperation, and to put a floor under the relationship so that it can withstand tensions. While serious concerns in areas like human rights and China's behavior with regard to maritime disputes with its neighbors remain, we have worked toward cooperative engagement on areas like cybersecurity, on shared proliferation concerns with Iran and North Korea, global health, climate change, and others.    Fifth, we have upgraded relations with emerging partners like Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam. We have importantly supported the democratic transition in Burma and promoted democracy, good governance, and universal values and human rights as an essential element of our policy.    The support and the funding provided by Congress has of course been essential, and the $1.57 billion East Asia-Pacific request for 2017 builds on these accomplishments, including by addressing maritime security concerns and promoting economic opportunities.    The $873 million in foreign assistance request supports and expands on our objectives of regional security cooperation, advancing economic growth and trade, promoting democratic development, strengthening regional institutions, as well as addressing war legacies. The other $646 million provides essential increased funding for personnel, operations, and public diplomacy to meet growing demands driven by the rebalance.    Now, contested maritime claims in Southeast Asia and destabilizing actions such as Chinese land reclamation, construction, and militarization of disputed areas make it harder for countries in the region to resolve disagreements peacefully. And the lack of maritime domain awareness also encourages trafficking, piracy, and illegal fishing.    So the President's 2017 budget request will support our work with regional partners to build their capacity to maintain free and open access to the maritime domain through enhanced maritime security capabilities and maritime domain awareness.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to answering any questions.    Mr.  Russel. Well, Mr. Chairman, first of all, thank you very much for your heartfelt and kind words. And in particular, thank you for your personal travel to the East Asia and Pacific region. That really makes a big difference not only to your understanding and Congress' understanding of the issues but to our folks. So we thank you for that.    Thank you also for your comments about the men and women who staff our Embassies in the East Asia and Pacific region. We are in the people business, and as a bureau, we have made it a point of pride to seek out and attract and to develop the best people in the Foreign Service community.    We have throughout the lifespan of this administration consistently sought to fund the rebalance. We have sought and prioritized funding. And our foreign assistance budget, as Mr. Stivers mentioned, is up about 12 percent. Our overall budget compared to Fiscal Year 2015 is up about 11 percent.    We have also deepened our collaboration and coordination with partners, industrialized nations in the region, in particular such as Japan, the Republic of Korea, Australia, and outside the region like the EU in order to try to leverage our collaborative efforts to promote our agenda.    It is quite true that other regions may have more trouble, more crises, and more countries, and that accounts for some of the disparity between the regions. But like you, I argue that we have by far and away the best people.    Mr.  Russel. Well, Congressman, we are working to try to improve access to international information to the North Korean people. It is quite true that possession of CDs or thumb drives is a punishable offense in the DPRK, and we are concerned about not putting either third parties or the North Korean people themselves in immediate physical risk.    Nevertheless, the North Korean people are benefiting from a range of programs, including Radio Free Asia and the work that we are doing together with the Republic of Korea.    Mr.  Russel. We work to provide access to information for the North Korean people directly and with our partners in the     Mr.  Russel. That is correct.    Mr.  Russel. Foreign assistance budget, that is correct, sir.    Mr.  Russel. I am aware of it through----    Mr.  Russel. Congressman, my answer would be that the East Asia and Pacific region is a larger export market for U.S. exports than Europe is, than Canada or Mexico is. And the----    Mr.  Russel. Our strategy is to invest in U.S. national interests. And the U.S. has a national interest in tethering itself to the most dynamic economic growth region on planet Earth, East Asia and the Pacific. We derive phenomenal benefits not only in economic and commercial terms but also in security and other aspects from our sustained investment in the Asia-Pacific region.    Mr.  Russel. No, I----    Mr.  Russel. No, Congressman. I think that there is a compelling case for why the U.S. national interests, both economic and security, rests in intensified engagement with the Asia-Pacific region. This is a part of the world that is demographically growing at an extraordinary rate, that is a major consumer of American products, that is receptive and attracted to the American brand that is moving steadily in the direction of universal values that America has championed----    Mr.  Russel. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. The U.S. is a Pacific nation, and our future is inextricably intertwined with the growth of the Pacific region. The good news is that, both for demographic and for economic reasons, the trend lines are by and large good in Asia. Poverty has diminished dramatically, GDP, economic growth, internet penetration, education, women's rights, human rights, civil rights. There are some very, very positive trends and developments, much of which can be attributed, I believe, to the leadership exercised by the United States in championing universal rights but also in providing a security climate that allows for that economic growth.    And the stability and the security of the Pacific region is a vital U.S. national interest. It is not a luxury item. And we would, as you pointed out, ignore it at our peril because this is the ounce of prevention that spares us the many pounds of cure that would be required to try to influence events if we weren't present in a credible and influential way.    The economic and the security pieces go hand in hand with what our companies do. I have discovered from traveling in the region again and again that the American brand is very much a function of the way that our companies operate with respect to rules and investment and growing people and in fairness. We are giving people in the Asia-Pacific region hope, we are giving them opportunity, and they are repaying us with good governance and open markets. It is a bargain.    Mr.  Russel. Mr. Chairman, there is a tremendous hunger in the Asia-Pacific region for sustained and continued U.S. presence and U.S. leadership because the stability and the predictability that we have provided over the last 6 plus decades has enabled citizens in the region to build the kind of life that citizens everywhere seek.    I think that with respect to the question that the ranking member asked about the South China Sea, the answer lies in one word: Rules. It is not about the rocks; it is about the rules. And we profit when we live in a rules-based world. We suffer and I would add we will spend a hundredfold in seeking to claw back the space in which we can exercise our rights if we let it slip through our fingers, if we don't continue that investment.    Building a rules-based system in the Asia-Pacific region benefits the United States in a very direct way, and whether it is with respect to security and the peaceful resolution of maritime disputes, ensuring that the rules apply equally to big countries and to small, or whether it is with respect to trade, TPP, of course we believe, should be ratified by the U.S. Congress not only because of the issue of U.S. credibility but because it is such an important strategic opportunity. Forty percent of global GDP is represented by the 12 partner countries. We are looking at the majority of the world's middle-class consumers living and working in the Asia-Pacific region in just a matter of a few years.    Whether or not we operate in a transparent, high standard, rules-based environment in the Asia-Pacific is going to be a determinant of whether the American people benefit and whether the American economy flourishes or not.    Mr.  Russel. Well, Mr. Chairman, we have an FMF request on the order of $86.6 million that provides funding for a variety of maritime security intitiatives and improvements among our partners and our allies. Much of this is oriented at capacity-building and maritime domain awareness.    The coastal countries in the South China Sea want and need to have the ability to monitor what is transpiring in their environs and their territorial waters and in their EEZs. And frankly, seeing what is going on is helpful in avoiding crises and avoiding incidents and accidents.    We are supporting their efforts also with an eye toward their ability to respond to disasters and humanitarian assistance, given the number of climatic incidents and typhoons and so on.    The goal, as you alluded to, Mr. Chairman, is not to create an advantage of one claimant over another. We have no interest in that, and that is not what we are about. What we are seeking to do is to ensure that the countries adhere peacefully to the rule of law and, importantly, take no actions to abridge universal rights and international legal principles like freedom of navigation, freedom of overflight, unimpeded lawful commerce. That is a U.S. interest. It is a universal interest and a universal right that mustn't be abridged. That was the rationale behind the visits by Secretary Carter.    The FMF programs that we are putting forward in our request directly complement the Department of Defense's Maritime Security Initiative. We consult and cooperate closely and anticipate that we will be able to ensure that the two programs dovetail as we move forward.    Mr.  Russel. Well, the U.S. engages directly with the 10 members of ASEAN. Of course, we also engage with China and other neighbors in the region through a series of platforms, the preeminent one being the East Asia Forum. President Obama has made it a point throughout his Presidency to attend on an annual basis, and he importantly hosted the 10 leaders of ASEAN in February in an informal summit in California, which allowed for a day-and-a-half of in-depth conversation on a range of economic and security issues.    One thing that came through loud and clear is the shared conviction among all the leaders that the economic imperative to promote and sustain stability in the Asia-Pacific region is a common responsibility. We discussed things that each country, both claimant countries and non-claimant countries can do. We also discussed the importance of direct engagement and dialogue with China.    President Obama met with President Xi Jinping on March 31 here in Washington on the margins of the Nuclear Security Summit, and had a very, very direct discussion of our concerns and our interests with respect to the South China Sea.    We still have a long way to go. The pattern of behavior by Chinese forces and actors remains troubling. But I believe that we have a real dialogue with the Chinese, and that they have heard us loud and clear.    Mr.  Russel. Well, we continue to engage on an ongoing basis with the national and the local authorities in the Philippines on a range of good governance programs. And I am sure Mr. Stivers can build them out. We think that the Philippines has made progress under the leadership of President Aquino in strengthening the rule of law throughout the Philippines, but we still see a considerable amount of work yet to be done.    Mr.  Russel. Well, with all due respect, Congressman Sherman, I will leave the issue of currency to the Department of the Treasury and I will stay out of the predictive business. But----    Mr.  Russel. The Japanese Government has----    Mr.  Russel. Well, what I will talk about is America's national interest, and we have a national----    Mr.  Russel . Interest----    Mr.  Russel. I categorically reject the assumptions that underlie your question, Congressman.    Mr.  Russel. What we have done and the effort that I have been a part of is to create a transparent and high-standard agreement that opens the door for U.S. businesses to----    Mr.  Russel . Trade----    Mr.  Russel . With lower tariffs----    Mr.  Russel. Congressman, I have a very----    Mr.  Russel. Congressman, I have a very robust toolkit of diplomatic resources, but underhanded chicanery does not----    Mr.  Russel . Number among them.    Mr.  Russel. Congressman, I am proud of America's record as an advocate for democracy, and I am proud of the TPP agreement that this administration has negotiated.