    Mr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Dr. Benishek.    I appreciate you all being here today. You know, my concern, I think everyone's concern here is that the veteran get care. And I think we get hung up on a little bit of optics. As someone coming from private practice, I guarantee you every member of my 26-doctor group would have been glad within our practice to have a sign up front that said we are VA providers and have the VA logo there. We just don't happen to practice within the walls of the VA and in part because it is a mess to deal with from the bureaucracy, and you can't be productive in the way that you can in private practice for a variety of reasons and we won't go into that.    But even recently in hearing, you know, VA officials were saying, oh, we are seeing more patients than ever before. That is because they increased the number of doctors and expanded their hours, but they didn't get more productive. And when you are in private practice, you have got to maintain the quality if you want people to keep coming to you. That doesn't exist in the VA, although I think we have some great providers. So I am not knocking them, but the system makes it very difficult to be productive.    So I am going to ask you, do you think there is an optical problem? And I don't like when we keep saying non-VA providers and I think we should just say that they are VA providers. They just happen to be outside the wall of the VA. And in that case you give people a choice on where they want to go.    And when you talk about lack of specialities in different areas, well, that exists for everybody and people make a choice on where they live. Some people move close to a hospital because they have a heart problem. I mean, those are choices people have and we can't expect the VA, just because you are a veteran, have every speciality follow you around wherever you happen to live. So people have to make choices like that, whether they are veterans or not, that is just the reality of things.    So my first question is, should we stop calling these providers non-VA providers like they have got some stigma? And do you think that veterans really really feel that they have to be within those walls to get proper care?    Mr. Wenstrup. But there would still be that link.    Mr. Wenstrup. You know what? that veteran who is sick doesn't care. They want to be seen and they want to be taken care of. They are not saying, oh, you do research here? They don't care about that. It is about getting the veteran taken care of.    And so anyway, I am just going to move on from there because I want to make a point of something that we have discovered through this Committee when there was a study done. And you talk about costs and we have got to be concerned about costs, but a well visit to an average primary care doctor is about $85. Pay the copay if they want to go outside the VA. Guess what we discovered it costs? Because, see, no one in the VA talks about what it costs for your physical plant, your insurance, your supplies, your staff, your administration, they don't even know what that is until this study was done. It is about four to $600 per patient visit to go to the VA. We can't do that forever and it doesn't make any sense.    When you send someone outside the VA and if they want to go there, if they want to go there it may be $85 and the VA is not picking up all the malpractice and everything else and I think we have got to consider that. And I want the veterans to have a choice, but as a provider, you know, I would say, hey, I am a provider for Blue Cross/Blue Shield, United Healthcare, the VA, whatever, I am a VA doc.    And I think we have got to break that stigma and really look at what we are doing, so the patients do have a choice between going to the VA, going outside it if that is their preference, but really, start to look at the dollars and cents of what is taking place within the VA where it costs way too much to see a patient.    And I yield back.    Mr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Doctor, I appreciate your approach to this and I think you are trying to find the best practices and you are keeping the veteran and the patient in mind as much as anything else, and to have that continuity of care.    And I will go back and I am speaking from my personal experience as a practitioner and from those that I know are still out there every day that want to take care of veterans in their private practice or some that give one day a week to go to the VA. Their frustration at the VA is, you know, I spent all day and I operated on two people, if they had been part of my system here, I could have operated on eight veterans today and with the same results.    So I think you get that and understand where we are going. And I think you are headed in the direction where you see that the VA has to make those types of changes too, and try to get it to be more of a balanced type of system and not so drastically different from one another.    Can you comment on any efforts in that direction?    Mr. Wenstrup. And to that point, one of the complaints that I hear is, well, I am seeing patients now but, you know, I am waiting forever for pay.    Mr. Wenstrup. Whether it is hospital systems or private practice and that is very frustrating. And there is people that do this all the time and maybe they should be doing it and not within the walls of the VA, taking care of those claims, it might be more efficient and better. I don't know if you have any comments on that.    Mr. Wenstrup. No, I appreciate it. And I think that the more that you approach those difficulties, if you will, the more you will see excellent providers in the community taking care of veterans and they want to anyway, and I think that that will be a win-win for everybody. So thank you.    I yield back.