    Ms. Edwards. Good morning, and welcome to our distinguished witnesses today. I want to thank Chairman Babin for calling this hearing.    You know, on October 4, 1957, 59 years ago next week, the Soviet Union stunned the world when it launched Sputnik I into outer space. That launch, marking the first time a manmade satellite was placed into Earth orbit, caught Americans by surprise and indeed sparked fears that the Soviet Union might also be capable of sending missiles with nuclear weapons from Russia to the United States.    Not long after, Congress passed legislation establishing the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The agency's budding space program became important in America's efforts to demonstrate U.S. preeminence and technological prowess over the Soviet Union.    To that end, President John F. Kennedy stood before Congress on May 25, 1961 proposing that ``this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal before this decade is out of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth.''    Following a series of interim achievements that demonstrated NASA's ability to dock and perform extravehicular activities in space, the space race ended with the successful July 20, 1969, Apollo 11 landing of the first humans on the Moon. How different would today's world be if NASA had not responded to President Kennedy's challenge?    And now, almost 50 years since that historic event, some are asking if we are again in a space race, but this time with China. Two weeks ago, China successfully placed in orbit its Tiangong-2 experimental orbiting space lab, and that accomplishment comes on the heels of China's landing a robotic rover on the Moon, with plans announced to do the same on Mars.    So should we be concerned that China may be closing the gap in spaceflight capabilities? Well, today's panel is well qualified to address this question. In particular, I look forward to hearing about China's pace of progress in exploring space and how our track record fares in comparison.    I'd also like to know if the recent success of China's space program is due to its ability to stay on course. In addition, I'd like to get the witnesses' views on what they believe the goals and objectives of the Chinese space program are and what impacts other domestic priorities have on the conduct of their space activities. So I look forward to hearing the panel's views on whether the U.S. should seek greater cooperation with other space-faring nations, including China, and what challenges we face if we choose to do so.    And just in closing, and in reference to the Chairman's statement, you know, I think that there's a lot of blame that can be passed along Pennsylvania Avenue from one end to the next for the uncertainty, for the contrary priorities and confusing priorities across Republican and Democratic Presidents and Members of Congress, and in my very short eight years on this Subcommittee and on this Committee, I've witnessed that conflict in priorities, and I think that as Democrats and Republicans here in the House and the Senate that we would do our nation well and our nation's space program well for the future to make sure that we set down priorities that put us all on the same page when it comes to our priorities for space exploration, engage our international partners, and commit the resources across Presidents, Republicans and Democrats that it's going to take to get the job done.    And so I look forward to hearing from our panel today about those and other priorities, and with that, I yield the balance of my time.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you very much to our witnesses today.    I want to start with Dr. Lewis. The National Academies' Pathways to Exploration report recommended that NASA should vigorously pursue opportunities for international and commercial collaboration in order to leverage financial resources and capabilities of other nations and commercial entities. The report goes on to say an international collaboration would be open to the inclusion of China and potentially other emerging space powers in addition to traditional international partners.    Notwithstanding existing prohibitions on NASA's ability to engage in bilateral cooperation with China, do you agree with the National Academies' recommendation?    And then after you answer, I'd like to turn to Mr. Shea, because in your testimony, you point to some of the public relations wins that China has achieved, making it look like the resistance to peaceful kind of cooperation and scientific cooperation is--rests with the United States. And so Dr. Lewis first?    Ms. Edwards. Mr. Shea?    Ms. Edwards. Save the day.    Ms. Edwards. Dr. Lewis--thank you. Your report titled ``Space Exploration in a Changing International Environment'' states that the international environment for space has changed significantly. You pointed to that in your prepared testimony. Can you expand on that environment? And then the report also goes on to state that the new environment necessitates the development of a new framework for international cooperation. What would such a framework look like given the end of the operational life of the International Space Station in 2024?    Ms. Edwards. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.