director for Africa in Washington, DC.    Before returning to headquarters, Mr. Tomaszewski spent several years living on the African continent and managing various projects for IRI, focussing on political party strengthening, local governance, and civil society development, youth and gender initiatives and civic education in many African countries. He has also worked for two Members of Congress including on their campaigns.    Mr. Nii Akuetteh serves as the founding executive director of the African Immigrant Caucus. He has lived in Nigeria and contributed to the strengthening of democracy across West Africa.    He has also founded the Democracy and Conflict Research Institute, an NGO that focuses on fighting dictatorship and repression in Africa. Mr. Akuetteh worked on a anti-apartheid movement in the U.S., which led to the sanctions imposed against apartheid South Africa.    He has taught at Georgetown University and served as the editor of a quarterly journal on U.S. relations with Africa and the Caribbean. Gentlemen, thank you.    I now invite our first witness, Mr. Nackerdien, to give his opening statement.    Mr. Nackerdien. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, on behalf of the International Foundation for Electoral Systems, I deeply appreciate this opportunity to discuss U.S. electoral support in sub-Saharan Africa.    Since 1997, IFES has worked in more than 145 countries worldwide to support inclusive citizen participation and credible elections. In many parts of the world, IFES works with its partners, IRI, and NDI, and the Consortium for Elections and Political Process Strengthening, commonly known as CEPPS, on democracy, human rights, and governance programming.    With support from USAID and several international partners, IFES has supported electoral processes across the subregion with 11 active programs in Burkina Faso, Cote d'Ivoire, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Mali, Nigeria, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.    Mr. Chairman, in the last decade policy makers worldwide have come to understand that elections are much more than just election day and this has resulted in an important shift in the policy process.    I draw your attention to one of the poster boards that I've brought along, particularly the colored wheel. It's commonly referred to as the electoral process and today we understand the process to break down into three broad phases--namely, the pre-electoral, the electoral, and the post-electoral period.    Typically, this process often runs 3 to 5 years and is a lengthy endeavor. Mr. Chairman, elections have been described as the biggest logistical exercise a country can undertake during peacetime.    In most African countries, this exercise is done by a single election management body operating independently from party influence.    If one takes the example of Nigeria, which is the poster board just being turned right now. For the 2015 polls the Independent National Election Commission employed more than 12,000 permanent members of staff and more than 700,000 temporary staff.    All of these helped serve more than 6 to 8 million citizens that had to be registered, that had to be verified and they had to cast a vote on election day.    This huge logistical and political exercise cannot be executed overnight. INEC was preparing for this since 2011, 4 years in the making across the electoral cycle.    This work was done in close partnership with organizations like IFES and all this occurred under the threat of attacks by Boko Haram.    Mr. Chairman, IFES believes the following four areas are pivotal when it comes to election assistance. Number one, due to the complexity of organizing an election, targeted resource support must take place early in the electoral cycle--several years before election day.    Number two, just as we combat extremism on a regional basis, so we should invest regionally in capacity building and building in particular election networks among election professionals.    Number three, working with civil society is equally essential. Civil society plays an important role in the electoral cycle not only for carrying out civic and voter education activities but also for holding governments and electoral institutions accountable.    Number four, in recent years DRC funding has either been redirected toward other priorities or has been increasingly divided across smaller sub parts, leaving decreasing investments for election and political process programming.    IFES believes that the U.S. Government should reverse this trend, amplifying investments in election assistance as a cost effective way to pursue additional development objectives.    Mr. Chairman, the electoral cycle approach can make election international assistance seem never ending. However, three critical points of exit or graduation from support do exist.    Technical sustainability is considered the easiest to achieve. It describes a time when a country requires no further external assistance for the conduct of elections.    Financial sustainability is the second component and the second hardest to achieve. This is achieved only when the funds for elections are derived from in-country sources. And lastly, political sustainability is the most difficult to achieve.    It is based on the legitimacy of the entire process as well as the institution when both the outcome and the process are viewed as credible by all stakeholders both foreign and domestic.    Mr. Chairman, a number of critical upcoming elections in Cote D'Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gambia, Ghana, Kenya, and Zambia will help shape democracy on the continent.    We respectfully recommend that the U.S. Government prioritize electoral assistance that is locally contextualized, is inclusive of women, people with disabilities, ethnic and religious minorities and other underrepresented groups, develops local expertise and consistently invests early and throughout the electoral cycle.    Such assistance will not only facilitate Africa's navigation of very difficult times but might prove foundational to improve development outcomes in women's empowerment, health, economic growth, and food security.    Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, thank you for this opportunity to testify. On behalf of IFES we are honored to partner with the U.S. Government and Congress, international aid organizations, our CEPPS partners, and of course the people of Africa in support of a more democratic and prosperous continent. I'm happy to answer any questions stemming from my testimony. Thank you.    Mr. Nackerdien. Thank you. We talk about the electoral cycle and getting involved early. I think one of the great benefits of having more democracies on the African continent is the fact that it's actually quite predictable.    We know in Tanzania there will be an election in 4 years' time.    Mr. Nackerdien. We know in Ghana the election is happening now but it will happen in another cycle and we can plan accordingly. In many of the countries where we've had tremendous impact it's where we've maybe been 10, 15 years and it's not with a huge amounts of funding that might be required in places like the DRC where the infrastructure is low.    But it's in places where we're able to sustain through innovative programming and working at the core with different groups whether it is with election commissions and helping them develop their process and building trust or with political parties or with civil society organizations, systematically building capacity and ramping up over a period of time, not just 6 months before the election. We talk about the electoral cycle but there's a predictability about elections often crafted constitutions and that's what we must work with.