    Mr. Gohmert. This hearing will come to order. I would like to start by thanking our witnesses for being here to answer questions on the President's Memorandum entitled, ``Mitigating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment.''    Mr. Gohmert. As we all know, this President has not been shy with his use of, as he says, his telephone and his pen. His liberal use of those implements, and his willingness to play fast and loose with executive authority, necessitates a close inspection of his policies made outside the legislative process.    In this particular case, the President issued a memo directing the Departments of Defense, Interior, Agriculture, the EPA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and all agencies within them to develop a ``clear and consistent approach'' to mitigate the impacts of the projects they approve. Such a goal is not particularly troubling at all; but I believe we have broad consensus that when an impact is made to our natural resources, the party responsible has the obligation to reclaim the site of development in a conscientious manner.    However, the Administration has not shown much, if any, desire to actually develop our resources. We have made tremendous strides in the production of energy in the past decade, not because of this President, but in spite of his policies, and, most importantly, the blessing of viable energy options on state and private land.    At the earliest moments of this Administration, we were blind-sided with the cancellation of leases important to the sustainability of rural communities, a number of which are in my district. Shortly thereafter, we saw a 20-year moratorium on the development of some of this Nation's highest grade uranium, when all of the science, and some might even say a consensus, said it was safe to produce. Political pressure won; and, yet again, the country and rural communities lost out.    These are just two examples of a pattern that has brought us here today with less than a year remaining in this president's no-energy policy. It isn't to say I am suspicious when this Administration says they have a new way to increase the efficiency of permitting and development, but I honestly have no reason to take them at face value. It is too bad that our instinctual reaction is to look for ulterior motives; but after 7 years of disappointment, disingenuity, and failure, it is warranted.    Today, we have invited three witnesses from the Administration. Not only are we permitting them to sit on their own Federal panel, apart from non-Federal witnesses, as they consistently request, but they are the only witnesses.    It is important to note that the regulations needed to carry out the policies of this Memorandum are currently being written, but it is fair for us to ask in which direction they are headed and how the policies will be implemented. That being the case, we look forward to hearing from our constituents as these new policies become public in the coming months, to see if what is produced is consistent with what this qualified panel explains.    I would like to see policies that promote efficient development of our natural resources and provide for their appropriate mitigation, but what this Congress cannot accept is another unilateral expansion of the executive branch and the influence of land managers outside their own fiefdoms.    Mr. Gohmert. So, I look forward to your testimony today.    At this time, I recognize the Ranking Member, Mrs. Dingell, for her opening statement.    Mr. Gohmert. I thank the Ranking Member. At this time I will now introduce our witnesses.    Ms. Christy Goldfuss is the Managing Director of the White House Council on Environmental Quality; Mr. Michael Bean is the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for U.S. Fish, Wildlife, and Parks at the Department of the Interior; and finally, Mr. Brian Ferebee is the Associate Deputy Chief of the National Forest System at the U.S. Forest Service.    Let me remind the witnesses that, under our Committee Rules, oral statements must be limited to 5 minutes, but your entire written statement will appear in the hearing record.    When you begin, the lights on the witness table will turn green. When you have 1 minute remaining, the yellow light will come on. Your time will have expired when the red light comes on, and I would ask you to please conclude your statement at that time.    Your written statement will be made a part of the record, regardless of whether you finished or not.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. Goldfuss for her opening testimony.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. At this time, the Chair recognizes Mr. Bean for his testimony.    You have 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Excuse me. Would you mind moving that microphone to where you are speaking into it more directly? That would be very helpful. Thank you.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you very much.    At this time, Mr. Ferebee, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Ferebee. At this time, I will begin the questions for 5 minutes.    Ms. Goldfuss, the Memo in issue here today tells agencies to use landscape and watershed-scale planning when considering mitigation. How do you plan to define what constitutes Federal landscape or watershed?    Mr. Gohmert. OK. Well----    Mr. Gohmert . The question was how were we going to define it?    Mr. Gohmert. So, you send out the Memo, and you use the terms, ``landscape'' and ``watershed''; and you are going to let everybody who gets the Memo define those the way they want to, seriously?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, see, that is one of the concerns that some of us have. Normally, and especially from someone that has handled felony cases for years, we want specificity in the law, so we know the limits of the government, the limits of where it is going. When we see vague, ambiguous language, or words that have not been defined in the law, and there seems to be an abundance of those type of words, it seems like sometimes, in this Administration, people are looking for words that have never been legally defined, so that the sky can be the limit.    That is one of the concerns here with the use of ``watershed'' and ``landscape.'' Whose landscape are we talking about? What extent of landscape are we talking about? And, the fact that you would lay it off on the other agencies causes me even more concern, because, holy cow, you are not being finite in what you are designating in your Memo should be done.    When you leave it to each agency to just brainstorm and come up with what you think the watershed or the landscape--what does it feel like today? Maybe one agency feels one way one day, and differently the next. I would suggest that if you are going to use language that is vague, ambiguous, and not otherwise legally defined, then somebody needs to define it before you send instructions out to the agencies.    Was the purpose, Ms. Goldfuss, to make it intentionally obtuse, so that people would use their own definition and, perhaps, go beyond the normal Federal limits?    Mr. Gohmert. OK, but in any of those statutes do they use the term ``Federal landscape'' or ``watershed'' in describing what should be considered for mitigation?    Mr. Gohmert. So, when this Memo is constructed, you are telling me you do not want to be bound by any statutes or laws; you want to just go ahead and start fresh and create a new horizon? That is what it sounds like. That is really scary for people that are concerned about the over-reach of the government.    Mr. Gohmert. The Memo calls for ``large-scale plans and analysis'' to inform the identification of areas where development may be appropriate or ``where natural resources values are irreplaceable.'' Does the Administration's budget request include this direction? What is the estimated cost?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, who came up with those words?    Mr. Gohmert. Who came up with the words, is the question.    Mr. Gohmert. Who came up with the words?    Mr. Gohmert. So----    Mr. Gohmert . They are the ones that previously used the terminology I have been asking about. You got it from these other agencies, put it in your Memo, and nobody has accurately defined that. Is that what I am hearing?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, that was not the question.    Mr. Gohmert. It is where the language came from. My time has expired for this round. At this time I would recognize the Ranking Member for questions.    Mr. Gohmert. All right. I thank the Ranking Member. At this time the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. All right. Time has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Polis, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. At this time the Chairman of the Full Committee, the gentleman from Utah, Chairman Bishop, is recognized for 5 minutes.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Ferebee, if I could I ask you a question. According to CEQ's testimony, this Memo is not a regulation and it is not a new requirement. I don't really know what it is, then, but it is not a memo or a new regulation.    But as you develop policies in your agencies to be responsive to this Memo, will the public be able to distinguish this non-regulation from an actual regulation in the way it is going to be enforced?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, at this----    Mr. Gohmert. We will not ask for a definition of the word ``good.''    Mr. Gohmert. But instead we will recognize the former Arkansas Razorback football player, Mr. Westerman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. The time of the gentleman has expired. I will recognize the gentleman from the land and party of Lincoln, Mr. LaHood, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. All right, thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. At this time, I will begin a second round.    Mr. Bean, you had indicated earlier the importance of consistency and transparency. So, in the name of transparency, would you tell us what stakeholders that your agency collaborated with during the development of this Memorandum, and what stakeholders you will consult with as you develop the regulations to implement the mitigation policy?    Mr. Gohmert. OK. So far you have not answered my question at all. What stakeholders did your agency consult with----    Mr. Gohmert. Yes.    Mr. Gohmert. So----    Mr. Gohmert. Are you telling us that in preparation of the development of this Memorandum, that you did not consult with any stakeholders?    Mr. Gohmert. But I am talking about specific stakeholders that you consulted with about----    Mr. Gohmert . Revising those----    Mr. Gohmert. So you feel like there is enough expertise within your agency that you can just come out with memorandum and policy without consulting any of the people involved, any of the stakeholders, any of the landowners----    Mr. Gohmert . Any of the----    Mr. Gohmert . State and local government, that you can come up with a policy that will not improperly or adversely affect them unnecessarily by consulting just the people----    Mr. Gohmert . In the little bureaucratic office?    Mr. Gohmert. So, again, you are telling me all Federal agencies, but you are not telling me anybody--not state, local, landowners--that you have consulted with about something that is going to have a powerful and potentially devastating effect on people as you go forward with your policies.    Let me move over. Ms. Goldfuss, again, in following up on Mr. Bean's mention of transparency. We know, for example, historically, that John Adams told Thomas Jefferson, ``You do the first draft of the Declaration of Independence, you are the best writer we've got.'' He did, he did it alone, and he gave it to John Adams. John Adams was blown away it was so good. Apparently, he made no changes, they both showed it to Benjamin Franklin. Franklin made some interlineations, and I understand they may actually have the original that he wrote on.    With regard to this Memo, who was it that did the first draft?    Mr. Gohmert. OK, so----    Mr. Gohmert. Then maybe you can share with us which stakeholders you consulted.    Mr. Gohmert. Do you have specifics, there----    Mr. Gohmert. But specifically, who were the stakeholders you consulted?    Mr. Gohmert. And you cannot tell me anybody specifically?    Mr. Gohmert. But----    Mr. Gohmert. Oh, OK, OK.    Mr. Gohmert. Specific industry, did you say, or just industry in general, everybody?    Mr. Gohmert. I know, you have mentioned----    Mr. Gohmert. Well, that is pretty vague. Environmental groups, what environmental groups?    Mr. Gohmert. All right. I am shocked. Shocked, I tell you. And with that I will yield 5 minutes to the Ranking Member, Mrs. Dingell.    Mr. Gohmert. Without objection.    Mr. Gohmert. Without objection.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. Just one more brief line.    Mr. Ferebee, memos are supposed to be with regard to legislation and clarifying matters of legislation that are in effect, or if there is some deficiency that has been gleaned from the enforcement of existing legislation. And I am curious. Do you know what deficiency in the Forest Service existed that may have necessitated this Memorandum?    Mr. Gohmert. So, the Forest Service was not being specific, you were just generally vague in the way that the Forest Service was doing their job, so you needed somebody to come in with a vague memorandum to tell you how to do it?    Mr. Gohmert. Is that what you are saying? Because the question was, ``What was the deficiency in the Forest Service that necessitated this Memo? ''    Mr. Gohmert. So, all these years we did not have an adequate framework for mitigation? That is what you are saying?    Mr. Gohmert. The Forest Service used different mitigation in different mitigation situations?    Mr. Gohmert. So that I understand, the Forest Service then, because you were unable to be consistent when it came to mitigation, did you request this Memorandum from CEQ?    Mr. Gohmert. I am not sure I understand. Were you seeking guidance and basically asking for a memo like this?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, but that----    Mr. Gohmert. Seeing value is a whole different issue. I am trying to understand what necessitated the Memo, and you are telling me your mitigation practices were inconsistent. So, I am wondering if that spurred you on to request of CEQ that they give you a memo that you could use because the Forest Service was just not doing a good job of consistency in mitigation. Is that what we are finding out here?    Mr. Gohmert. OK, so you did request the Memo.    Mr. Gohmert. OK. So you began conversations prior to the Memo, which led to the need for the Memo. Is that what you are saying?    Mr. Gohmert. I am just trying to figure out what spurred this on, and what deficiency in your agency might have spurred this on and also, as I asked, whether or not you sought or asked for guidance through a memo like this. And you said you did not ask for it.    Mr. Gohmert. OK, so you----    Mr. Gohmert . Notified CEQ, ``We are just not doing a good job of consistency on mitigation, so give us something that will help us, because we cannot police ourselves without a new memo'' ? I really want to know what it was that spurred this thing on.    Mr. Gohmert. But that is the value----    Mr. Gohmert . After you get the Memo. I am talking about what led up to it.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. I ask the Ranking Member be recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. OK.    Mr. Gohmert. I thank the Ranking Member specifically, and thank our witnesses for being here today.    Members of the committee may have additional questions that they would submit to you in writing. Under Committee Rule 4(h), the hearing record would be held open for 10 business days for these responses, and if there are additional questions, we need to get the answers within 10 days.    Seeing that, if there is no further business?    Mr. Gohmert. Hearing none, without objection, the committee stands adjourned. Thank you.