    Mr. Higgins. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for this opportunity to discuss CIA's continuing cooperation with the committee's investigation. I apologize in advance for my cough.    Since the committee's creation, CIA has enjoyed a positive and productive dialogue with the committee and its staff. As of last Friday, CIA had fulfilled all of the committee's requests to date. Specifically, since last June, CIA has certified the committee's secure workspaces, granted access to sensitive compartmented information for 15 members of the committee staff, reviewed roughly 40,000 pages of State Department documents for CIA equities, and, through the Director of National Intelligence, provided the committee with finished intelligence products relating to Libya during the period in question.    Last Friday, CIA began production of more than 1,000 highly sensitive documents requested by the committee. I understand committee staff will begin reviewing those documents tomorrow.    With regard to committee requests to interview current or former CIA officers, we will work with the committee to respond to such requests in a timely fashion.    Working with classified information and interviewing covert employees can pose unique challenges for congressional oversight. We are committed to providing the committee with access to the information you need while safeguarding intelligence sources and methods.    We look forward to continuing our dialogue in the weeks ahead, and I look forward to your questions today.    Mr. Higgins. No, sir. Thank you for the question.    And I absolutely understand your frustration and the committee's frustration. Producing these materials has taken longer than you consider acceptable and certainly longer than we anticipated, as those emails from November and December suggest.    If you bear with me, let me see if I can explain the delay----    Mr. Higgins. I will do so as quickly as I can. Let me see if I can explain the delay.    The committee first requested access to these documents on November 14th, one of the emails you referenced. Other events overtook that request. The committee revisited the issue on December 8th, asking to see the documents during the week of December 15th.    At that point, those of us in contact with the committee, as those emails again suggest, felt that it should be a pretty straightforward process of delivering to you the materials that we have previously produced to the House Intelligence Committee.    During this time, while we were in contact, our staff most familiar with the Benghazi-related documents had been working on the State Department document request, reviewing those 40,000 pages for CIA equities. When we asked them to prepare our own documents for delivery to the committee, they made three discoveries.    First, they discovered that the documents we had provided to HPSCI and HPSCI had returned to us were very disorganized, speaking to Mrs. Roby's previous point. They were not in chronological order or any logical order.    Second, they realized that the documents did not comply with the limited redaction criteria that we have previously discussed with this committee's staff directors.    Third, they learned that CIA had not kept an exact soft copy of what had been produced to HPSCI. So what that meant was that we had to go through a fairly time-consuming process of identifying the matching soft copies for the hard copies of thousands of pages that we had produced to HPSCI, pairing them up, implementing the limited necessary redactions that we had agreed with the staff directors, and then sorting them in chronological order. And we have run into technical problems with Bates-numbering them, but we are hoping that they will all be able to be Bates-numbered, as well.    Mr. Higgins. Yeah.    Mr. Higgins. It----    Mr. Higgins. Our internal goal was to finish it by--our internal goal was to finish it by this Friday. We did accelerate that timeline----    Mr. Higgins . To meet the hearing deadline. But we had planned to finish the process I described, as bureaucratic and cumbersome as it sounds, we had planned to finish that by this Friday at the latest.    Mr. Higgins. And I apologize for the delay in----    Mr. Higgins. Absolutely.    Mr. Higgins. It certainly appeared simple on its face, and we discovered it was more complicated than we thought.    Mr. Higgins. Yep.    Mr. Higgins. Yes, sir. And we actually just received today the committee's request to speak with CIA witnesses, and we will do so.    Mr. Higgins. I would hope so.    Mr. Higgins. Absolutely.    Mr. Higgins. Yeah. We will commit to working with you to make the clearance process work as smoothly as possible.    I am happy to explain in more detail, if you like, the various--what CIA's limited role is in the clearance process and why it has taken as long as it has in a few instances.    But the bottom line is we will work with you to clear individuals as quickly as possible.    Mr. Higgins. Usually, when clearances have taken longer than we would like or you would like, it is because necessary information to adjudicate staff access to sensitive compartmented information, which is the limited piece that CIA does, was not provided, and we either had to come back to the committee or go to our interagency partners.    We have worked through that. I think our security officers and the committee's security officer now have a good understanding of how we can move clearances forward in an expeditious fashion.    Mr. Higgins. No, I have not.    Mr. Higgins. No requests independent from the request that we received this morning.    Mr. Higgins. The resolution does carve this committee into House Rule X, which establishes the Intelligence Committee's authorities over intelligence sources and methods.    Mr. Higgins. I would be happy in a classified setting to discuss the materials that CIA has provided as well as the limited set of redactions that we are implementing pursuant to conversations with this committee's staff directors.    Mr. Higgins. We had a team that we sent down to the State Department to review. These were materials that had previously been produced in part in unclassified form with redactions. We sent a team down to review the redactions, see which redactions could be lifted.    As Mr. Rubin indicated, the documents are now less redacted than they were previously, in part because other agencies, like CIA, lifted their redactions. Again, any remaining redactions that are CIA redactions are pursuant to discussions that we have had with the staff directors here.    Mr. Higgins. I can't speak to that, sir, I am afraid. I am not sure which other agencies----    Mr. Higgins. Between our Office of Congressional Affairs and our Office of General Counsel, we have people that we have designated to review Benghazi-related documents. So we actually sent people to the State Department; they didn't send the documents to us.    Mr. Higgins. That is correct.    Mr. Higgins. That is correct. Again, I would be happy to provide more detail in a different setting. We have discussed that with the staff directors from both sides.    Mr. Higgins. There may be times that emails in the State Department's possession do include CIA information that would speak to intelligence sources and methods.    Mr. Higgins. Or between, say----    Mr. Higgins. I wouldn't--I can't speak as to----