    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Dr. Dillingham, for being back with us. It is good to see you again. I want to start with you to follow up. I know a lot has been discussed with regards to the ODA program, and it is my understanding that one of the biggest problems that we have is really with FAA engineers and specialists getting involved in the certification process, and essentially getting involved when the ODA has already authorized or conducted their review and duplicating efforts. And so in other words, the ODA is doing their job, and yet the FAA is retaining some of that work; is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. So that is reoccurring? It is not just one stakeholder. It is multiple stakeholders that said that?    Mr. Meadows. So would you suggest more training on the FAA so they can understand the role of the ODA then? Because if it is a cultural change and you are saying that they are--they have got boundary lines that they are crossing over, how do we make sure that that happens in a very fast and effective manner so you don't lose out the competition from overseas?    Mr. Meadows. So you have issued the regulation. So is the training actually happening or not? Because it is one thing to write a regulation; it is another to implement it.    Mr. Meadows. So critical path means delays in certification, delays in the process, and losing money?    Mr. Meadows. So if I would ask the stakeholders to give you a grade on your implementation, A through F, what would the stakeholders give the FAA in terms of a grade?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So how do we move it from a C overall and an F in some cases to an A or a B? Because it really is not about a grade. It is about competitiveness, it is about profit, it is about keeping market share, and really when you look at certification process, somebody is going to do it. It is either us or we are going to lose out to other competition, so how do we move that during this reauthorization, how do we address that effectively?    Mr. Meadows. Well, as we go through this process--my time is expired, but as we go through this process, this is something that we will be looking at very acutely and very keenly, and so as you look at it, we look for specific recommendations on how we can address that. And I thank the chairman, and I yield back.