    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. At this time, Mr. Farr, he is ranking member of the Agriculture Subcommittee, and he has a hearing that he needs to be in presently. So I am going to yield to him, and allow him to go first.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Secretary, Dr. Clancy, and the other panel members. Your fiscal year 2016 budget request includes $140.8 million for the Veterans Claim Intake Program, which is a continuation of a scanning program that began scanning in September of 2012.    I have a couple of questions about this. First, how many scanning contracts does the V.A. have for that program? And second, how many documents are scanned per month, and what happens to the documents after they are scanned? And then once the document has been scanned, how long does it take to get the completed package to a claims processor?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you. So when do you think that decision will come?    Mr. Bishop. All right. I recently read that VistA is no longer in contention to use by DOD for the electronic health records, which is not surprising, because it was clear that DOD historically has wanted nothing to do with VistA. What steps are being taken to make sure that whatever system that DOD chooses, this will be able to share information with it?    I know that this is well before your time, Mr. Secretary. But as you know, the veterans department and DOD were directed to develop an electronic health record system. And can you tell us why it has been so difficult to achieve?    Mr. Bishop. May I just interrupt you for a second? Didn't we in Congress, both the authorizers and the appropriators, direct DOD and V.A. to use one system, as opposed to two systems?    Mr. Bishop. It is my understanding, though, that the system that you are using prohibits the manipulation of the data. So basically, it is viewing only. So it is not really interoperable, because, you know, a doctor at V.A. can't manipulate the information there, so that is not very helpful in what we are trying to get to. And we really instructed both DOD and V.A. to have one seamless system.    And of course, this was before the Secretary's tenure, both departments seemed to have backed off from that and just said, ``Well, we wanted interoperability.''    But it just makes no sense to me. And I have continued to really labor over the question of why it is that DOD and V.A. want to have stovepipe systems that is just going to allow them to view it.    Mr. Bishop. Why couldn't both departments have one system? And if you have outside care, have the outside providers certify it to utilize and to enter that system with secured access so that only people who are authorized can enter the system? But if you have one system, everybody is going to access. It is simple.    Mr. Bishop. I understand that.    Mr. Bishop. I understand that.    Mr. Bishop. I am just not convinced that the technology can't be fashioned to accomplish that. But my time is up, and I will come back a little later.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I want to turn to some parochial issues.    I have heard that some V.A. hospitals are looking at converting their energy supply to gas from electricity and understand that the Atlanta V.A. is studying a possible conversion.    Apparently, any type of conversion could cost a significant amount of money in capital cost. What is the thought process and analysis of this decision?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you.    During our last conversation, you mentioned that there has been 18,000 square feet of space at Martin Army Community Hospital that would be allocated for a V.A. clinic. There was to be an initial allocation, as I understand it, of 10,000 square feet followed by 8,000 square feet a month later.    As you know, this is something that I have been asking for years, a co-location with DOD and V.A. clinics. Can you provide me an update as to the status of the transition?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.    Finally, we talked at length about the selection of a V.A. clinic in North Columbus, Georgia and the questions of the process utilizing the selection of the site.    Have you been able to find out anything in regard to the property selection there, and if it is truly the best location that will service the veterans in the Columbus, Georgia,--Alabama and surrounding areas?    Mr. Bishop. It is my understanding that there is no public transportation that will go to that site and that there are very few veterans that actually live in that area, that the central city location would provide much greater access with public transportation and that there are facilities there that are already constructed as a part of the Columbus regional medical complex.    So I am trying to understand how they came to the conclusion that that was the best location.    Mr. Bishop. Yes. Yes, I don't know what the problem was, other than that the specifications when they put the request for a proposal out excluded that particular geography where there was a tremendous medical complex in existence that had excess space.    It was already wired for all kinds of emergency transportation, for specialty services and the like.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for yielding.    I believe that the inspector general plays a vital role in ensuring the programs that are implemented actually work and that the funding is spent wisely. The I.G. last year, I think, was tasked with the difficult work of investigating the scandal in Phoenix, about which we were all appalled.    In response to this investigation, which uncovered numerous issues, Congress moved forward on historic legislation, including the Veterans Choice Act, that would improve access to health care for veterans across the nation, which was signed into law in August. While this is an essential first step in addressing the systemic issues that are facing the Department of Veterans Affairs, there is still a lot of work to be done.    And as we move forward, it is critical that the inspector general have the necessary resources to conduct aggressive oversight to ensure that veterans are able to receive the health care that they need when they need it. It is vital that we change the culture that has been so infested within the V.A. and to make sure that it doesn't resurface.    No matter what steps the V.A. takes to address the challenges that it faces, it will not be able to move forward if we don't have proper oversight. So I commend you for the work that has been done over the last several months, but there is a lot yet to be done to repair the trust that has really been broken with our veterans and with the American people for the veterans--the V.A. system.    So I look forward, Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, to working with the department to eliminate the issues that are raised by the I.G.    And I thank you, and I will yield back.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lee has got some exigencies, and so I am going to, if the chair would allow me to yield to Ms. Lee and let her go ahead of me out of turn?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Let me go back to your budget document for a moment to try to follow up on an earlier statement that you made about the backlog. I think an OIG review found that the VBA's 2013 special initiative to expeditiously complete disability claims pending more than 2 years was not effective, and the initiatives allow use of additional ratings to process claims while awaiting receipt of requested supporting evidence was less effective in quickly providing benefits to veterans than were the existing rating procedures.    And you said although the complete provisional claims still required a subsequent final rating decision, they were omitted from the VBA's inventory of pending cases, understating VBA's total workload and its progress in eliminating the claims backlog. So basically, what I would like to get clarification on is whether or not when you take--when you eliminated the pending cases, did that increase the--did that distort the number of claims that were still unresolved and still pending?    Mr. Bishop. Which is really troubling to us, because, you know, we are really, really struggling to get a handle and to hold the agency accountable on the numbers. It just seems like the numbers are ambulatory, they just move all over the place.    And we have to have some real metrics so that we can track and we can hold the agency accountable so we can exercise our oversight duties.    Let me ask you something about your budget request now. You mentioned that the return on investment was five-to-one, I think, in your testimony, in terms of recovery.    The budget document seemed to suggest it was three-to-one, so that was--that kind of jumped out at me. But I find it interesting that the funding level is flat, because you actually do provide a return on investment of significantly more than has to be expended.    Can you explain the different ways that the money is recovered and how it should be invested back into V.A.? And if it were reinvested and you are generating that kind of return, why is it that you are not able to utilize that for additional FTEs in order to carry out your responsibilities?    Because, I mean, you are definitely a great asset to the taxpayer and to the agency. You are conserving resources and recovering resources.    Mr. Bishop. Yes. It is in the budget----    Mr. Bishop. I think it was the recoveries that were three-to-one.    Mr. Bishop. I guess my question is you are struggling for a lack of resources. You don't have enough FTEs. You are generating significant recoveries.    Do you have the flexibility, or does the Secretary have the flexibility, to utilize some of these recovery resources to supplement your FTEs, or do you need to come to us for additional authorities to do that?    Mr. Bishop. So from the recoveries, though, does it come back to you or does it go back to the department?    Mr. Bishop. The whole department of the----    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much.    I know that your office has a role of counsel, and I.G. has a contract compliance role. Is that a before-the-fact or only an after-the-fact role? Does that particular counselor in your office actually oversee the negotiation of the contract to make sure the parameters are appropriate, or is it only an after-action review at the end of the day?    I am concerned about that, to find out whether or not and to what extent your office knew about what was happening in Denver and how early it was known? I understand that this is under investigation and may be involved in litigation, and there may be some limits of what you can and can't say. But from the procedural perspective and our oversight, I would like to have some idea of how early your agency or your counsel was able to get involved in these kinds of things, because as I understand it, this contract was very unusual in that they were--they said for X number of dollars this contractor agreed to build to whatever specifications that V.A. wanted.    And apparently that was fine until the change orders started to come in. I am trying to understand how there was such a tremendous gap, why it took so long for somebody to recognize that the expected expenditures and the ultimate needs were going to be--there was going to be such a big gap.    Mr. Bishop. I am particularly interested in this construction, though.    Mr. Bishop. You couldn't look at it if it is in court?    Mr. Bishop. I understand the judge would decide, but I am saying if it is in court, but you still should have the opportunity to be able to review the documents and the status of the case and have access to the court records, shouldn't you?    Mr. Bishop. I understand that, but I am just saying for purposes of planning and for purposes of understanding what took place, and to be able to intercede at the earliest possible moment to stop it from reoccurring in another instance--in another similar instance--it seems to me that the sooner you can get access to that information, whether it is in court or under investigation, whatever, the better it will be for the department.