    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First I want to commend the chairman and the ranking member for all the hard work, and the committees that worked on this. You know, there are a lot of good things on this bill, but there are some things I just can't live with.    First, I represent part of Newark Airport. For my constituents, noise is a big issue. And I would like to follow up on what my colleague, Mr. Lipinski--in terms of flight patterns. I mean we not only have problems with airplanes, I got problems with helicopters in my district. And I have been fighting the flight patterns of these helicopters for over 2 years.    So, I was just wondering. Who do I turn to when I have all these issues? And why does it take so long if you have such an issue? Is it going to take longer now, if you privatize this? Because, as it is now with the FAA, it takes a long time to get things changed. So I was just wondering if anybody can answer me.    Mr.----    Mr. Sires. But on this board that makes all these decisions that you are going to have with this privatization, there are no consumers on that board, right? Are there any consumers on the board? Does anybody know?    Mr. Sires. How did we come up with four members of the airlines, anybody know?    Mr. Sires. I mean it seems like an awful lot.    Mr. Sires. But, I mean----    Mr. Sires. Would you say you move 2 million people a year? Is that what you said to me?    Mr. Sires. A day?    Mr. Sires. And don't you think they should have a couple of seats in there?    Mr. Sires. You are not going to give up seats in the future. That is not--you know, whatever the progress takes us--you know, whatever the process takes us, I don't think anybody is going to give up seats.    Mr. Sires. Mr. Rinaldi, are you comfortable that when you are negotiating you are prepared to negotiate with a corporate structure, rather than the current structure that you have now to negotiate?    Mr. Sires. And are you comfortable? You said now you have a 27-year low in the number of----    Mr. Sires. Air traffic controllers.    Mr. Sires. Are you comfortable that, with this new structure, you are going to be able to build that number?    Mr. Sires. Because----    Mr. Sires. And I would just--I don't have time to ask questions, but I would like to make an observation. Everybody keeps throwing Canada into our faces, whether it is health care or whether it is this bill. I mean Canada--what, 40 million people? It is a lot easier to set up a system for 40 million people, especially a health system for 40 million people than for 300 million people. So, you know, we have a lot more flights and a lot more complicated systems here than Canada does. And this is the safest.    And I must compliment the air controllers. I mean I have been to the tower in Newark. I think I would have a headache right after an hour working in that place, you know, these little things going on the board there. And as far as the airlines, you do a great job. But I wish you will think of people being taller than 5 foot 2 inches. I mean I have no room in my legs for any of--you know? That is not a knock on you.    Mr. Sires. No, that is not a knock on you, I am just 6 foot 4 inches.    Mr. Sires. Thank you very much.    Mr. Sires. Thank you for your time, sir.