    Dr. Gehin. Thank you very much, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and Members of the Subcommittee. It's my honor to be here to provide this testimony on the Energy Innovation Hub integrated research approach.    CASL was the first Hub established by the Department of Energy in July 2010. It's currently completing its first five-year term. It consists of 10 core founding partner institutions from academia, national laboratories and industries led by Oak Ridge National Laboratory.    Our focus is on innovations in nuclear commercial power generator, specifically the advanced modeling and simulation of nuclear reactors. CASL's vision is to predict with confidence the performance of nuclear reactors through comprehensive science-based modeling and simulation technology that is deployed and applied broadly throughout the nuclear energy industry to enhance safety, reliability and economics. CASL is capitalizing on advancements in computing and is helping retain and strengthen U.S. leadership in two key mission areas of high-performance computing and nuclear energy.    CASL targets R&D in technical areas that have been selected as significant current industry challenges where modeling and simulation can provide meaningful advancements, particularly to help achieve increases in operating power, life extensions and higher fuel utilization. Many of the CASL developments are focused on key phenomena that limit power generation and so they can improve operations. Similarly, a significant benefit can be achieved through further life extensions by ensuring that reactor life-limiting components can meet their design requirements for longer operating periods beyond the current license renewals.    CASL's integrated research model is based on establishing an organization with outstanding researchers with a clear and agile research plan. Let me point out a few of the key features of this integrated model: central integrated management decision making and program integration, strong science and engineering applications and design leadership, independent oversight and review by an external board of directors, science and industry councils for oversight, review and advice, an agile work process based on 6-month planning execution periods.    In order to achieve our research goals, CSL is developing a virtual reactor that we call VERA, which stands for the virtual environment for reactor applications. Our key research accomplishments in the development of VERA include creating a comprehensive Hub environment that supports a large team of researchers working on developing, testing and deploying VERA, the virtual reactor; developing computational methods and computer codes for all key physics needed to model reactor operation; applying VERA to several--to simulate several nuclear power plants including the Watts Bar nuclear plant near Oak Ridge, which is designed by Westinghouse and operated by TVA, both partners in CASL; and coupling of physics software components and models with initial applications providing integrated simulation capabilities not previously available.    The key metric of the success of CASL's modeling and simulation capabilities is deployment to nuclear industry where these tools can be used. In order to achieve this, we have strong engagement with our industry partners and a broad connection with private industry through the integration of more than 50 additional contributing partners. CASL also relies an industry-led industry council with over 25 members from the broader nuclear energy and modeling simulation industries.    VERA has already been deployed in industry engineering environments through CASL test stands. This includes, for example, the use of VERA at Westinghouse for simulating the AP-1000 reactor to confirm their own engineering calculations. In CASL's second five-year term, VERA will be expanded beyond pressurized water reactors to support boiling water reactors, which represent the remainder of our current operating fleet. We will also consider future light water reactor designs including small modular reactors.    In conclusion, Energy Innovation Hubs represent an effective research model that enables CASL to conduct basic and applied research for critical energy application. Through the Hub model, CASL has tapped into DOE advanced computing strengths and nuclear energy research capabilities. We have taken advantage of the best and brightest university researchers and we have integrated decades of industry experience and expertise. This highly integrated, focused R&D partnership has demonstrated accomplishments at a rapid pace, notably including successful deployments to several industry end users. As the first Energy Innovation Hub, CASL has clearly demonstrated that this research model can be a very effective method to deliver targeted research and rapid solutions to address complex issues.    Thank you very much.    Dr. Gehin. Thank you very much for the question. So in a life extension of a reactor, you need to consider the aging of the materials, and so this is being done for the current 20-year life extensions. What we're interested in is informing the next 20-year extension which, as you have noted, 60 to 80 years. So it will not impact the current--CASL will not impact the current license renewal, which is already in process.    When you look at the extension to 60 to 80 years, there are critical components in the reactor that can't easily be replaced. One of these is the reactor vessel. There's others that are concrete and other materials.    Dr. Gehin. It's cost prohibitive. It's very--it would be very invasive to extract the vessel, or the reactor vessel, which is right in the center of the reactor. So it's not deemed as being cost-effective to replace.    Dr. Gehin. Yes.    Dr. Gehin. And so--but the integrity of that vessel is really very important, of course, for safety and operation reasons so it's important to look at its integrity, and which was done extensively, and renewals. What we're doing in CASL by using our supercomputing capabilities is be able to do a very precise calculation of the neutron interactions on that vessel. So the vessel surrounds the fuel and so neutrons, you know, move around in the core, hit the vessel, and affect its material properties. So by being able to better follow the operation of the reactor over its lifetime and calculate the neutron interactions in a better way, three-dimension, higher fidelity, you can combine that improved material models that are being developed to understand the condition of that vessel and ensure that it can be extended another 20 years.    Dr. Gehin. Yes.    Dr. Gehin. You know, they load the fuel, and it might take, you know, a day or two to become critical and then there's an escalation of power over a couple days, and then the intention is to operate at full power. Critical means operating exactly steady state power. That's where you want a reactor to operate for 18 months. That's the goal. Then you shut down for refueling.    Dr. Gehin. So the goal in achieving criticality or steady state operation is to have a self-sustaining neutron chain reaction, and so you get neutrons that are produced by fission and you have those in balance such that they cause additional fissions that create more neutrons so you maintain a steady state.    Dr. Gehin. Well, you know--so when you reach criticality, you are impacting the fuel. You're depleting the fuel. You're irradiating the vessel, irradiating the components, and most importantly, generating power, which is the whole reason you're doing this. So while you're doing that, you do not know the full three-dimensional distribution of fluids on the vessel. You make measurements in selected locations to confirm the material behaviors is as expected. But what we can add with CASL is a lot more detail on what can actually be measured.    Dr. Gehin. Yeah. They insert what's called coupons. They're metal samples that they can then take out of the reactor and interrogate. So one thing is really important. Simulation alone can't provide this information, simulation combined with this type of data and experiments that can give the complete picture.    Dr. Gehin. Yeah.    Dr. Gehin. Yes, and the tools we're developing are based on more fundamental principles than typical design tools so they'll accommodate different material--consideration of different materials. It's particularly valuable in scoping calculations, what if we did this, how would it perform, so you could down-select the most promising concepts that you could then take forward. You know, this is looking at fuel designs and how you operate the reactor can give you a lot more additional information.    Dr. Gehin. Close. Gehin.    Dr. Gehin. Gehin.    Dr. Gehin. Yeah, so that's a very good question. I think, you know, my response will be, we need to look at both. I mean, we have a large current fleet generating a lot of clean, low-cost energy that the safety record is quite good on. And so CASL's goal is to improve upon that, so--and I think we're doing that as well.    There are other--there are other advanced reactor concepts. DOE is doing research on these with expectations of deployment later on in this century. And so hopefully that will be a possibility. CASL's, though, focus is, we have the existing fleet of 99 reactors. We're going to be adding five more. Let's operate those the best that we can and get all the benefits that we can.    Dr. Gehin. No, it wasn't me.    Dr. Gehin. Yeah, that's my understanding, although that's technology that the Navy protects very closely, but, you know, they put a lot of effort in the design of those reactors to ensure that they're safe.    Dr. Gehin. Yeah, so thank you. It's very exciting to have these two reactors coming online in the South. I'm from the South so it's great to have that more power there.    I also point out, Southern Company is part of our industry council we've got interactions as well with the folks working on that plant as well, Westinghouse, the designer of that plant.    You know, the AP-1000 design has been worked on by Westinghouse and evolved and very rigorously reviewed through, you know, the NRC licensing process, and so it has got a well-founded safety basis. It enhances the safety of our current fleet, incorporates lessons from Fukushima. So I think these are very impressive designs, very safe reactors. So I would not hesitate living near a reactor like that.    As far as CASL, CASL insofar as the timing was not in place to impact the licensing. AP-1000 received its design certification several years ago, and the construction operating license was in place several years ago. But what we are doing working with our Westinghouse partner, applying our tools so they can actually use these to compare to and confirm their own results and help improve their tools for future operations and when those reactors start up so they have more information. So we expect there will be usefulness from our tools going forward but they've not played a direct role in the current licensing of those reactors.    Dr. Gehin. So Watts Bar One came online in 1996. Watts Bar Two which was started, you know, a couple decades ago will be online next year, and so these will be the second reactor online in this century in the United States.    Dr. Gehin. You know, so one of the areas that we're focused on helping, and it's broader than just CASL, is the economics of nuclear power. It does provide low-cost economics but in competitive markets with variations, it can be rather difficult. You know, it's not a--it has a technical aspect that we're working on to reduce the operating costs, fuel costs. There are other non-technical areas as well that probably need to be addressed. This works very well in the South where there's a regulated electricity market where you can plan long-term, so that's why you're seeing these built in the South. I think continue to improve the economics, improve the benefits that we're getting from it but also looking at some of these non-technical issues might be worthwhile.    Dr. Gehin. Yeah, you know, as far as I know, you know, there are some plants that have been shut down in the United States. I don't--I wouldn't attribute necessarily that shutdown to safety concerns. There have been issues that have resulted in economic evaluation to not, you know, address like replace stream generators or address steam generator issues. When you do the economic analysis, you find out, you know, the business decision is not to do that. These could be addressed. They could have been brought back but the economic decision was not to do so.    Dr. Gehin. So we're expecting, and we've already done this to some degree, of having capabilities that we're deploying to industry for their use in the short term. We've done that in the first five years. We will continue to do that with our renewal.    With that said, there are--these technologies require sustainability. We're looking to that as far as through our industry partners and other means of maintaining something that we develop so we don't lose it as soon as the Hub ends. We're looking towards industry to do that because they're the ones who will take this technology forward.    Means of performing additional research is uncertain at this time. I think we'll learn things that will lead to additional questions and insights that could be carried forward but our current approach is within the ten years have expanded simulation capabilities that we can hand off and have those be applied in a reactor operation.    Dr. Gehin. You know, so the--so that's a very good question. So I think industry is very interested in this. I think where the value comes in with the government-sponsored research is enabling this through the tools that we've already invested in advanced computing, the leadership-class computing capability that we have, the fundamental science, speaking to Ms. Clark's question, taking some of the basic technology we have and improving that national investment into our reactor systems. So I think it adds value to things that they're already motivated and doing that they wouldn't otherwise do or have access to.    Dr. Gehin. Not at the scale that we're doing it with the science that we're using.    Dr. Gehin. Well, they already are, so one thing that's important to understand about the Hub is, or at least Hub, is that the industry partners cost share. So they're already making investments into the Hub through cost sharing and data that we could otherwise have access to.