    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is a great panel, and I want to commend Ms. Lidback for your work and also a young couple starting in the agriculture industry, that is commendable, and you say you have two kids, 2 and 3. Really, if more kids could grow up on the farm, it would be great for our country I believe.    I want to kind of look back for a little perspective. Back in 1950, my understanding is the national corn yield was 50 bushels to the acre. In 1975, 40 years ago when I started farming, my goal was to have 100 bushels an acre. And now we are pushing 200 bushels an acre here nationally. Anything under 150 bushel would be considered a disaster. I know Land O' Lakes is shaking his head there.    And it was pointed out, this change from 1950 to 1975 where we doubled the production, I always contend it is from figuring out soil nutrient fertility, also hybrid selection, natural hybrid selection, and then I would contend from this period forward now where we have pretty much doubled the yield again, it is because we have been able to select the genetics in a faster way like Dr. Federoff says. We have been doing it for thousands of years or at least from our perspective, 100 years or so. So we have been able to identify those genes and do it exponentially in the lab. So it is really no different. So that is one of the reasons why the scientists say it is safe, because we know what those genes are. We can identify them. But the benefits, we are growing--we are having 14 billion bushels of corn crops a year now annually on less acres. Every year it is less acres. So it is really a food security issue. The American farmers have provided the food for this country, and we also export \1/3\ of it. It is a food security yield but it is about yields. And if we didn't have what has happened in the last 25 years of this yield, we would be having food shortages. Do you agree with that, Mr. Policinski?    Mr. Gibbs. Yes, you say that. In my 40 years now--I just figured it out. It has been 40 years since I have been farming. The crop protection, the herbicides we used back then, had residuals. They didn't break down. They weren't biodegradable. The crop protection we are using now is virtually--a lot of them don't have any residuals. I tell people that come to my farm, it is interesting. You see my neutral soybeans out there, and we have to--we do a burn-down application before we plant, and then sometime in June, we come through and we apply a herbicide again, but we have to time it in such a way that it is done right before, to kill those weeds that came up, and then when the soybeans, you get this canopy to provide the shade so that new weeds won't come because there is no protection if we miss that timing.    And so we are using safer herbicides, and we are increasing the yield and also protecting the environment that way.    I would also go on to say that I agree with all of the panelists of the voluntary aspect because better than 80 percent of the grain grown in this country--was mentioned--is genetically modified in the lab. Even though it is natural selection, it was just done in a lab in my opinion. You would have to label everything if it is mandatory, genetically modified, which just scares consumers and it puts this country at a risk of food security. And it hurts the environment in the long run because we go backwards.    So I support voluntary labeling. If a producer out there can find a niche market--I am sure there is a market out there. We see it in organics, and they can demonstrate that it hasn't been modified in the lab, that they can have that market. But they can put on there that it is not--I would say artificially modified--I don't know what the term is--versus naturally hybrid selection like we did back in the 1960s and 1970s and the 1980s.    So I want to commend you all for your testimony. Dr. Federoff, go ahead.    Mr. Gibbs. Well, I thank you and the panelists and your good work. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. Mr. McGovern, for 5 minutes.