    Mr. Connolly. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman, and welcome to our panel.    Mr. Rademaker, does Congress get to declare what is and it not a formal treaty pursuant to the Constitution, in your experience?    Mr. Connolly. Correct.    Mr. Connolly. Correct.    Mr. Connolly. Correct. Thank you. So my friend from New York can decide on his basis that something constitutes a treaty but actually the Constitution is kind of vague about that. I mean, we don't have a formal definition.    Mr. Connolly. Yes, sure.    Mr. Connolly. Of course.    Mr. Connolly. You work it out.    Mr. Connolly. Correct.    Mr. Connolly. Now, with respect to that issue, are there in fact lots of executive agreements with foreign countries not formally ratified by the U.S. Senate?    Mr. Connolly. Lots?    Mr. Connolly. Many?    Mr. Connolly. Right.    Mr. Connolly. Correct. So it is hardly unprecedented. We might all express an opinion about the desirability of it being submitted to us for formal approval as if it were a treaty. But that is a different matter.    So to assert that it is violation of the Constitution is in fact on its face false because the Constitution is silent as to what constitutes a treaty and I think--I thank you for your answer.    It really requires the President to take an action to submit as if it were a treaty to trigger that provision and I might even agree with my colleague that it ought to be considered as a treaty but that is, frankly, immaterial and it is not a violation of the Constitution, though we might say otherwise.    My colleague--another one of my colleagues said a little earlier in this hearing, ``The President is doing the U.S. a great disservice engaging in negotiations.'' Mr. Albright, is it your position that be are--we have made a mistake just to even engage with them?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Rademaker?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Duelfer?    Mr. Connolly. Okay. Thank you.    One of the criticisms, and I am not unsympathetic to it, is that the agreement in front of us or the framework of the agreement that will be in front of us does not address a whole panoply of issues we care about with respect to Iran.    So everything from human rights violations to intrusive insurgent support for elements we don't support in the region to internal democratic issues to freedom of the press, freedom of expression, on and on.    Is it your position, Mr. Albright, that a nuclear agreement ought to be all inclusive with respect to bilateral issues?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Rademaker?    Mr. Connolly. And yet, I would just say to you I couldn't agree with you more. I think in an ideal world I would love to work out all those issues.    But right now the big issue on the table is we don't want a nuclear Iran and we got to start somewhere. We haven't talked to each other, virtually, since 1979 and well, it is a matter of opinion whether we are better off with this agreement than no agreement and that is a perfectly legitimate subject for debate.    But the idea that it ought to be all inclusive, which seems to be some of the criticism one hears from the critics, I think, you know, in an ideal world, yes. In a practical world, no. I mean, we can't--I wish we could do that but we can't.    Mr. Duelfer, would you agree or not?    Mr. Connolly. Do--and final question because I am going to run out of time, the interim agreement that is still operative right now are we better off with that or would it have been better not to enter into it? Mr. Albright, Mr. Rademaker, Mr. Duelfer? And I yield back.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you. Mr. Rademaker.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Duelfer?    Mr. Connolly. I can't hear you.    Mr. Connolly. Yes. But I mean--but if we hadn't--but nonetheless are we better off with this interim agreement than if it had not come into existence?    Mr. Connolly. Yes.    Mr. Connolly. Tough call. And finally, Mr. Chairman, before I yield back I just want to note--we haven't had a chance to get into this but that is another question. How do we hold together the coalition to enforce sanctions if we walk away from this agreement?    I have grave reservations about whether we can hold P5+1 together. We may want to keep the sanctions and even double down on them. I am not sure our partners would. Mr. Chairman, thank you.