    Mr. Curbelo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here this morning. I want to especially appreciate the Department's focus on English language. It was a major priority for me and the reauthorization, and you have certainly made some comments with regards to ELL students here today, but I want to ask you today about students in foster care. The Department has been active on this topic in recent weeks and I have had two specific questions, the first on the proposed regulation and the second on the guidance issued this morning.    The statute clearly lays out a process for school districts and child welfare agencies to develop an agreement for paying transportation costs for students in foster care who remain in their schools of origin. Contrary to that language, the proposed regulations require school districts to pay for transportation costs with no mention of the process established in the statute. Please explain why the Department ignored the statutory text and is proposing to require school districts to cover transportation costs.    If you do not think the Department ignored the statutory language, let us know how this provision complies with the clear language in the statute. And again, I think this is an issue where the legislation, the intent is for States to have the flexibility to work this out with their own agencies, school districts, and child welfare agencies.    Mr. Curbelo. So you believe that, ultimately, States will have that flexibility where the child welfare agencies and the school districts can collaborate and figure out amongst themselves how the transportation costs will be addressed?    Mr. Curbelo. Well, thank you, Mr. Secretary, and I strongly encourage you to pay attention to the feedback and this comment period because I think it is pretty clear that all over this legislation, we have been focusing on State flexibility, trusting States and local communities to make the best decisions for these kids. And I think especially when it comes to kids in foster care, which we all want to make sure that they have access to a quality education, we want to give the States the opportunity to figure out the solutions that work best for the kids in those States and in those communities.    So thank you again for your presence and your time here this morning. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.