    Mr. Knapp. Good afternoon, Chairman Duncan, Ranking Member Sires and esteemed member of the House Foreign Affairs' Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere.    It is my great pleasure and high honor to be here today and I thank each of you both for your continued dedicated service as Members of Congress and for the opportunity to appear before you today.    For the record, I am James H. Knapp, professor in the Department of Earth and Ocean Sciences in the School of the Earth, Ocean and Environment at the University of South Carolina, and I currently serve as chair of the faculty senate at the University of South Carolina, Columbia campus. I will be summarizing my written testimony in these opening comments.    I am also taking the liberty to introduce some graphics here which, hopefully, will supplement the comments I will make.    By way of background, I was born and raised in California and have lived in six and travelled to 49 states and through my profession as an earth scientist have worked in or visited more than 40 countries, many of those in the Western Hemisphere.    I hold a Bachelor of Science degree with distinction in geological sciences from Stanford University and a Ph.D. in geology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and from 1988 to 1991 I worked with Shell Oil where I participated directly in oil and gas exploration in the Gulf of Mexico.    For more than 20 years since then, my research team and I have carried out both fundamental and applied research in earth sciences including the design, acquisition, processing and interpretation of seismic surveys both onshore and offshore and many of my former students are now gainfully employed in the energy industry.    Access to energy is and will for future generations continue to be an essential foundation upon which modern society operates.    On a personal level, one need only experience a prolonged power outage to be poignantly reminded of the ways in which we on a daily basis depend on energy to illuminate, heat and cool our homes and businesses, preserve and prepare our food, and of critical importance in this digital age, power our numerous IT devices.    As many have come to appreciate in recent years, we simply cannot turn off the power switch overnight regardless of the perceived societal imperatives.    Safe, efficient and environmentally responsible development of energy resources is critical for the long-term energy security of this country and the Western Hemisphere.    In all of the above energy strategy, which includes continued exploration for and development of conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon resources, as we develop economically viable technologies for alternative and renewable energy resources is clearly the best path forward. Much of the future promise of renewable and alternative energy sources awaits the capacity for efficient storage through research and development.    The title of this hearing is most appropriate. As many will know, for the better part of the last decade we have witnessed a global energy revolution led by the United States, which few if any could have predicted.    Harnessing the oil and gas potential of shale reservoirs through American technological innovation has practically doubled the estimated volume of undiscovered technically recoverable oil resources in the United States.    The most recent estimates from the energy information administration for proven crude oil reserves in the Western Hemisphere amount to approximately 550 billion barrels of oil equivalent with well more than half of those in Venezuela.    The countries of the Western Hemisphere combined represent approximately one-third of the proven global reserves. Clearly, the major players in terms of conventional production have been and will continue to be the United States and Canada with growing contributions from Brazil, Mexico and Argentina.    As seen in the figure on the screen, shale oil and shale gas potential is abundant throughout the Western Hemisphere from the North Slope of Alaska to the tip of Tierra del Fuego, and the offshore potential of such unconventional resources is yet to be evaluated in any significant way. Note that these are all onshore shale gas and shale oil plays.    The presence of this resource potential represents an opportunity to engage our hemispheric neighbors through both the public and the private sector.    Methane hydrates, or deposits of natural gas frozen into sedimentary deposits, represent a significant future resource potential.    Recent estimates from the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management suggest that more than 20,000 trillion cubic feet of gas, or as much as 35 times the inventory of conventional gas resources on the entire U.S. outer continental shelf, are present on the Atlantic margin alone, as shown in this figure.    A similar reserve potential has been estimated for the U.S. waters of the Gulf of Mexico. We need look no further than the Atlantic shelf of the U.S. for other energy opportunities.    The Bureau of Energy--Ocean Energy Management is charged with periodic evaluation of the energy and mineral resource potential of the outer continental shelf.    Their most recent estimate in 2011 of undiscovered technically recoverable resources for the Atlantic OCS was 8.87 billion barrels of oil equivalent revised only a year ago up to 11.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent without any new data.    This is simply reevaluation of the existing data. Too often such reserve estimates are dismissed as unworthy of the investment required to produce them or the anticipated environmental disruption involved.    However, such volumes represent as much as a tenth of the combined estimated petroleum resource base of the United States.    In addition, as much as 80 percent of the Atlantic OCS territory currently under consideration in the draft proposed plan of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management has never been evaluated with commercial seismic surveys. Only the shelf portions of the area under consideration have ever been surveyed.    So if we compare this with the entire remainder of the Atlantic Basin, essentially the entire Atlantic Basin is currently under exploration for oil and gas in offshore areas with the conspicuous exception of the Atlantic Margin and the eastern Gulf of Mexico of the United States.    In conclusion, I believe the U.S. can and must play a leading role in promoting energy security for our own citizens and for the hemisphere at large. In most cases, the biggest opportunities appear to be here close to home.    New opportunities exist to bring U.S. deepwater technology and experience to Mexico and the Gulf of Mexico. Additional steps should be taken to deepen our engagement with Canada by completing the Keystone XL Pipeline, bringing crude petroleum to excess refining capacity in the Gulf Coast region and removing the ban on crude oil exports from the U.S. helping to bring reliable energy to our neighbors from a stable economic and political base.    I yield the rest of my time. Thank you.    Mr. Knapp. Thank you for your question, Chairman.    I think for a long time we have known that there is a very high potential of petroleum exploration in the Arctic and I was heartened to see the move by the administration earlier this week to approve the project that Shell has been pursuing in the Arctic of Alaska.    There, again, we really won't know for sure until we go up there and collect the data--the basic data that tell us what the geological conditions are.    But we can certainly speculate that it has got the right conditions for formation of oil. We tend to think of the Arctic as a frozen wasteland, but it actually has only been that for relatively recent geologic time and the time when the conditions would have been right for generating petroleum would have existed in the geologic past. So I think it is quite a perspective.    Mr. Knapp. Well, this reflects current activities, right, not even just historic ones but current ones. So yes, that is why I wanted to leave it up there so we got a good look at it.    Mr. Knapp. Well, yes, exploration, which would include both seismic and drilling of well, yes.    Mr. Knapp. That is courtesy of a colleague from Shell Oil.    Mr. Knapp. It is interesting that the area off of Florida that is actually being done by the Bahamas, Cuba, all the Caribbean nations are actively exploring.    Mr. Knapp. I will take a shot at that. We currently produce more than a quarter of our domestic production offshore and one of the issues about the offshore is that these are more complex longer-term projects.    So if we wanted to be developing that resource we are looking at a 10- to 15-year time frame from the time we start on that to before we could ever be producing the product.    The reality is that other than the unconventional play, which has really energized the market in the last few years, the conventional plays onshore are, largely, highly explored in North America and the only place where we are likely to find major new resources is the 87 percent of the outer continental shelf that we have never explored in.    So I think that still remains the big opportunity here in North America for new reserves that we might discover.    Mr. Knapp. Thank you for a question that I feel qualified to answer, Mr. Ranking Member. So much of this ultimately gets back to the geology and that is do you have the right geologic conditions, first of all, to form the oil or gas and, second of all, to trap it in some geologic formation where you can then go and recover it.    And when we are in areas like the Atlantic margin, which is right out our door here, where we have basically what is called the passive margin, we have got areas where there is lots of marine sedimentation that takes place and we get sediments deposited on top of that that then mature into oil, and it is subsequently not disturbed in some significant way by geological processes then the oil is going to be preserved.    Cuba, on the other hand, sits on a plate boundary. It is the collision of the Caribbean Plate with the North American Plate and it has got faults all through it and it is highly deformed, and if the conditions ever were right for the oil to form there, chances are it has long since been released through geologic time.    So it doesn't surprise me. As geologists, we can have a fairly great insight in where we are likely to find oil and gas reserves and where we are not.    Mr. Knapp. Well, they are still doing that now in--down where we live.    Mr. Knapp. Thank you for that question, Mr. Chairman, and I would say first and foremost the thing that we need to do is develop the resources that we have such that they are on the table for those partnerships with those other companies and to the extent that we have identified significant resources here in our own country that is where we need to begin.    Mr. Knapp. Sure.