    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Burns, Commissioners, thank you all for being before us today. I represent the 3rd District of Tennessee, that is an east Tennessee district. Nuclear energy is important to my district, from the TVA Sequoia and Watts Bar facilities in the south to the famous X-10 nuclear reactor in Oak Ridge, which is the oldest reactor in the world. In my view, nuclear provides clean electricity, creates American jobs, and stimulates the Unites States economy. Chairman Burns, I am very interested in the development of small modular reactors, and this subcommittee has made funding for them a priority. As we anticipate an SMR application in the next year or so, what is the NRC's plan to address the funding, technical, and licensing issues of SMRs to support the commercialization?    Mr. Fleischmann. In your consideration of SMR license applications, are there lessons to be learned from the recent licensing of Watts Bar 2 and Westinghouse AP1000 plant at Vogtle and V.C. Summer nuclear power station?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you all. Mr. Chairman, I will yield back and wait for round 2.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you Mr. Chairman. Commissioner Ostendorff I wanted to hear about your upcoming visit to my district to speak at the advanced reactor summit at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory and then I am going to have a follow up question sir but before I do that I wanted to convey to you my sincere thanks and appreciate not for the work only that you do at the NRC for the past 6 years but for all you have accomplished for the people of Tennessee in our country and your service at the House Arm Services Committee, at the NNSA and of course in our great United States Navy, sir.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you sir. A follow-up question, there is concern over the future of licensing nuclear technologies which are venture-funded start-ups. The NRC's current process for licensing is not compatible with this new funding model. How does the NRC plan to meet this challenge?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you sir. My next question is for all of you all if you would like to participate I encourage that. The Oak Ridge National Laboratory is the home to CASL, the Consortium for Advanced Simulation of Light-Water reactors. CASL uses modeling and simulation to improve the performance and safety of commercial nuclear reactors. I am interested in knowing what kind of relationship you have with CASL and encourage you to take advantage of the valuable work being done at ORNL?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you does anyone else wish to comment?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you Mr. Chairman and good morning everyone. It is good to see you all again and I appreciate all of the kind words in our earlier visit about Oak Ridge and I represent the third district of Tennessee and I am going to start with you, Ms. Hoffman because Chattanooga is also a very large city--I was pleased to hear of your visit last week at the Oak Ridge National Lab for a roundtable discussion on the Department of Energy's grid modernization initiative with a number of electric power officials from my Congressional district.    I was particularly glad that you met with representatives from both Chattanooga and Oak Ridge and other localities in between. Could you please talk about the grid modernization initiative, both the challenges and opportunities for our country, what lessons have been learned between the partnership between Chattanooga, the electric power board with its smart grid, Oak Ridge National Lab and the Department of Energy, ma'am?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you so much. Mr. Kotek, the small modular reactor program will help promote our leadership in the use of nuclear power worldwide and represent significant investment in first of a kind engineering for small modular reactors in the United States. Can you please update the subcommittee on the progress made towards preparing for the eventual commercialization of SMRs and what is your assessment of the current market for this emerging industry, sir?    Mr. Fleischmann. Yes, sir. I have another question for you, sir. I know you have had a few visits to the Oak Ridge National Lab this past year and I hope you have had a chance to see the nuclear facilities that support the Office of Nuclear Energy and the Office of Science.    It has been challenging that ORNL has not received adequate nuclear infrastructure funding in the administration's budget request for many years.    I understand this is a complex situation but now the office of science is having to fund more than its fair share. On a related issue, the lab's nuclear activities generate low volumes of liquid radioactive waste. This waste is processed by the office of environmental management as part of Legacy Waste Management on the Oak Ridge reservation.    I am told the systems used to process this waste will be decommissioned and this will require ORNL to develop and operate a new radioactive liquid waste treatment system.    If this system is not operational by 2020, ORNL's nuclear missions are at risk due to the lack of a waste disposal capability. Is there a path forward on this problem, sir?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, sir. One final question, Dr. Orr, I would like to talk about the success of the manufacturing demonstration facility at ORNL. They are doing a terrific job and have attracted a number of businesses that are coming to work and solve big manufacturing problems.    The Department of Energy budget goes into some length about mission innovation for clean energy.    The budget proposes this as a new initiative to establish regional innovation and partnerships called Regional Clean Energy Innovation Partnerships.    Can you please tell me how the advanced manufacturing office and the MBF might fit into this initiative with the lab and the University of Tennessee, the MBF and the advanced composites institutes?    We already have a lot of original capabilities, how would these play into the proposed initiative, sir?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Dr. Orr. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Ranking Member Kaptur. Dr. Orr, your opening statement.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Dr. Orr. I know that many of the members have questions for both of you all. I am going to begin by recognizing Ranking Member Kaptur for 5 minutes.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Ms. Kaptur. I am going to have a question for Dr. Orr and then a question for Dr. Murray, and then we will continue with our other members. Dr. Orr, several years ago short-sighted changes were made to the management structure at the Department of Energy Oak Ridge Federal office. These problems have removed incentives for the many Department of Energy program offices to work together in an integrated way.    The program offices actually like this setup because it is easier for them to focus on their own priorities. But this works against the best interest of the tax payers, and stifles the kind of innovation and integration that the department strives to foster in its management emphasis. The changes have also resulted in serious conflicts with elected officials on top Department of Energy priorities.    Yesterday, I asked Secretary Moniz to take a close look to find an incremental solution to reconnect these important program offices. My request of you, sir, is I ask you to join in this effort to work with me to find a solution. Will you do that, sir?    Mr. Fleischmann. Dr. Murray we heard Dr. Orr refer to high performance computing in his open remarks and I thank you for your prioritization. I was very pleased to see the Department of Energy's budget request includes continued investments to advance exascale computing and that the department has created a more rigorous project management structure to keep this effort on track to develop and deploy an exascale system by the mid 2020s. I know the department has a program called CORAL to jointly purchase a next generation of leadership class computing systems that will deliver capabilities and better energy efficiency which are key milestones on the path to exascale. What will it take to make sure that CORAL systems are the fastest and most powerful super computers in the world when they come online in 2018? How many petaflops will they need in order to be the best in the world's systems?    Mr. Fleischmann. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you Dr. Murray, Mr. Visclosky.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you Mr. Visclosky. Before I go to Mr. Fortenberry, Dr. Dehmer it is good to see you again, thank you for being with us today. Mr. Fortenberry.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have got a couple of questions. The first question on the isotopes program transition; several years ago the Department of Energy transitioned all isotope production programs to the Office of Science; a transition that was directed by the Congress a number of years prior. Can you briefly provide an update to those efforts?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you.    Mr. Fleischmann. Dr. Cherry, if I may?    Mr. Fleischmann. Is this the facility that is proposed at Oak Ridge?    Mr. Fleischmann. Ok. Very good. If I may, let me ask my follow up.    Mr. Fleischmann. We are on the same page. The request proposed to build a stable isotope production facility at Oak Ridge to produce medical isotopes and to provide inputs for commercial and suppliers of isotopes. Can you, please, explain then, when this new activity is needed, and what this brings to isotope program?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you. Thank you very much. Dr. Murray, we have touched on this earlier, but it is very important. The scientific user facility supported by the Department of Energy, Office of Science, provides some of the most unique, powerful, cutting-edge tools to over 30,000 university, industry, and government scientists from all over the country.    Given the importance of these user facilities to the Department of Energy's overall science mission, this committee directed the Basic Energy Science Advisory Committee to prioritize the next three to five major user facility upgrades or construction projects within the Basis Energy Science Program. What is the current status of this effort, and has DOE provided any further direction or guidance to BESAC about implementing this requirement?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, good morning.    Mr. Fleischmann. Good to see you today.    MS. Regalbuto. Thank you.    Mr. Fleischmann. I wanted to begin my questions with the high-risk excess facilities. Secretary Moniz named a panel to find solutions to the pressing problem of high-risk excess facilities. What were the panel's findings and what is your plan and timeline for reducing the risks and taking down these buildings?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Madam Secretary. If I can follow up in that regard. The first House nuclear cleanup caucus event this year is scheduled for April the 20th. As you know we worked very hard last year with your cooperation and participation to make the Nuclear Cleanup Caucus a tremendous caucus with tremendous bipartisan support. Very thankful for that. You have alluded to the report. It would be so beneficial to have that before April the 20th. Will the Department release the report before that date so that we can have an open discussion and build support for our challenges ahead?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you. If I can segue into historic preservation. Several years ago, the Department of Energy entered into an agreement with the State of Tennessee and several other parties on historic preservation in order to proceed with cleaning up the contaminated buildings at the East Tennessee Technology Park. For the past two years funding for the agreement has been zeroed out in the administration's budget. As chairman of the House Nuclear Cleanup Caucus stakeholders and contractors have complained to me of the distrust that is created when the Department fails to follow through on its commitments. Why does the Department sign agreements that the administration will not allow to be met?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you. On a related issue, recently I had the opportunity to tour the Oak Ridge water plant, which was transferred to the city about a decade and a half ago, on the premise that it was a valuable asset that could be run more efficiently by local government. It has turned out to be a cash drain on the city due to very serious infrastructure problems. Many in the community want the city to tie Federal assistance on the water plan to future cleanup work. I would rather see the Department of Energy become a better partner with its host communities which are strapped by a low tax base from Federal land ownership, substandard housing from the Manhattan era, and an aging population living on low pensions. It does not help when the Department centralizes decision-making in Washington on complex issues where there is sometimes a lack of experience and knowledge about the major sacrifices that these atomic cities have made.    I was interested in your comments on this.    Mr. Fleischmann. Yeah.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you.    Mr. Fleischmann. It was really eye opening for me to see the dilapidated condition in the infrastructure, and really the decay that is at that facility. So I do appreciate your assistance in that regard.    Mr. Chairman, I have one more question in this round, if I may?    Last week, Madam Secretary, I visited Protomet, a very successful company that started out of the Department of Energy system. It has requested a land transfer of adjacent property that is no longer needed by the government. But the lengthy process may cost this homegrown business to move out of Oak Ridge. It has become apparent that the process needs to be streamlined. I am told that there are multiple and duplicative approval points in the process with no time limits for review. How can we work together to streamline and shorten the land transfer process that is so important to several Department of Energy communities?    Mr. Fleischmann. Madam Secretary, thank you for your hard work on this issue, and I appreciate the very good news on the land transfers.    Mr. Fleischmann. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, I have got some questions about the Manhattan Project National Park. Last November, the Manhattan Project National Historical Park became a reality, one park at three Department of Energy sites: Oak Ridge, Tennessee; Hanford, Washington; and Los Alamos, New Mexico. The park is now being created jointly by the National Park Service and the Department of Energy. My question is why was there no funding in the DOE budget request? And what is the Department of Energy doing to support opening these legacy sites to the public? Further, are there any security issues or new infrastructures that will need to be built to open these previously secret legacy facilities to the public?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you. Final round of questions on the uranium D&D fund, Madame Secretary, the Department recently provided the committee with a report on the status of the uranium D&D fund that was directed by the fiscal year 2015 omnibus. It paints a pretty dire picture of the ability of the D&D fund to address projected cleanup costs. The report estimates that the fund ``will have a shortfall up to $19.2 billion'' and that ``without additional deposits the fund is projected to be exhausted in 2022.''    The Department of Energy's proposal to transfer a couple hundred million dollars from one fund to another seems to be a drop in the bucket in comparison to the projected shortfall and certainly not a comprehensive solution. I have three questions. What is the DOE's long-term plan for meeting these cleanup costs? Second, how much cleanup work remains to be accomplished? And thirdly, what costs have been updated since the last report?    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Madame Secretary. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Fleischmann . Madam Secretary, hello again. I am going to defer to the ranking member, Ms. Kaptur.    Mr. Fleischmann. Thank you, Ranking Member Kaptur. Mr. Visclosky, do you have any questions?    Mr. Fleischmann. Madam Secretary, in closing, again I want to thank you for coming before our subcommittee today, appreciate your answers to these difficult questions, and I, too, thank you for approaching this very arduous task that you have. It is very difficult.    Again, I want to welcome you to the Nuclear Cleanup Caucus, April 20. We have communities, business interests, contractors, labor unions. We all come together to work together to try to solve this problem. As a matter of fact, the Nuclear Cleanup Caucus has become somewhat of a model. I know Ranking Member Kaptur is the national co-chair of the Automotive Caucus, and I am a vice chair, and we are actually using this model to try to make that a much more successful caucus.    I look forward to working with you, and of course, with her, and I thank you for being with us today.    Mr. Fleischmann. The subcommittee is adjourned.