    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and let me ask--let me followup on some of the questioning that's taken place as to whether there was a full investigation of this whole matter.    You claim, Administrator, that there was a full investigation of the matter--all of these sexual harassment--sexual assault issues that have been raised that were--that were part of the inspector general's review. You claim--again, just tell us. You believe they were fully investigated.    Mr. Mica. So then you agree with Mr. Horowitz, the OIG, that there was not a thorough investigation of all of the incidents?    Mr. Mica. OK. And that was your position too and the assumption that I have from your report.    Mr. Mica. OK. Well, that in itself raises great questions when the inspector general says that the--these incidents were not fully investigated. So that, to me, is a big issue right there.    Mr. Mica. Yes, I yield for----    Mr. Mica. Again, there seems to be a conflict between again what the chairman has just cited, what we've had as previous testimony, and what the inspector general's--OK. That being said--and I have some questions too.    You say you don't have the authority, but you took the authority post-Cartagena. It looks like before Cartagena--and you've been there since 2010. Is that right?    Mr. Mica. You didn't just arrive on the block, and you see the conduct that took place in 2006, 2008, the sex parties, the assaults, all of these things that were going on, Cartagena was, what, 2 years ago.    Mr. Mica. Three years ago. Well, what happened is you set up a culture within the agency that you could get away with this, and you were there. You must have known some of this was going on. Cartagena brought it to the press and our attention that--the size and scope of what was going on.    The thing that concerns me is, before that, some of the people got--who were involved, looks like if you attended a sex party, one report here, one agent was cleared of any wrongdoing. Seven of 10 agents ultimately attended to the parties and engaging with prostitutes. So it looked like the penalty--they got suspensions of a few days. And I think the most was like 6 days up to that time. So that was sort of the standard operating procedure while you were there until Cartagena. That's the kind of penalty they were getting. Right?    Mr. Mica. Well, again, we have instances, and we have penalties. Most of them only got minor penalties, and it was known that some of this had posed great security risks. I guess drug folks were paying for some of this activity, and they got anywhere from 4 to 6 days. Only a suspension of 15 days or more is considered serious for adverse employment action. So those people went right on working at that time.    So what I'm saying is a culture existed while you were there up to Cartagena, and there were low penalties. After Cartagena, you did some--you took some action. Some people were actually fired. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. And the difference, folks, members of the committee, this is the same thing whether it's Secret Service, VA, IRS, HUD, any agency. She doesn't have the right to summarily fire people. She has to go through a process, Merit System Protection, the protections of Title V, a Federal act created by Congress. Unless you change that law and give these people the ability to fire people summarily when they are found in, you know, a proper process and a speedy process to violate, whether it's sexual assault, sexual harassment, you'll have this continue--all these problems continue across the scope of all of our civil service system. The only one exempt from that, I understand, is FBI. I didn't get enough time to ask you questions about how many people you've fired, but we'll get that in the record at some point I hope.    Yield back.