    Mr. Young. Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank Mr. Conners. You build a great aircraft.    Mr. Young. I fly with them all the time and every time I get in an Airbus, I shudder, so your competitor can forget them.    Mr. Young. Well----    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Baker, section 313, from your perspective, what is the status of implementing that perspective?    Mr. Young. When is the final time going to be?    Mr. Young. I am going to make a suggestion. Just keep us informed, and I don't like dragging feet, you understand?    Mr. Young. Second thing is your AFS and your AIR, are they working together to guide the manufacturers as well as the operators, or are they separated and don't talk to one another?    Mr. Young. That is important because, you know, I have watched agencies over my career here before you were born where they grow and they grow and they grow and they don't talk to one another, and that hurts the operator as well as the manufacturer of our aircraft, and where the ultimate goal is safety, not the building of an agency, so I am hoping that you work together.    Mr. Hart, of the investigations of what you do, what was the percentage of pilot error versus aircraft error?    Mr. Young. OK. Now, I don't which one--how many new regulations have the FAA passed in 2014?    Mr. Young. Would you guys find out for us, and the reason I ask that, again, regulation for regulation's sake doesn't accomplish the safety which we are trying to achieve.    Mr. Young. I hear a lot of times you are short on money, but I see a lot of FAA activity that has nothing to do with safety. It has nothing to do with it, like moving a fence on a golf course. Lots of money spent. No reason for it. Putting fences in airports there is nobody around, lots of money. Lots of little things within the FAA itself that takes away, I think, is your ultimate goal is safety, not all this other stuff, and you grow and you grow and you forget what your ultimate goal is. But overall, I haven't had that--too many complaints yet. Most are minor from what I call civil aviation and again an overenthusiastic inspector, who hasn't been trained to be an inspector, so we will look at that. It is not your problem. We are just pursuing that.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.