    Ms. Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So I recently met with a group of veteran service organizations back in my district, back on Long Island and they raised a number of issues and I just want to see if these are things that you have experienced either at your school or in servicing the veterans who come to ask you for help.    The entitlement period that you can access these benefits, is that--it is my understanding that that is a 36-month entitlement period that they have to use the benefits during that time. Is there any way to extend that--I guess I will ask this to you, Mr. Harrison--in terms of--or whoever else thinks they might be able to do that--to take into consideration all the other, whether they are working part-time or full-time supporting their families, the levels of stress?    Ms. Rice. You can take breaks?    Ms. Rice. Okay. And if this person was not given that benefit, that is something that we might be able to do something about?    Ms. Rice. Or wasn't given that extension, I should say.    Ms. Rice. You have to be full-time.    Ms. Rice. Yes. I just wanted to--because I will address this issue with this particular person who brought it up with me, but thank you.    Now, Mr. Harrison, how--obviously, we know that a lot of student veterans, in addition to going to school, they have families, a lot of them are dealing with post-traumatic stress disorder, or other mental health or other stress problems that could affect their ability in their day-to-day classes. What, I guess, what do institutions like yours do to ensure that professors are prepared for those unique challenges that student veterans face? I know that you said that you have counselors there that they can be referred to, but is there any particular training that the actual professors go through to be able to maybe identify at some--a student who might be presenting at-risk symptoms?    Ms. Rice. Okay. To the--I know I have very limited time--I just wanted to throw this out. I am going to ask this of Mr. Withrow. I have a community college in my district, Nassau Community College, that also serves a large number of veterans and wants to hire, you know, a VetSuccess on Campus counselor to better understand their needs, but I understand the ability to do that is driven by the size of the school; is that true? And if so, what is your reaction to that?    Ms. Rice. Any size school can access a counselor?    Ms. Rice. Do you have a--yes.    Ms. Rice. With the Chairman's indulgence, just one--I had another individual who brought an issue to--and just to anyone who can answer this--this veteran expressed that it was difficult for him to access full benefits. If you have a mental health issue that results in a less-than-honorable discharge, that has got to be fixed. Do you all agree?    Ms. Rice. Good. There you go. I just think that we would all agree that that is crazy.    And one other thing, I think that like anything else, it is getting the word out there to people, to veterans, that there are these benefits out there for them to access and that is always--when you talk about how we can better serve the veteran population, outreach, I think, is the number one thing that we can improve on.    Thank you very much for the Chairman's indulgence.