    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I'm going to follow up on the discussion we were just having, and Mr. Chairman, you mentioned this in your opening statement too about diminishing the competitiveness of U.S. businesses, and we hear these claims that the Clean Power Plan or other environmental laws are going to kill jobs, hurt the economy. There's a suggestion that our businesses will go overseas.    I just read this morning that Ikea just pledged a billion euros, which is $1.13 billion, to help slow climate change through renewable energy and steps to help poor nations cope with climate change. They said this is good for customers, good for the climate, and good for their company. So they found that customers actually value environmental responsibility, and I suggest that we look at that and what our customers value.    And I also want to talk about how the numbers speak for themselves. The Union of Concerned Scientists just released an analysis that shows that most states are already making significant progress toward cutting carbon emissions from power plants, and according to that analysis, 31 states including my State of Oregon are already more than halfway toward meeting the 2020 benchmarks set out by the EPA under the Clean Power Plan. All but four states have already made decisions that will help cut their power plant emissions. Fourteen states including California, Kentucky, Ohio and New York are already ahead of the emission rate reduction trajectory because of current carbon-cutting decisions and actions.    I find this very encouraging and again highlights how the environmental regulations can bring about positive results. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to enter this analysis into the record.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you.    And Mr. Eisenberg, I was glad to hear you say that the National Association of Manufacturers believes in the mission of the EPA. You say that plants have the best available pollution control technologies, and as we were just discussing, history shows that regulation drives innovation. Without the regulation, those who are working on new technologies don't have a market, but with the regulation, they do, and we have found that new technologies are developed to meet the needs of regulation.    So I want to ask, Dr. Paulson, you know, many are arguing that it's not just worth it, that costs are too high, and as you've noted, there's evidence showing that on balance, jobs are created, the economy expands following the passage of major environmental reforms. For example, in a report to Congress on the costs and benefits of federal regulations, OMB estimated that major rules promulgated by the EPA in the decade between 2003 and 2013 had benefits between $165 billion to $850 billion compared to costs of $38 to $46 billion. That is a pretty significant return on investment.    So Dr. Paulson, alternatively, we've talked about the costs of ignoring our changing climate and the public health risks related to increases in global temperatures, and I note that the death toll in India is now up to 2,500 people. Tragic over there.    Climate change also has the potential to exacerbate existing health conditions as you've discussed such as asthma. Now, we've had hearings in this Committee before where we've talked about how the EPA is not allowed to consider the costs when they, for example, set the standard under the Clean Air Act, the ozone standard. That's sort of compared to the idea that you're going to make a medical diagnosis depending on how much the treatment's going to cost.    So can you comment on the importance of separating the costs associated with attaining an ozone standard from the assessment of what level is appropriate to protect public health?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. I'm going to try to get one more quick question in to you, Dr. Paulson.    There was a study by Syracuse and Harvard University about the major co-pollutants that could be reduced. So can you talk about some of the health co-benefits that are likely to result from these kinds of carbon regulations?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much.    I see my time is expired. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.