    Mr. Farr. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And I do want to join with you in an intensive questioning on MARC. But, first of all, I would like to thank all the research staff for their service.    And I am interested in the increases that you have asked for, particularly in the priorities for this sustainable small farms and the pollinator health and Colony Collapse Disorder.    I never thought being elected to Congress would make me so interested in beekeepers until I tried to realize why none of the fruit trees on my property were germinating. And then I got my cousin, who is a beekeeper, to put beehives in there, and it really makes a difference. And he has lectured me all about the collapse of the colonies, and it is really a crisis. And so I am glad that you were looking at that.    And as far as the Chairman's comment on caps, I find the thing is the Congress that puts those caps on can be the Congress that takes those caps off. It is in our hands. And we don't need to hide behind the law, but we are sometimes are reluctant to change it.    But I also want to join with the chair in saying how the allegations in the New York Times story in January really did sort of hit the fan here. What really bothers me is I have been so fond of the agency and its ability to be responsive to my questions. But, in this case, what I get from my staff and the Committee staff is that you have been really extremely unresponsive to our efforts to get information about that story.    I know that our staff had two unproductive meetings with officials of USDA. At the second meeting, they were told that they had to ask questions to get answers, nothing would be volunteered.    So the staff sent out a long list of questions for the USDA about 10 days ago, and the Chairman and I got back a letter yesterday saying you would not answer the staff's questions. I don't know why you object so much to responding to the allegations in that story, and I hope that we can get to the bottom of it.    It appears to me--and it is strange because that is not the way the Secretary has been in the past--that you are really trying to hide this story, to bury it.    And, you know, this Committee doesn't like that, and we will make sure that we get to the bottom of this, no matter what. So this is something both the Chairman and I are very concerned about, and I hope that you will be responsive to our questions today.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Farr. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Woteki, you just stated in your remarks to the Chair that you follow the principles of the Animal Welfare Act.    Why not just adopt it?    Mr. Farr. What would be wrong with doing it that way? All the university labs have to abide it.    Mr. Farr. So that will be a recommendation that you will bring to Congress?    Mr. Farr. But the problem is----    Mr. Farr. Look, I think the difficulty we are having and the reason we are asking these questions is the Department just seems to be not admitting that there was a real screw-up here and mistakes were made, people weren't adequately trained or documented they were trained or certified.    The review team that came in gave you a month and some time before they came, saying, ``We are coming,'' essentially, ``Clean up your act because, when we get there, we are going to review it.'' I mean, that is not the way we think that reviews ought to be done.    And I think there is just sort of this--it appears as if it is denial on part of the Department rather than--look, there is some problems when you have got a lot of territory out there.    That is a huge piece of property. What, 50 square miles? I don't even think we have any ranches in California as big as what you have at that research facility. It is, what, 30,000 acres?    Mr. Farr. 37,000 acres. That is bigger than almost any military base in the United States.    And I understand that, you know, it is in animal research. So you are going to look at all kinds of animals and--but these--you know, the reports on how--the research going on with the lambs and so on, I don't know why you just say, ``Look, we have got to clean this up and we are going to have to clean it up.'' I mean, you ought to abide by the same standards that university research labs have to do, which are under the Animal Welfare Act and do get inspected by the APHIS.    It might be much more confidence-building if we had that checks and balances rather than, ``We are doing all that we can.'' And I just--I think we are going to--and then why the response to our staff's letter that, ``We are not going to respond to you''? What was that all about? I mean, we were really shocked to get that letter yesterday.    Mr. Farr. But that didn't work.    Mr. Farr. Yeah. I am not talking about the site visit, per se. I am just talking about the fact that the process seems very awkward.    I mean, the animal welfare strategy, has that been updated?    Mr. Farr. Exactly. Can't you just say that?    Mr. Farr. And you are defending the Easycare sheep experiment?    Mr. Farr. Yeah.    Mr. Farr. Well, I can understand, you know, that may be common practice in the private sector, which, obviously, this is why you have Animal Welfare Act-type things.    But for the Federal Government with taxpayer money to go out and invest and do this, you know, cruel and inhumane treatment of animals in order to help the private sector get a better understanding of it, I mean, this is appalling. Nobody reads that story and wants to put any taxpayer money into that.    Mr. Farr. So now that you have read it and you were appalled by it, when are you going to end it?    Mr. Farr. When does it end? Research projects have a beginning and an ending.    Mr. Farr. Do you think, if the Animal Welfare Act was applied and you were inspected by APHIS, they would allow that experiment to continue?    Mr. Farr. Well, I wouldn't be asking about the Animal Welfare Act if I thought that that committee was effective. I think they are totally ineffective, and I think this article brought it out, that they missed the mark on this.    My time is expired. Thank you.    Mr. Farr. Thank you.    I am not going to dwell anymore on MARC. I just want to point out that you want crisis, believe it or not, because that is the only way Congress pays attention to anything anymore.    When I came here, we used to do Farm Bills and talk about long-range planning. We did the Reauthorization of the Primary and Secondary School Act. We used to do those things. But that is not the way Congress operates anymore. We only respond to crisis.    And, frankly, I think that the--you know, the Chinese describe crisis as not only an opportunity of problems, but it is also a time for opportunity.    And I think that that is what MARC does for you, is you can go start looking at something. And what it really paid attention to is there is a lot of people now knowing that the Department of Agriculture has its own farms, its own sort of operational basis called these animal--or these research facilities.    And 50 of them, you said, are dealing with animal research. I mean, there is a lot of real estate there. There is a lot of interest here.    And what I find difficult in this Committee is that we are essentially fighting silos in the modern time when we are trying to look at whole of government and the attitude here is there is too much government, we got to cut, squeeze, and trim, when we know that the silos that that whole of government operate are really effective, but they are all limited in the amount of money they can have.    And what really concerns me is that, in the funding that we gave you--and I think Congress wants competitive grants. They like the idea that the best minds in this country can go and look into research to solve these difficult specific problems.    And we have divided those into NIFA research and AFRI research. And, yet, of the money we appropriate, only 13 percent of the applications submitted can get in NIFA, and only 6 percent. Now, I am more interested in AFRI because it is sort of the specialty crop agriculture that Ms. Pingree talked about. This is tragic. And we are sort of leaving behind all this incredible talent out there.    And so what I would just--and this is--I am just sort of making a suggestion because I know you are dealing with--you know, you are going to look at the whole of animal research now, figure out protocols and procedures that are going to be much more transparent and renewable and recordable and things like that. And, hopefully, you find an answer to that.    But I would suggest that at the same time taking a look--and, Dr. Ramaswamy, you know, here is the dilemma I am at. I represent and Mr. Valadao represents California. Our number one industry is agriculture, believe it or not. We grow--I don't know--almost 100 crops that no other States grow.    Nobody knows that all the pistachios come from California or all the almonds come from California. I think all the walnuts come from California. I mean, that is why they call it the land of fruits and nuts. Not just the politicians, but the actual crops.    And we are 36 million people, this big urban interface, encroachment on agriculture everywhere you go. Agriculture needs a lot of water. We can't give water to agriculture now because we need it for people. We have a huge fight going on.    Why not try to use more--if we can only present 6 percent of our applications, why not use your resources to look at the whole of a State in what you are trying to do, what the President and the Secretary is trying to do, with the White House Rural Council, called the Rural Strategy?    Why not start using also your research money for those States that are trying to answer these problems? Integrated pest management. We have got to find alternatives to pesticides and herbicides because our communities surround the ag fields and they don't want their kids being in schools that are being affected by drift and so on. Huge problem. And the list goes on and on.    So IPM, organic, all these things which are sort of merging technologies, the question is: Why not use your investment award to invest those that are taking the chance, that are going meet you halfway, not just competitive grants, that we have got something and somebody else is going to do it, but looking at that whole of government? What is this kind of research also going to do for the sustainability of agriculture in California or other urban States and get more bang for your buck?    And, actually, with your research facilities, where can those things be expanded? We can't afford the luxury--I mean, you have got, what, 48,000 acres there. I mean, that is huge. You know, that is huge. And if it was a military base, you would start talking about base realignment, BRAC. If somebody is going to call upon--if they want to shrink government, maybe we ought to shrink the real estate we own.    So I think that there is a lot of challenges out there and this crisis allows you to kind of think outside the box and suggest, ``We are just not going to keep doing everything in silo form because we have got a get a better bang for the limited dollar.'' And I think every Member of Congress on this panel has been talking about that. So I hope that you can do that.    Mr. Farr. Well, I hope to see more of it in being able to get more people involved rather than just 6 percent of the entire applications that are filed.