    Ms. Cory-Slechta. Good afternoon. Is this on?    I am Deborah Cory-Slechta, professor of environmental medicine, pediatrics, and public health sciences, and acting chair of the Department of Environmental Medicine at the University of Rochester School of Medicine. I served as chair of the ``Committee on Gulf War and Health, Volume 10,'' which was released February 11 of this year. The committee that I was chaired was asked to review and evaluate the scientific and medical literature regarding associations between illness and exposure to toxic agents, environmental or wartime hazards, or preventative medicines or vaccines associated with Gulf War service, paying particular attention to neurological disorders, including Parkinson's, MS, ALS, and migraines, to cancer, particularly brain cancer and lung cancer, and chronic multisymptom illness, also known as Gulf War illness. Volume 10 updates two earlier Gulf War and Health reports: volume 4, in 2006, and volume 8, that was published in 2010.    The committee made recommendations for future research on Gulf War veterans. And I would note that this committee was composed of experts in neurology, epidemiology, pain, psychiatry, neurocognitive disorders, environmental health, and toxicology. And they were clinicians and researchers, none of whom received funding from Gulf War illness research programs.    Volume 10 basically followed the approach used by earlier committees. We held two public sessions at which we heard from representatives of the VA, from Gulf War veterans, and Veterans Service Organizations, Gulf War researchers, and representatives of the VA Research Advisory Committee. We did not address policy issues such as service-connection, compensation or the cause of or treatment for Gulf War illness. We conducted an extensive literature search, reviewed the volumes 4 and 8 conclusions, as well as their primary and secondary studies. We also looked at animal toxicology, neuroimaging, and genetics. We tried to be totally inclusive. We divided our studies into primary studies. They had to be published in peer-reviewed journals demanding--or demonstrating reporting rigorous methods, including information on a persistent, not acute, health outcomes, used appropriate laboratory testing as applicable, and had a study population that was generalizable to and representative of the Gulf War population.    Secondary studies were those studies that didn't meet all of these criteria. Many of the secondary studies relied on self-reports of diagnoses rather than examination by a health professional or a medical record review. We used the same categories of association that were used in the previous volumes. I won't go through all those. Suffice it to say, we have a sufficient evidence of a causal relationship, sufficient evidence of an association, limited suggestive evidence of an association, inadequate insufficient evidence or limited suggestive evidence of no association.    The committee found that in spite of many millions of dollars that have been spent on researching the health of Gulf War veterans, there has been little substantial progress in our understanding of their health, particularly of Gulf War illness. The volume 10 committee found little evidence to actually warrant changes to the volume 8 conclusions. We fundamentally agree with the volume 8 conclusions regarding the strength of the associations between deployment to the Gulf War and adverse health outcomes. Veterans who were deployed to the Gulf War have an increased risk for many long-term health conditions with--including PTSD, Gulf War illness, chronic fatigue syndrome, functional GI conditions, generalized anxiety disorder, depression, and substance abuse. And in the testimony that I've provided you, you can see our categories of association with different health effects summarized in box 1.    As requested in its statement of tasks, the committee had additional discussions pertaining to Gulf War illness, specifically neurologic conditions, and lung and brain cancer, as well as Gulf War illness itself. So Gulf War illness, of course, is the signature adverse health outcome of having served in the Persian Gulf. Multiple studies have found that some Gulf War veterans, regardless of their country of origin and their different deployment-related exposures, have persistent debilitating and varying symptoms of Gulf War illness. In spite of over two decades of research to define, diagnose, and treat Gulf War illness, little progress has actually been made in elucidating the pathophysiological mechanisms that underlie it, the exposures that may have caused it, or the treatments that are generally effective for it.    Gulf War illness is not an easily diagnosed condition. The committee concluded it is not a psychosomatic illness, but it does, like almost every disease and disorder that we know of, prevent--present with diverse systems, many of which overlap with other health conditions such as chronic fatigue, neurodegenerative disorders, and musculoskeletal.    The committee concluded that, although the existence of an animal model would be advantageous for identifying and evaluating treatment strategies, we caution that developing an animal model is really precluded by the absence of any objective measures of chemical and nonchemical exposures during Gulf War service, let alone the frequency, duration, or dose of those exposures, or the highly likely interactive effects of multiple exposures, about which we know almost nothing. We found it unlikely that a single definitive causal agent will be identified in the many years--this many years after the war. Furthermore, many of the Gulf War studies have excluded the psychological aspects of the condition with regard to both diagnosis and treatment, although veterans report symptoms, such as chronic pain and sleep disturbances, that may be amenable to psychological therapies alone or in conjunction with other treatments.    We found new--little new information pertaining to MS, Parkinson's, or Alzheimer's disease, or migraines. We did recommend that ALS is the only neurologic disease for which we did find limited suggestive evidence for an association. But because the timeframe has been too short to really look at this, we recommended additional followup for prevalence of ALS in this population.    Similarly, we found evidence for brain cancer to be inadequate, insufficient, and it found--we found no statistically significant increase in the current risk of brain concern in deployed Gulf War veterans compared to nondeployed counterparts. A finding that's actually mirrored in another recent IOM study.    With regard to lung cancer, there--in the 10 to 15 years follow-up that have been reported may not, again, like ALS, have been adequate--an adequate timeframe to really see whether in fact--    Ms. Cory-Slechta. There were no measures made of internal exposures of veterans, and there were no measures made even of environmental exposure levels. This is basic principles of toxicology and pharmacology.    Ms. Cory-Slechta. I don't think you can rely on self-report, because there will be people who were actually exposed who don't even know it.    Ms. Cory-Slechta. I think it's possible to get those kinds of measures, and that's what I stressed before, that in the future, we need biomonitoring devices and GPS tracking devices so we can in fact get that kind of information and make those associations.    Ms. Cory-Slechta. Well, there may be--we know a lot of diseases and disorders differ in their manifestations by sex or by race/ethnicity.    Ms. Cory-Slechta. It's a different point.    Mr. Huelskamp .--do you study that?    Ms. Cory-Slechta. It's a different point. The exposure information, what this committee has said is that we'll never be able to understand how those exposures actually related to these health outcomes. We don't have any objective exposure.    Ms. Cory-Slechta. Sorry?    Ms. Cory-Slechta. We know there were exposures. What we don't have is actual information for individuals that we would look at it in relation to health outcomes.    Ms. Cory-Slechta. We know there were exposures.    Mr. Huelskamp .--So I don't know how you do your second round of studies that you recommended. You say abandon the first round, but the second round, you're talking about race and sex and--    Ms. Cory-Slechta. We're just saying for any health outcomes, because oftentimes, for many different diseases and disorders, there are manifestations, and sometimes their mechanisms differ by sex and by race/ethnicity. In order to really understand and/or treat them, you may be doing it very differently. Heart attack is very different in a man than in a woman, for example.    Ms. Cory-Slechta. So we need to break those out and look at them.