    Mr. Storen. Good morning, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott and members of the committee. Thank you for holding this important hearing and inviting me to testify today.    It is truly an honor, as ending hunger in America is my vocation, and it has been my life's work. I spent more than 20 years in every sector and at all levels, local, state, and national and community organizations, state government, federal government, at university, technology consulting, and now at Share Our Strength, a national not-for-profit organization that has been on the front lines of fighting hunger and poverty for more than 30 years.    At Share Our Strength, we invest in and implement data-driven programs in all 50 states, and we conduct research to find and replicate solutions that are sustainable. Our No Kid Hungry campaign seeks to end childhood hunger in America by breaking down the barriers between programs like school breakfast and the Summer Food Service Psummer food service rogram, and the kids they are meant to serve.    We create public-private partnerships, working with states and governors on both sides of the aisle to make the federal programs work more efficiently and more effectively. At the same time, we work to empower low income families to maximize their food resources.    Why is this work so important? Because 16 million children in the United States struggle with hunger, and we cannot have a strong America with weak kids. Hunger might not be visible in America as it is in other parts of the world but it lives everywhere, and we have a responsibility to solve this problem.    Hunger affects one in five children. Hunger is in your congressional district. Hunger is in our schools. For the first time, more than half of all the children coming to school are from low income families, and we know from our survey of teachers that three out of four teachers regularly see the face of hunger in their classrooms. And they understand the profound connection between hunger, behavior, and learning. Educators spend over $420 of their own money each year to help mitigate this problem.    Childhood hunger is at its worst during the summer months, when school meals are no longer available. Over four in 10 low income parents report not having enough food to feed their families during the summer. And that is why an effective summer feeding program should be a priority in child nutrition reauthorization.    But there is good news. Childhood hunger in America is a solvable problem, and the child nutrition programs are central to that solution, thanks to the support of you in Congress.    For decades, public-private partnerships have been at the core of this solution, allowing community organizations, schools, faith-based groups and private companies to come together to address this issue. We know that none of these groups could solve the problem of childhood hunger alone, but by all of us working together, we can more efficiently leverage the existing resources.    When kids can participate, the programs help them learn, become healthier, and grow into stronger adults. For example, the school breakfast program has a clear effect on academic achievement. A Deloitte social impact analysis shows that students who eat breakfast at school score 17.5 percent higher on math tests, they attend more days of school, and, together, these benefits make them 20 percent more likely to graduate and earn an average of $10,000 more per year.    However, while these programs work for the kids that can participate, too many eligible children can't participate because of bureaucratic barriers, too much administrative burden, and, for the summer months, a program that has not been updated in over 40 years and serves fewer than one in six children in need.    Through child nutrition reauthorization, Congress has an opportunity to make practical policy changes to fix the summer meals program and to make the other child nutrition programs even more efficient.    It is unacceptable for any child in America to go hungry. And thanks to a bipartisan commitment from Congress, we have strong, sustainable programs in place to help struggling families feed their kids and get to work. But it is critical that we take this opportunity to create more efficiencies in the federal nutrition programs so that we can let kids be kids.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak today, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Storen. Yes, we do.    Mr. Storen. I would be happy to.    Mr. Storen. Sure, I mean, I think some people have an association that hunger is the equivalent to the images we see of malnourished children in famine settings in other countries. And, in America, you know, that is not the image of hunger. Hunger is in the suburbs, hunger is in rural communities, hunger is in schools, hunger is, you know, with kids zero to 5 before they come to schools.    And, so, when we talk about the solutions that we need to put in place to address hunger in America, and what those impacts are, we have got to find a way to make those programs meet the specific needs of kids where they are based on their developmental needs so that we can have the positive impacts that we want. Because we have talked already about the positive impacts of healthy nutrition on healthcare, on educational attainment and workforce development.    THOMPSON. Thank you.    Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Storen. Sure. Thank you. I think that states and communities need more options in terms of the way that summer benefits are delivered. Now, there is a single, sort of uniform congregate feeding model, and that works great for some but it doesn't work at all for most. And, so, Congress authorized in 2010 a series of demonstration projects to look at alternative service models. There is great data coming out of the third-party evaluations and I think in there is a roadmap to giving states more options so that, you know, a city can do it one way and a rural community can do it another way.    Mr. Storen. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Storen. So I would say that one place where I think there is inefficiency and duplication is in the administration of the programs that are delivered--    Mr. Storen. Thank you. I am sorry about that.    I think one place where we can increase efficiency and address some administrative duplication is in the delivery of the programs that are implemented through those public-private partnerships with churches and Boys & Girls Club, YMCAs and food banks.    During the school year, as Dr. Krey referenced, many of these programs have afterschool meals programming where they provide a healthy snack to kids. If they want to provide that same child with a snack at the same place at the same time with the same programming afterschool is out, then they have to flip to an entirely new USDA program. It might have a new state agency. They have to fill out a new application, have a new site inspection, have different reporting requirements.    Mr. Storen. That is correct. But the way that the law is structured has different authorizing language for the summer feeding program and for the CEP at-risk program. So if we want these great community organizations to continue to provide services and focus on kids instead of focusing on paperwork, I think there is a real opportunity there to create some efficiencies so we have one program for community organizations out of school time.    Mr. Storen. Sure, thank you for your question.    I do think the evaluations from the summer EBT projects showed the most promise as a new option for service delivery for state agencies, you know, reached upwards around 90 percent of the target audience. It decreased food insecurity by over 20 percent and over 33 percent for very low food security. It led to healthier food consumption; children consumed 12 percent more fruit and vegetables, 30 percent more whole grains, 10 percent more dairy.    And I think the reason that this program can be brought to scale is twofold. One is it implemented through an existing infrastructure. So the benefit is added to either a SNAP or a WIC EBT card. Those infrastructures have been built and proven to be successful and have great integrity. And, so, you can bring those to scale because they are already present.    The second is, you know, a third of all the low income children in the United States live in communities where the summer meals isn't even operate--    Mr. Storen. By law, it has got to be in a concentration of poverty of at least 50 percent for your reduced-price kids. And with the suburbanization of poverty that we have now in the United States, we see more poor children in suburbs than we do in urban areas or anywhere else.    And then the challenge that the First Lady McAuliffe talked about in rural communities. So by overcoming transportation barriers and providing a benefit to children where they are, and we know from our own research of low income families, that 80 percent of children are at home in the summer.    Mr. Storen. So meeting kids where they are instead of trying to bring kids to a place where they can't get.    Mr. Storen. Thank you. I think the updates that we are looking for are more tools in the toolbox, more options for state agencies and communities than only having a congregate feeding model. Again, that works great where it works but it doesn't work for most kids. And so having summer EBT as one of those options to reach children in communities where it is not practical to have a congregate feeding site.    Being able to send children home with a meal on the weekends, like the food bank does in your district, being able to deliver meals to children at home, having waivers from congregate feeding when there is extreme heat.    So, you know, every community is different. There are different weather conditions, there are different resources, there is a different geography. We don't need a single approach; we need tools so that approach can be customized by the state and that local community to meet their needs, and just having more options.    Mr. Storen. No, I think that, you know, the child nutrition programs have a long history of successful implementation with public-private partnerships but those public-private partnerships look different in different communities. I don't think we can assign any one model and say, you know, all churches are great, or all churches aren't great, or every food bank, you know, should be the only ones providing afterschool meals.    I think, you know, the resources and the community organizations are different. I think it is important to pay attention to program integrity, understand the needs in the community, and to come together and what we stress is a collaboration. We bring stakeholders from the public and the private sector together to share their strength, to figure out what they can contribute to solving the problem. And I think it is that level of planning and collaboration that is most effective.    Mr. Storen. I would say that is the case for the summer feeding program and then I think there are some administrative efficiencies in the other programs.    Mr. Storen. Sure, absolutely. I think the Child and Adult Care Food Program, you know, funds reimbursement for meals in a variety of settings, childcare settings, at-risk afterschool meals, adult daycare, homeless shelters, and, you know, that meal reimbursement, you know, it doesn't happen in a vacuum. It happens as part of a strong program, and those programs can look very different depending upon the age of the child and the setting.    Rep. Bonamici. Right    And so I do think that there is great opportunity for nutrition education to be part of the programming, either directly for the participants, perhaps if they are, you know, school age or older, or for the caregivers. I know we run a nutrition education program called Cooking Matters, and it is a wonderful 6-week cooking course, you know, that teaches families the food skills they need to shop for and prepare healthy food on a budget.    And we also do these grocery store tours where we take people to the grocery store and teach them per unit pricing. And we have partnered with child, and adult care providers of the childcare settings to teach those caregivers of children in that setting those skills. It has been really successful and I think the afterschool meals programs--    Mr. Storen. Yes, I don't have the numbers in front of me. I would be happy to try to get back to you after the hearing. It would certainly increase access because there would be more opportunities--    Mr. Storen. Yes, I don't have those data available. I would be happy to try to get back to try to get back to you. What I do know is that the program WIC which is designed to help those children ages zero to 5, there is a strong body of evidence about the positive health impacts when kids do participate in it. And I know about half of all babies in the United States do participate in that program, so.