    Mr. Makovsky. Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, members of the committee, thank you very much for inviting me this morning to discuss the emerging Iran deal. I also am very honored to be on the panel with Steve Rademaker. We have worked together on Iran, on the task force, since 2007. Based on what we know today, the emerging comprehensive Iran deal is deeply flawed and with historically severe implications for U.S. standing in national security. So I believe every day the deal isn't concluded is a good day.    The Obama administration has four primary arguments on behalf of this emerging deal: First, it will cut off every pathway to a nuclear weapon. But President Obama correctly acknowledged in April that in 10 or 15 years, Iran's ``breakout times would have shrunk almost down to zero.''    The second argument is that it will delay a nuclear Iran for over a decade. Delay is, indeed, strategically very valuable, but only if Iran's nuclear program is truly frozen and Iran contained, which is not the case with this deal.    Third, that a military strike would create a much shorter delay than a deal. But Israeli strikes on Syrian and Iraqi nuclear facilities actually have pushed back their programs for many years and counting. And Israelis believe they could push back Iran's program for at least 3 years. The United States has obviously a lot more capability, and will likely push it back even further, especially with continued vigilance. We can't predict, of course, exactly what a military strike would delay the program. But I think it is safe to say that it would, could dissuade other countries from developing their own nuclear program.    Fourth, the only alternative to this deal is war. That is their fourth argument. President Obama claims that Iran came to the table because of sanctions. Yet he also contends that any further pressure would only cause it to restart its nuclear program, leading to war. In fact, as you all know, Iran has shown itself susceptible to military and economic pressure. And we obviously could do a lot more since we could cut off their oil exports. It wouldn't have any impact on the oil market, with prices having halved in the last year.    However, the administration does not avail itself of these other options; leaving itself only diplomacy without other levers simply becomes pleading. This empty holster, as Tom Friedman recently put it, has made war not the alternative but possibly the consequence of this deal. Let me discuss some of the strategic implications of this deal. Since at least Jimmy Carter was President, America has had three main interests in the Middle East; a secure Israel, a secure flow of oil from the Persian Gulf, and weakening of Islamic radicalism. These three interests have converged in containing the Islamic Republic of Iran. President Obama came into office seeking to reverse traditional U.S. foreign policy which he deemed wrong, often wrong, counterproductive, and a divergence from domestic demands. That has led him to reach out and eventually to embrace Iran and align with it at the expense of our traditional allies. Hence, he did not support the 2009 uprising in Tehran and did not support Assad's opponents in Syria. And he didn't implement the 2013 Syrian red line. Yet he did support in 2011 the demonstrations against our allied regimes. He also initiated secret talks with Iran even when Ahmadinejad was President without consulting or informing our allies like the Saudis and the Israelis. As Mike Doran mentioned, he has also increased our alignment with Iran in other parts of the region.    This policy has culminated in what I believe is an overeagerness to accommodate Iran in the nuclear talks despite the fact that Iran, frankly, is a third-rate power. The result is questionable U.S. reliability and questionable American credibility. There are a number of great consequences to this policy. First, some of our Sunni allies will seek to develop nuclear programs or acquire nuclear weapons to ensure security. As Henry Kissinger and George Shultz wrote in April, do we now envision an interlocking series of rivalries with each new nuclear program counterbalancing others in the region? The fact is nuclear contagion will regionalize this challenge so that we will no longer just have to monitor what Iran is doing and not doing with its nuclear program, but we will have to also be looking at what the Saudis and other countries in the region are doing with their nuclear program. This will increase the risks, the chances of a nuclear conflict in the Middle East, whether through intent or miscalculation. And it could well draw in the United States.    Second, the radicals in the region, such as Hezbollah, Hamas, ISIS, and the Muslim Brotherhood, will feel emboldened by this deal and what they perceive as American capitulation. There will also be continued realignment in the region. Other countries will seek closer relations in the region with Russia and China. Other countries, including net oil importers, will seek closer relations with Iranians. Of course, on the positive side, the Israelis and the Arabs, who share a sense of abandonment by the United States, will intensify their quiet collaboration.    Fourth, to counteract all the above, the United States will likely try to contain a nuclear Iran as we did in the Cold War. However, containment is based on deterrence. Deterrence, in turn, demands credibility, of which we will have little on this issue. It requires indefinite, dedicated, and expensive commitment. And it is unclear whether containment even applies and deterrence applies to the Iranian regime.    Fifth, Israel could well feel compelled to strike Iran. In short, rising tension and even war, including nuclear war, could result from this deal and is not its alternative.    In conclusion, as the chairman knows, I wrote a book on Winston Churchill. And he famously said to Neville Chamberlain, who, by the way, was his party leader, as well as the Prime Minister, in 1938 about the Munich Agreement: You were given the choice between war and dishonor. You chose dishonor, and you will have war.    This is not to compare leaders or situations to today. But it is to make two points: First that the consequence of this deal will not be peace but greater tension and the risk of conventional war and even nuclear conflict that can draw in the United States. Second, this issue transcends any administration or party. There could still be hope. But an acceptable diplomatic solution will require fully and truly employing, in President Obama's words of 2009, all elements of American power.    I urge Congress that if this deal is concluded to reject the emerging deal and reinvigorate American leverage and credibility to achieve an acceptable deal and prevent a nuclear Iran at all costs.    Mr. Makovsky. Thank you very much, Ranking Member Engel.    I think when we think about the alternatives, again, as I mentioned, I think that we have to weigh, there is no good alternative here for sure. I just think that the alternative of this deal, the consequences of the deal are much worse than the consequences of no deal right now. And I would think about it in those terms.    For instance, as I said, I think one of the biggest problems with this deal is that the other countries in the region will pursue nuclear weapons. The Saudis have said that. President Obama said it only in 2012. He said it with great certainty. And then I think you really have a problem. And then this problem is not just about Iran, but it is about the region.    We don't really want the Saudis to get nuclear weapons. And we don't want other countries to. Then the region becomes a lot more dangerous. So even if the alternative to this deal is a military action--I don't think it has to be. I think we could boost our leverage as you indicated. But I think you could argue that even if there was a military strike, which we all hope it doesn't come to that, the consequence of that would be a lot less than what could be a nuclear contagion in the region and really, really serious conflict involving nuclear power.    Mr. Makovsky. Congresswoman, I think, as I said, we have to take that extremely seriously. If you were them and your patron, the United States, conducted these negotiations initially without even informing them and has shown a shift toward your archenemy, the Iranians, I think you wouldn't feel that comfortable. And therefore I think it would be perfectly natural for these countries to pursue that.    And I will add, it also complicates the issue of the military action and what we do, because, again, going forward, if that is the case, what you said, Congresswoman, this issue then regionalizes. It is no longer about just a nuclear Iran. It is about what these other countries are doing.    And we have to make sure we act, whatever way it is, to prevent this sort of genie spreading and getting out. Because once it gets out and a lot of countries have it, as George Shultz and Henry Kissinger raise, as I mentioned, how do you put together a policy that actually manages that? And I don't think you can, is the answer.    Mr. Makovsky. Could I just add one thing on that? Ken brings up a good point. I will just say, one of those countries was Ukraine. And they gave up their nukes with the Budapest agreement in 1994 based on assurances from the United States, the Russians, and the British that their sovereignty will be maintained. As we all have seen, of course, over the last 1\1/2\ years, those assurances were not honored, and that is, obviously, an incentive for other countries not to repeat the mistake the Ukrainians made.    Mr. Makovsky. If I may add a point, Congressman, just to add to your point. I am not in a rush to hire the Supreme Leader as a real estate agent. But I think it is just more, frankly, that we have played an extremely strong hand unbelievably weakly.    In fact, historically, if you look back, obviously, Munich, people always cite Munich as always one of the worst diplomatic blunders in 1938. But in fairness to Neville Chamberlain, the Germans were a rising power, the British needed to rearm their RAF and so on, and they had no historical connections to Czechoslovakia.    We, on the other hand, have longstanding interests. We are a superpower. If we wanted to, we could certainly deliver an incredible military blow to the Iranians. We are the superpower, yet we are acting more like a supplicant.    And it gets to your first point, Mr. Congressman. You asked, what if they violate it? I will just cite a Washington Post editorial this week where they talked about the warped proclivity of the administration to respond to questions about Iran's performance by attacking those who raise them.    And the Iranians have violated the Joint Plan of Action, and each time it has been raised, including recent weeks about the oxidation issue, the administration not only has defended the Iranians or not reported it, but they have attacked, like, David Albright and others who have actually brought it to our attention.    So I fear that they will violate, as long as this administration is in power, they will try to minimize it or hide it or defend it, because then it will admit failure of their policy. So I think if they violate it, we will have to wait till the next President for that to be addressed more fully.    Mr. Makovsky. Thank you, Congressman. By the way, I wasn't here to justify Neville Chamberlain's actions. I was just trying to explain them.    Mr. Makovsky. Right. Exactly.    I agree. I think the Washington Post editorial this week, I thought was excellent, and I commend you for quoting that. I think that I agree that this will--we talk about alternatives to the deal, as Ranking Member Engel is raising. I think these are bad choices, so you have got to figure out what is the least terrible choice, and there are going to be bad alternatives all around, there is no question about it.    So I think, again, one of the worst consequences of this deal--not the alternative--a consequence is rising tension in the region. When you have a weaker United States, I think we all agree on that, all the panelists agree that without a strong United States with credibility, the countries are going to take a lot of actions into their own hand, including on the nuclear front.    And, again, there is just going to be rising tension and a greater risk--I am not predicting it--but not only a major conventional war, but possibly at some point of a conflict, whether intentionally or through miscalculation, a nuclear conflict in the region because there will be a lot more countries with nuclear weapons, and it could draw us in as well.    Mr. Makovsky. Just a quick thing, Mr. Congressman, just on that. I think the inspection issue that Steve raised is just further challenged by the fact that we are permitting in this emerging deal, based on what we know, an extensive infrastructure in Iran to remain in place. If we had demanded a U.N. Security Council resolution, like our policy had been until a couple years ago, a complete dismantlement of their infrastructure, it would have made inspections easier.    Mr. Makovsky. I think it is an excellent point that you should raise to him when you see him.    Mr. Makovsky. But I would say that I wouldn't discount, although many I think in Washington and certainly the administration believe the Israelis will no longer strike. I think there is still a decent likelihood that they still will at the last moment, that they feel compelled to, because they will feel no alternative. I am not predicting it, I am just saying----    Mr. Makovsky. And that could also be a consequence of this deal.    Mr. Makovsky. That is right.    Mr. Makovsky. Very possible. I wasn't trying to say that it is a slam dunk, to use a common phrase, a famous phrase. I am just trying to give you the other side, is what I am trying to say. I have also spoken to Air Force generals and others who believe that actually we do have a viable strike. It has always been our policy, by the way, that we do have this capability, and it is possible that they could race. But it is also very possible--but I also think it is more likely that if they do--if we agree to a deal that allows them to get nuclear weapons at some point, that other countries in the region are going to race to it before that even happens.    So I think that is even a more likely outcome than you mentioned about the Iranians racing to a bomb. I think we can feel very confident other countries will get nuclear weapons if we don't stop this before it spreads in the region by whatever means. But there are bad consequences to anything we do here, there is no question about it.    Mr. Makovsky. Well, I think if you--you are together, but together in a terrible arrangement that is going to cause a lot more problems. I don't think that is a positive end. And I am not saying necessarily that we have to turn to a military option, but unless we at a minimum have a very credible one and ratchet up the sanctions, which I believe we could do, certainly with the oil market the way it is, I think if we did that, there is a chance of a better deal. But, again, I think we shouldn't just think about alternatives, we have to think about consequences.    Mr. Makovsky. It is a good question, Mr. Congressman. Look, obviously, where we are, you are right. I guess, if we had to use a baseball analogy, we might be in the bottom of the ninth, I still believe with one strike left you still have a chance sometimes to win a ballgame, and I wouldn't want to give anything up. In fact, I am from St. Louis. That is exactly what we did in the 2011 World Series. And I would say that----    Mr. Makovsky. I apologize for that.    But I think we shouldn't underestimate--Ranking Member Engel had raised this before--we shouldn't underestimate two things. That American leadership, it is your body, Congress, which led on sanctions, and that the administration on some issues, and this committee, certainly, Mr. Chairman and the ranking member, you guys led on sanctions on banking, on a lot of things, and you got the world to go around with you. And by the way, the odds were great on that.    And I think that if there is a deal concluded and there is an overwhelming majority of the Members of Congress that oppose this deal, I think it sends a strong signal, and I think there is still a chance, then.    Mr. Makovsky. I will just jump in real quickly and then turn it over to Mike Doran.    On your last point, Congressman, I don't hear a lot of discussion. I do think that is the ultimate solution to this is not sanctions, not military option; it is regime change. But I think I can say with more confidence that if there is this deal, then it will strengthen the regime. And you will have less, it will be less likely that there will be regime change with this deal. This will be one of the consequences of this deal. Their policy will be vindicated. They will be able to oppress. They will have a lot more money, not just for butter but to oppress their people internally. And they are one of the leading oppressors in the world. And they will essentially gain immunity from attack from outside once they achieve their nuclear weapons capability.    So I think this deal certainly strengthens the regime and makes what you are saying, regime change, which I think we all think would be much better, far less likely.    Mr. Makovsky. I don't think that's the summary that the administration will give, of course. I think that will be it. I would add that it is not just about Iran getting nuclear weapons. I think if this deal goes through, it is talking about now, it means a nuclear Middle East.    Mr. Makovsky. If I may just even step back a little more that Mike Doran did, I think he came into office, and this is, of course, speculative, believing that U.S. foreign policy for a long time had been a big mistake, that it had been counterproductive to our interest, that it had oftentimes even been immoral and diverted from domestic needs. So I think he sought to really upend, to reverse our policy in a lot of parts of the world, whether it is in the Middle East, or Russia, as Steve talked about.    So I think what we are dealing with Iran is just the Middle East component of this general world view.    I would say just one other point is that President Obama at least hasn't shown, that I can tell, a great capacity to learn and to shift policy based on--I mean, Jimmy Carter, for instance, very famously came into office, talked about an inordinate fear of communism. But after Afghanistan, he recognized, he shifted. I haven't seen that sense, that ability at least in this White House to self-reflect and to shift accordingly. I hope I am wrong by the way.    Mr. Makovsky. And have a nice day.