    Ms. WADE. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Huelskamp, Ranking Member Chu, and members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. I am pleased to be here on behalf of the National Federation of Independent Businesses as the Committee discusses the Small Business Health Insurance Tax Credit.    Small business owners rank the cost of health insurance as their most severe problem in operating their business out of 75 potential issues, with 56 percent of small business owners finding it a critical problem. The high cost of health insurance is the main reasons owners do not offer employer-sponsored health insurance and the main reason owners discontinue providing the benefit. And for those offering, many owners annually confront the arduous task of adjusting profit expectations, insurance plans, cost sharing, and other mechanisms to help absorb the often erratic changes in total premium costs. The rising cost of health insurance has forced many small employers to rethink the viability of offering health insurance to their employees, especially during and in the wake of the Great Recession.    Since 2008, the offer rates for small businesses with fewer than 50 employees has dropped precipitously. Small business owners are far more hesitant to commit themselves to offering a long-term, high-cost benefit. The offer rates for this group have fallen over 10 percentage points from 43 percent offering in 2008 to 32 percent in 2014.    The Small Business Health Insurance Tax Credit was a targeted approach to help curb health insurance costs for offering small employers and was intended to provide an incentive for those that do not to start offering. However, the tax credit was largely ineffective in both fronts as its design is exceedingly restrictive, complicated, and only offers limited and temporary relief to a larger small business cost problem. To date, the tax credit has generally served as a windfall for the few small business owners who qualify and take the time or pay an accountant to file for it.    The ineffectiveness of the tax credit is largely due to four factors. The first and most limiting factor in claiming the tax credit is that eligibility was targeted to and most beneficial for those small businesses least likely to offer health insurance. Health insurance operates very significantly by employee size of firm and average wages. Those businesses with lower than average wages are more likely to compensate employees in cash and not benefits. Health insurance costs would significantly crowd out employee's take-home pay. Smaller small businesses are also less likely to offer health insurance and those factors vary from high administrative burdens, low take-up rates, and higher than average premium costs.    Second, the tax credit is exceedingly complicated to verify eligibility and claim the credit. The IRS estimates that recordkeeping requirements to claim the credit average just under 11 hours for most filers. The education component is estimated to take about an hour and a half. And finally, the time spent preparing and filing is estimated to take an average of 2 hours and 45 minutes. While most small employers use a tax preparer for their business, the cost associated with claiming the tax credit will deter many from going through the process in the first place. Since 2010, NFIB has received numerous complaints from small business owners regarding the complexity of the tax credit. Some owners called to say that even their tax preparer told them the credit was not the extra cost associated with determining eligibility and filing the paperwork.    Third, the tax credit is temporary. At most, the credit was available to small business owners for 6 years that they started claiming the credit in 2010. Currently, small business owners can claim the credit for 2 years. Health insurance is a long-term benefit offered by employers to retain and recruit employees. Owners generally start offering the benefit when profits allow for the added cost. Profitability was an important factor in offering health insurance for 63 percent of newly offering firms. The tax credit is little relief in the long-term cost challenges small business owners face in offering health insurance.    And fourth, as of July 1, 2014, the Small Business Tax Credit is only available to qualifying businesses through the Small Business Health Options Program marketplaces. Most small employers purchase health insurance through an insurance agent and therefore, rely on the agent for suggesting health insurance options available to them. Only 13 percent of offering small businesses visited their SHOP Exchange, and of those offering and shopped, less than 1 percent purchased through the SHOP marketplace. Among nonoffering firms, 17 percent of small employers shopped for coverage through the SHOP Exchange. The vast majority of nonoffering firms did not select a plan through SHOP because the plans were too expensive.    The Small Business Health Insurance Tax Credit was too narrowly designed to be an effective cost-saving tool for small employers. The tax credit is now available to qualifying small business owners, small employers, for 5 years, and still very few businesses have benefited. But more importantly, health insurance costs continue to increase, and small business owners continue to struggle with their ability to afford offering the benefit.    I appreciate this opportunity to present NFIB's views and data on the effects of the Small Business Health Insurance Tax Credit, and I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Ms. WADE. It is a very common story that we are hearing from our members. And it is not, unfortunately, State specific. It is not size specific. They are all having a lot of frustrating circumstances in accessing SHOP, and looking to find more affordable health insurance for their employees. And if they are not offering insurance, finding a plan that would work for their business and for their employees. So yes, we are hearing many stories that are very similar to Mr. Jackson. And they are still coming in, unfortunately.    Ms. WADE. No, I absolutely agree. The tax credit is far too temporary and far too limiting to the people that are able to----    Ms. WADE. Absolutely. For small employers, offering health insurance is a very costly, long-term benefit that generally takes some time when they start their business to offer that. It is based on profitability, their certainty about where sales are projected to go in the near future. So offering the benefit is serious consideration for small business owners and for long-term.    Ms. WADE. Certainly, expanding the population that would be eligible for the tax credit would be immensely helpful. But still, I would say that it is a temporary approach to a larger cost issue that small business owners are facing. Thirty percent increase on average for health insurance costs since 2008 when profits and earnings and wages have been fairly stagnant for the small business population is still a hefty hurdle for them to get across to offer and keep offering health insurance. So while the tax credit is helpful for those that can access it, it is not a particularly helpful solution for the broader small business population in offering and affording health insurance for their employees.