    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral, welcome. You have got a big challenge on your hands. I have been on this committee since it was established, I have seen the Department grow and develop since it was established, and I can just assure you you have some inertia to deal with. You have some employees that you are gonna have to put the fear of God in their heart or nothing is going to change.    I have seen some good administrators precede you that ran into administrative pressures to back off; you are gonna run into that. But I want you to understand that you have got some folks that really believe they don't have to change, you will be gone before they are, and you need to make them understand that is not the case.    If they don't change what they are doing--now, it can't be slight changes, it is gonna be dramatic changes, or we are gonna have the results we have been getting for the last several years.    This most recent I.G. report that upset so many people was identical to the previous three I.G. reports over roughly a 5-year period of time. That is unacceptable, and that is people who are unwilling to do anything different and don't believe there are consequences for not doing anything different.    So, I hope that you will instill that understanding in them, that if they don't change, they are gone, and if you can't do that, you ought to be gone, and I think you would agree with that.    One concern I have got, I heard the Chairman make reference to the PreCheck program. Very good program as far as its goals. The problem we are running into, and I think when you move around airports you will see this, is that frequent travelers who are the people we want into this program, have gotten in to it. The FSDs at the airports have not adjusted the lane activity to accommodate that traffic, so now you spend more time in the PreCheck line than you do if you go into the priority lane--sky priority, whatever they call it, and just go through the typical take-your-shoes-off type.    That is silly, people are gonna stop going into the PreCheck program if they don't it find it enhances their ability to get through in a faster fashion. So, I hope you will address that issue with these airport folks, because we want the PreCheck program to continue and to be the method of getting safe people that we know through in an efficient manner so we can put more attention on those infrequent travelers who are more apt to have a problem.    I did hear you make reference to the fact that you understand the explosive detection canines are a valuable asset. They are the best asset you have, and I am not gonna talk in a open setting about the efficacy of the equipment or the personnel, but I would like to, soon as we are back from our August district work period, to meet with you in the SCIF and go over in detail what the shortcomings have been.    I used to chair the Transportation Security Subcommittee, I am very familiar with this subject matter and what I think needs to be done to remedy that. So, I look forward to that and I hope I can get your commitment to meet with me in September for that purpose.    Mr. Rogers. That is all I have got. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.