    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank you so very much, Mr. Chairman. And I thank the witnesses. I want to engage in a give and take with Mr. Calabrese, Mr. Salgado, and Mr. Rosenzweig if I might. But let me just ask a pointed question to Mr. Cook. Let me thank all of you for your service. And acknowledge that the Warshak case, Mr. Ceresney, I will not attribute your win or loss, I will just take the case as a Sixth Circuit case.    I just want to ask, since that case, the Warshak case, Mr. Cook, do you know whether or not the Department of Justice has used anything less than a warrant based on probable cause to compel a third-party provider to produce the contents of a communications? You all adhere to that?    Ms. Jackson Lee. All right. That's good. Let me move on then.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. To say that I come to this with a sense of trust of government not to sense that government is unworthy and consistently trying to undermine its citizens. But I am an adherent to the Fourth Amendment and its value and its value with the Founding Fathers. So let me engage the three of you. One, I'm going to go to you, Mr. Rosenzweig, to make it clear that issues dealing with terrorism and any elements thereof are specifically, pointedly, and appropriately excluded under this legislation. Are you comfortable with that?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I think it is important to make note of that. I'm on Homeland Security as well. America is obviously on alert. But we've always said since 9/11 that we would not allow fear to instruct and guide our interpretation of the Constitution. I want to go to Mr. Salgado.    Mr. Calabrese, there was a law professor at Yale Law School with the same name. Do you have any----    Ms. Jackson Lee. I had his class. So you'll be favored by your very name. But let me engage both of you in the question of the value and the sanctity of the Fourth Amendment and whether or not in this interpretation of this bill, which I understand so many of us are on the bill, but 100,000 petitions were sent to the White House to support it, whether it is obstructionist in terms of preventing law enforcement from doing their job. Can you all just engage? Maybe Mr. Calabrese will start and Mr. Salgado will finish.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Absolutely.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. Mr. Salgado, let me say that I too served as a judge and did a lot of PC warrants for police officers. And I think this should be a comfort. I had a responsibility to the police officer but also to the citizens, to be able to inquire what the basis of this warrant was. And that layer was placed in my hands.    I think the American people place their protection in our collective hands. What do you think? What is your perspective on that? And maybe, Mr. Ceresney, you might want to answer that you are not hindered by the present Sixth Circuit interpretation. But go ahead, Mr. Salgado.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Quickly. Thank you. Mr. Ceresney, do you want to comment on that as Mr. Yoder sits in the room on pins and needles wondering how we're going to treat his bill?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, I like this bill. But I'm willing to listen to the gentlemen. But I like our bill before us. And I look forward to it going to markup. I yield back.