    Mr. Swalwell. Thank you, Chair, and thank you to our witnesses.    And I wanted to start first with Ms. Kerrigan. Ms. Kerrigan, in your statement to the Committee, on page 2 you state in the third paragraph, if I'm correct, ``Regulation and the threat of new regulation continue to be a major issue of concern for our members.'' Is that right?    Mr. Swalwell. This is not the first time you've come to Washington to, I would say, argue that regulation of an industry is burdensome, is that right?    Mr. Swalwell. And, in fact, in 1997 you were on the federal legislative team for Philip Morris, is that right?    Mr. Swalwell. Have you ever----    Mr. Swalwell. Would it surprise you, Ms. Kerrigan, if in its Good Science Project Plan in October 1997 Philip Morris listed you as part of four people on its federal legislative team?    Mr. Swalwell. Okay. And would it surprise you if Philip Morris said that they intended to call as a witness to the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Hearing Karen Kerrigan with the Small Business Survival Committee and ask her whether she would consider testifying? She's done some very good work, having several letters to the editor published on OSHA issues?    Mr. Swalwell. But putting you on their federal legislative team would have been done without your permission?    Mr. Swalwell. Okay. And the Small Business Survival Committee did in fact back in the late '90s receive money from Philip Morris, is that right?    Mr. Swalwell. And----    Mr. Swalwell. And, Ms. Kerrigan, in 1999 on March 23, you sent a letter to Majority Leader Lott at the time stating that ``America's tobacco industry is a legitimate one.'' Is that right?    Mr. Swalwell. Behind you and to your right you'll see the Good Science Project Plan. That's Philip Morris's Good Science Project Plan where they list you, and you can see your name is highlighted in a red box, Karen Kerrigan, as being a federal legislative team member.    Mr. Swalwell. And would you call tobacco something that is good for science or good for health?    Mr. Swalwell. Okay. Thank you. No further questions, Chair.