    Mr. Francis. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Mrs. Davis, members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about weapons system acquisition this morning.    I think we know the overall problems being, weapons systems cost more and they take longer than expected. They perform well but generally not quite as well as we thought. I believe some of the top-level consequences are understood, that is the warfighter is somewhat underserved by systems that come late and buying power is reduced.    There are other consequences maybe that are less well understood; that is, when we pay more for a weapons system than we thought that we would in the beginning, we are making tradeoffs. We are deciding not to do other things because we are putting more money into this one system. And those opportunity costs I don't think are explicit or the tradeoffs are looked at, so we are not quite sure what we are giving up to put more money into system A.    The other thing is, weapons systems typically take more to operate and support than we think. They are a little less reliable. Again, those costs are kind of hidden once the acquisition is done. So, some consequences not so clear.    Our position is that the key to getting better acquisition outcomes, whether they are shorter cycle times, or as Dr. Chu mentioned, the right cycle times, is a better business case at milestone B. And I will talk about a business case in two parts: One is, what happens before milestone B. And that is when you are sending requirements and you really need your requirements to be--they need to be clear, flexible, but well informed by a couple of things: One is technology knowledge. How much technology is available to meet the requirement; and your engineering expertise. Do you understand the implications of the requirement for the design?    So if you come to a milestone B and you are asking for technologies that aren't mature yet, or you don't quite understand the implications for the design, you are in trouble. If you do come to milestone B with a pretty well-informed, reasonable set of requirements then you are kind of ready for the second half. And the second half of that is, what is your game plan going forward.    And we would say the second part of that business case then is a knowledge-based acquisition strategy that lays out a logical path for getting the design stable, building prototypes, testing, maturing the design, maturing production processes, and laying that out with the schedule and resources that allow that to be done nonconcurrently.    So, you ask yourself, well, why aren't we getting these kind of business cases routinely? Which is the David Packard question. We all know what needs to be done; the question is, why don't we do it? And I would say what I just described is a sound business case, but a sound business case isn't the same as a successful business case. And a successful business case is one that wins money.    And I still think predominantly in the Department, a successful business case is one that overstates or overpromises performance and understates cost and understates schedule. That is what still wins money today. And I would say the reason for that is there is still strong incentives, which we refer to as the acquisition culture in the Department, that put pressure on these kind of business cases.    And I will give you a couple examples of what is kind of under the hood. First is the competition for funds in the Pentagon is pretty intense to start a new program, so that does create incentives to overpromise performance and understate the investment cost. Also, weapons systems are highly symbolic. They are more than just a piece of equipment at the right price. They involve policies, roles and missions, careers, jobs, budget shares, so they carry a lot of weight.    If you look at the private sector, when the private sector does a product development, it is an expense. They are spending their own money to finance the development and they don't make any money until they get into production. So that creates real incentives to get the business case right, because if they are late, the customer walks. If you are Ford and you build a Ford Taurus that is 5 years late, it has a $50,000 sticker price and it gets bad gas mileage, your customer walks, and the investment is lost.    And the Department of Defense, when you get a program started, it is a revenue stream. It is not an expense. So you get a bigger budget share. And those incentives then are quite different. And at the end, the customer isn't going to walk. So if it costs too much, it takes longer, it underperforms, the customer is still going to buy.    So in the private sector, the point of sale is after development when you are in production. In the Department of Defense, the point of sale is at milestone B. In fact, I would say it is before milestone B when you first approve funding. So it is a completely different psychology.    That is why things like--practices like cost estimating, everyone wants--or you would say policy says we should have good cost estimates. We all know how to do a good cost estimate. But they don't really help your business case. They are pretty inconvenient if they are high. Same is true for a fly-before-buy in testing. You would want early test results to see how good the system is, but they could be inconvenient as well.    So I think the real kicker is, to the extent business cases like this win funding approval they are sanctioned, and those principles then become what policy is, not what is in best practices or DOD policy.    So what to do, I would just say let's start thinking about the acquisition process as not something that is broken but something that is held in equilibrium by a set of incentives that are stronger than best practices. You know, moving forward there is a number of things we can do, we will probably talk about that more this morning, but it is going to take joint action on the part of the DOD and Congress.    And I will just list a few things. One is we need to separate technology development from product development; we need to take risks in the right places, which I would say is early in programs; and if we have to take a risk on a program after milestone B, let's declare them and pay for them. Let's take the risk together and be honest about them.    We have to do something about better aligning funding decisions with program decisions, because today you are having to make a funding decision 18 months in advance of a program decision. So once you put money on the table you can't take it off. We really need, as Dr. Chu mentioned, a really good investment in program managers and systems engineering staff.    And then finally, I would say my hope, my appeal is to Congress to be the game changer in acquisition reform and that will be manifested by what you do in funding programs. So I would say for programs that don't measure up to good business cases, say no. I think a couple of good no's in the process from the Congress is going to send the right example as to what you expect.    So that is my hope. I am looking for you to be the game changers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    I just want to ask each of you to comment, because each of you have touched on this in the comments that you have made so far. And one of the concerns that I have heard over and over is, especially for complex systems, we invent as we are in production. Dr. Chu said we reward programs for getting into production. Mr. Francis was just talking about this. So the incentive of the current system is to get that program past the milestone B, that is where you get the dedicated line of funding, and the incentive is to do that even if the technology has not been developed that you are going to rely upon.    And so, part of what happens is you are inventing as you are producing, and that results in delays, cost overruns, and so forth. So the suggestion has been made to me that if you separate technology development from production and you don't take anything to production until the technology is established and proven, that maybe you could improve that situation with the adaptability that you all talked about so that as improvements in technology are developed, then you can plug it in.    So Mr. Hunter, what is your reaction to that? I mean, part of what we are trying to do is get below the symptoms, the surface here, and dig down into deeper root causes that have caused people concern. Is this a root cause, and is that something that together we should explore with the Pentagon?    Mr. Francis. I think it is definitely one of the big root causes. I think part of the solution lies in the fact that we have to enable those technologies, so we do have to take those risks to make those gains. So we are not arguing against that, but the burden needs to be borne more heavily in the science and technology community. And we typically aren't funding it to carry technologies that far.    And the mechanisms we have to transition technologies to programs aren't very good. So programs are a better place, if you will, to fund the programs, which is not what we want. I also think when programs are doing their analysis of alternatives, there is incentives to advertise very high performance, which means you are counting on technologies that haven't been invented yet.    So I think we can go forward, bring technologies to higher level before milestone B. If we still have to take risks, let's take the risks and pay for them upfront. Or, as I think Mr. Hunter was suggesting, go forward with the design that is flexible enough that you can bring in improvements in technologies during the course of development.    The Chairman. Okay. Now, Mr. Pasqua, how does all this comport with your experience in the private sector? And is this, kind of what we have just been talking about, a path towards a more agile system, in your opinion?    Mr. Francis. Well, I think that is part of the problem. I think the issue with program managers is a real one. I think we are putting really outstanding people in those positions, but we are often handing them an impossible situation. So we hand them a business case that no one could execute.    We are not really giving them the training and glide path to put them in a position and really have the business acumen to do business with their private sector counterparts. And then we are not giving them a really good career path. So we don't put program managers in a good position to succeed, so that is a remedy that we need.    The other part, touching on your technology, is we are still short on systems engineers in the Department, and we particularly need that expertise before a milestone B decision so that you can work with those requirements and understand the preliminary design. So I think the work doesn't get done early, it falls on the shoulders of the PM , and the PM is not well equipped to handle it.    Mr. Francis. Mr. Forbes, I think obviously competition is a big issue. And so as there has been contraction, there has been less competition, and I think we have come through an era of really big platforms which made winners and losers out of industry. So if you didn't get on the next new platform, you were out of business. I think we are a little past that right now and so there is not as much big, new platforms coming. So I have some hope.    I think the other thing is, there are barriers, I think, that can be reduced for the government to attract more innovative commercial firms to do business. That may be kind of limited. I think the government also has to instead adapt to the fact that the private sector is funding so much more research and development. So the government has got to learn to adapt to that.    Mr. Francis. That is a tough question. I think the Army, you know, after the Big Five programs of the late 1970s and the early 1980s, has had a difficult time finding traction with aviation and its ground combat vehicles and came through a very difficult phase with the Future Combat Systems, where it was coming up with a completely different concept for fighting. And I think that was doomed by relying on technologies that simply weren't there and they just couldn't execute that.    I don't know that the Army is quite recovered from that. After the Future Combat Systems, which is predicated on fielding an array of 19-ton vehicles that could be airlifted, the next vehicle that the Army developed was the ground combat vehicle which was a 70-ton vehicle. So I think the Army has had some difficulty trying to identify just what it needs and how it wants to fight.    And when it decides on something it has been moving out a little bit too aggressively, trying to get it fast and discovers during the process that it is not a good concept. So I have seen that more with the Army than the other services.    Mr. Francis. So Mr. Rogers, I know when ULA was formed it was formed on the basis of they thought there was going to be a big commercial market. So what they were going to do for the Department they thought they were going to be able to adapt to the commercial market and that market did not materialize. So they became more dependent on DOD.    Now we have opened that up to commercial competition so we have commercial firms that are competing. We still have ULA, as one of the competitors now.    Mr. Francis. For the moment, right.    Mr. Francis. Right. So I think it depends on how good these commercial offerings are. Can their rockets--right now at this point we are trying to see whether they can handle those payloads and be reliable. And will there be a commercial market. So if the government is the only customer, it is hard to imagine you can have all of these suppliers. So it is going to depend on, I think, largely on the commercial market, and the government is going to have to protect its interest going forward.    Mr. Francis. So one thing is the science and technology budget is relatively fixed. I think if you look over the past 20 years, it is about 20 percent of the R&D budget. I don't know if that is the right number, but again, it is a fixed level of funding. Seems to me, if we are going to get ready for a next generation of something that maybe that S&T budget needs to be built up.    It is not big enough now to carry technologies far enough into maturity, so you end up having to hand them over to weapons system programs too early because they are the big bank for money. And there aren't really good mechanisms, at least consistent mechanisms right now, for science and technology managers to go into a transitional phase where they can work with program offices and successfully hand off technologies to those programs.    So I think there is some structural issues. There is funding, organizational, and then the fact that really it is the acquisition programs that are more in control of transition than science and technology organizations, which is different from the private sector.    Mr. Francis. There are some cases where the tradeoffs were explicit, so I remember, kind of using a reverse example, when the Comanche helicopter was cancelled, it freed up money which this committee, I think, took the lead on making sure that that money went into other Army aviation investments. So that is kind of using the negative to illustrate what should happen.    I don't really have good examples for when a program overruns and you need more money to do it and where did that money come from? So programs like the F-22, the Joint Strike Fighter, the Ford-class aircraft carrier that have overrun, we have made decisions to put more money into those to buy what we thought we were already buying, but I am not aware of where we have listed the tradeoffs. What did we give up to provide that extra money? Now, I have to believe that exists in the Pentagon, but I don't know if that is a debate that the Congress is afforded.    Mr. Francis. You know, I was thinking about that before I came in. I really can't think of examples where Congress said no. What Congress tends to do----    Mr. Francis. Oh, yes. So Future Combat Systems. I give this committee a lot of credit for having all the early hearings on Future Combat Systems. It was simply not possible. It didn't measure up to any reasonable test of an executable program. It relied on 50 uninvented technologies, and it was a $200 billion program, and we were going to do it, I think it was 19 separate programs, and were going to run all 19 in 5 years, in less time than it takes to run one program. It just was not executable.    What Congress tends to do and what it did in this case was it puts strings on the money. It will put a cap. It will put a condition that you can't go forward unless you report back. But it never said no to the program, so it took Robert Gates to say no to it. So Congress is reluctant to give a no. It will give an angry yes, but that is a yes nonetheless.    Mr. Francis. Sure. And Dr. Chu, his statement covers that as well. We need to take risks. So we don't want a situation where we don't take any risks and we never have any failures. You have to take risks. We are not going to have perfection here. Perfection I think would be a bad thing, but we can do better. We need to take those risks in science and technology. That provides the environment where failure is okay.    So the purpose of S&T is to discover. But once you get into product development, the purpose of product development is to deliver, and you can't invent on a schedule. So I would say we have to take those risks in science and technology and carry those risks further and resolve them. And if we can't, then we make an eyes-open decision that we are not going to take the risks in product development, and so we are going to take those out of the requirements; or we are going to take the risks but we are going to have to put the money up to take them.    So too often we say we are going to take these risks, but we have a risk mitigation plan in place that is going to make it okay. But that risk mitigation plan generally lacks two things, time and money, which are the consequences most likely to attend risk.    Mr. Francis. If I may, it can get pretty complicated, so an overrun, you get into a debate as to whose fault it is. Did the contractor deliberately underbid and then overrun, or did the government underestimate and----    Mr. Francis. Right. Actually as much as we talk about the Department of Defense, they are probably the best in acquisition. If you go to the civilian agencies, they are much worse generally.    Mr. Francis. A much higher percent, yes. This is probably the subject of another hearing, but the government and the contractors don't share the same interests. I mean, they are working together on a program, but where the government may be thinking it has got a contract to get a product for a certain price, where the contractor maximizes its profit. The contractor is also interested in a longer business line, keeping its facilities amortized and so forth, so they may sacrifice profit to get a larger volume of business, so two different incentives here.    Mr. Francis. Yes. I think a good example of what you are describing is what Secretary Gates brought up, so when the Army was really putting all of its emphasis on the Future Combat Systems for the next war, Secretary Gates made the point that we are not really focusing on the war that we are engaged right now.    And I think the issue becomes in some cases we are not anticipating well. So the science and technology community was not necessarily working on those up-armoring solutions. So, when the need arises, we have to react, and we have to react maybe suboptimally, so anticipation is important.    Mr. Francis. So, Ms. Speier, I think one of the issues there is not fully understanding what the requirements require from the design. And that is something we have had conversations with the chiefs about. They think they understand the general requirements, but they don't understand the thousands of specifications that are necessary to meet those requirements. And a lot of that translates into software code.    And I am trying to remember on the JSF , and maybe one of of my colleagues here can help me, but I think it is like 80 percent of JSF's functionality comes from software. I don't know that that is known in the beginning. And that is what, when I talked earlier about we need to know what the design requires and what risks we are taking upfront and we can make decisions on that.    Rather what tends to happen is we don't know enough when we start. These risks get played out later on, and we end up with what I call latent concurrencies, doing things at the same time that we didn't plan on doing at the same time. So if we are going to be concurrent, let's agree to it upfront and say we are taking that risk. If we don't want to be concurrent, then we have to understand the design better sooner.    Mr. Francis. So I will come back for the record with a list, but I think the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, the Army program, is something that needs to be looked at. Long Range Strike, when that program comes up, that needs to be looked at. Ohio-class replacement is another big one coming. DDG-51 Flight III right off the top of my head are big ones that I would think about.    And I think for Congress, where you really have to weigh in is, when money is being requested for these, so their milestone B decisions might be 2017 or so, but you have to ask those hard questions now when you are putting money on the table. So I will come back with another list, but perhaps some of my panel members here know about other new programs coming, or maybe not.    Mr. Francis. So, what I was suggesting was more on, are these programs executable? Whether they are needed, and what are the right solutions? You know, I have to think the Department really does consider that pretty heavily. You do have to ask those questions, and I would ask, I think it is hard to say these programs aren't needed.    The real hard question is, do we need this program at the expense of this other one? What tradeoff are we making? Those are fair questions to ask. I don't have evidence to say these programs aren't needed. But I do think where you can really weigh in is, we have talked about things like technology maturity. Is the design understood? Do the requirements reflect reality, or are they too lost.    Mr. Francis. So we haven't yet looked at Ohio class, or JLTV, or Long Range Strike. We are looking at Long Range Strike, but that is classified so we can maybe give you some information on that. So I don't have anything specific to offer there. On DDG-51 Flight III that is moving very fast. That is really rapid acquisition. We do have----    Mr. Francis. Pardon me?    Mr. Francis. I think in this case it is going a little faster than it should. It has been bundled into the multiyear for the DDG-51 Flight IIA.    Mr. Francis. Well, two things, Mr. Smith. I think when you talk about enabling technologies, technologies that make that platform possible, so on the carriers it is the Electromagnetic Launch System; it is the Dual Band Radar, and it is the Advanced Arresting Gear.    If these are enabling technologies, you have to have them matured before you go forward with the concept because they make the concept possible. Going forward from that, you want to have open systems architecture so you can then bring in modular improvements of that baseline.    Mr. Francis. That is right. So what is going on with the Ford class is not so much technology refresh as we go, it is technology discovery as we go.    Mr. Francis. So you have to have a two-pronged approach, I believe.    Mr. Francis. So a couple thoughts. I have been around long enough to remember when the A-10 was being developed and the Air Force wasn't particularly in love with it either.    Mr. Francis. So you have to want to do it. I think what Mr. Smith was saying is important. The 80 percent solution has to be okay.    Mr. Francis. And that is hard to sell because you have to show you can crush all the alternatives. So you need a 200 percent solution. Eighty percent has to be okay. The other thing we haven't talked about is there are cases where you want to put a time constraint on the development. So if you put time in there as a constraining factor and say, I want to get through the development phase in 4 years, what can I do then? That has a way of affecting the requirements of the design.    Mr. Francis. Well, Mr. Langevin, I would say definitely making the investments in the science and technology community, and giving them the budgets to take things further, so I think you have to have a wide funnel in the front. I think you want to have a lot of failures early, and then as you are paying for more mature technologies and higher levels of demonstration, obviously, you have to be more discriminating there.    But the S&T community, I think, should have the organization and the resources to take those technologies further up and be okay with having those failures early. Right now, I think it is not so much that we are afraid of failures, but we put things that haven't reached the point of failure yet, and we put them in an acquisition program, and then we discover what the failures are.    So I don't have really a problem. We were talking earlier about the carrier. I don't have a problem with what those key technologies are going through. The problem I would have is, where they are going through them. It is right during construction of the ship. So those are the risks that we have to take earlier.