    Mr. Horvath. Thank you very much. Chairman Miller and members of the Committee, thank you for this opportunity to testify this morning.    In 1846, Congress established the Smithsonian as a public-private partnership dedicated to the increase and diffusion of knowledge. Roughly 60 percent of our annual funding comes from Federal appropriations, 40 percent from philanthropy and other sources.    The Federal commitment provides the critical foundation for all that we do and is helpful in attracting private support. We are grateful for the continued confidence of the administration, the Congress, and the American people.    I assure you that the confidence is more than justified. The state of the Smithsonian is strong. We are making great progress and will welcome our 13th Secretary on July 1, Dr. David Skorton, currently president of Cornell, who will push for even more progress.    Since January 1, I have been privileged to serve as Acting Secretary. Upon Dr. Skorton's arrival, I will return to my previous post as Under Secretary for Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer.    I will do so firmly convinced that the Smithsonian is more efficient and entrepreneurial than ever. It is also more effective in offering close-up authentic experiences of what it means to be an American.    For example, on May 8, I stood atop our American History Museum to witness the World War II flyover celebrating Victory in Europe Day. I am sure many of you saw the historic planes flying over the National Mall.    Our National Air and Space Museum director, General Jack Dailey, participated. The former Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps was in the P-51 Mustang in the formation that executed the missing man maneuver.    The next day some of the participating planes were on display at our Air and Space Museum's Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center for all to see. The Center also houses, among many treasures, the Space Shuttle Discovery, which flew over the National Mall 3 years ago.    Online, we offer a three-dimensional scan of the Wright Flyer that any teacher, student, or lifetime learner can download free of charge.    As I looked west that day, I saw our National Museum of African American History and Culture rising out of the ground. Museum curators have collected more than 33,000 artifacts, including the Spirit of Tuskegee airplane. The museum is targeted to open in the fall of 2016.    We continue to implement our 2010 strategic plan that focuses on our four grand challenges. We have an ambitious agenda. The first phase of the renovated west wing of our American History Museum reopens on July 1. The Smithsonian American Art Museum's Renwick Gallery reopens on the November 13 after significant revitalization.    We can offer so much to so many people because the Smithsonian is the largest museum and research complex in the world with passionate professionals and volunteers devoted to their work.    We have 19 museums and galleries, 20 libraries, 9 research centers, the National Zoo, and 201 affiliate museums in 45 states, Puerto Rico, and Panama. We are open 364 days a year and admission is free. We operate in more than 130 countries.    If you can't come to us, we are coming to you through digital technology. Our more than 200 Web sites attract 100 million unique visitors.    We have 6.6 million followers on Facebook and Twitter alone. Last year our museums and galleries had almost 27 million visits and another 4.5 million people visited our traveling exhibits in all 50 States.    Our collections total 138 million objects, including 127 million scientific specimens, 340,000 works of art, 2 million library volumes, more than 2,000 live animals, and much more. Some of those treasures you see on the table in front of you.    We protect and present some of the Nation's greatest treasures, everything from the Star-Spangled Banner to the Hope Diamond, the Landsdowne portrait of George Washington to the skeleton of T-Rex, Edison's light bulb to Nat Turner's Bible. We take stewardship of these treasures very seriously, as reported to this Committee 2 years ago.    Since that time, we have made many improvements and completed an in-depth study of collection space needs that will inform our long-term capital plan.    Our 500 scientists are making important discoveries, especially regarding biodiversity issues through our ForestGEO, or Global Earth Observatories, network. It is a worldwide partnership monitoring the health of 6 million trees in 24 countries.    Our new Tennenbaum Marine Observatories initiative, or MarineGEO, seeks to replicate that success and assess the health of coastal areas and the oceans.    We offer American, Asian, and African art. We deliver educational materials to students and teachers in all 50 States. More than 2,000 learning resources, all tied to State standards, are available online for free.    For 30 years our Smithsonian Science Education Center has been improving K through 12 education in our Nation's schools through its innovative STEM program.    We do have concerns about the age and upkeep of our 12 million square feet of facilities, particularly at our Air and Space Museum, our zoo, our Freer Gallery of Art, our Arts and Industries Building, The Castle, and other sites. We will need your continued support in those areas to ensure the vitality of these spaces, many of which are historic.    Our 6,400 dedicated employees and 5,500 generous volunteers are creative, resourceful, and dedicated to our mission. That is why for the fifth year in a row the Smithsonian was ranked as one of the best places to work in the Federal Government. All of us are honored to be part of this great American Institution.    As we face both exciting new opportunities and imposing challenges, we will carefully steward the critically important resources provided by the Federal Government.    Again, I thank you for this opportunity, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Horvath. Certainly. The Smithsonian, at its core, is an educational institution. We have these wonderful objects. We do tremendous research. But one of our main objectives is to be able to get this information out as broadly and widely as possible.    We have had a long tradition of education being an important aspect of what we do. As mentioned, for 30 years, through the Smithsonian Science Education Center, we have been providing science curriculum free of charge throughout the country tailored to local standards for teachers, for students, for school districts. We feel it is important to try and help address the issues of STEM education and the like across the country.    A place where a couple of our priorities in the strategic plan come together is education and digitization. So one of the buzz phrases that we have developed at the Smithsonian is, ``If you can't come to the Smithsonian, we want to get the Smithsonian to you,'' and one of the strategies to do that is through digitization.    So all of these wonderful objects that we have, we are trying to digitize all of them, make them available to people across the country, in fact, across the world, for students, K through 12, higher education, lifelong learners, and provide these objects so that they can be studied and worked with in classrooms across the U.S. and not only in our spaces in Washington, D.C.    We are working on 3-D printing so that not only can you render 3-D objects online, but then also transfer them to printers and have your students create their own models of the Wright Flyer or the Space Shuttle. We are, in fact, in the middle of digitizing the Space Shuttle at this time.    So all of these activities and many, many more we are focused on, again, to try to continue to play an important role in furthering education across the country.    The Chairman. Could you tell us a little bit--I guess the National Zoo has, really, your most visitors and you have more visitors there than any of your other facilities. But among the museums, it is the Air and Space, I believe, that has the most amounts of visitors. But at any----    Mr. Horvath. Air and Space and Natural History always are neck and neck.    The Chairman. Neck and neck. Okay.    Well, I understand that sort of the outer envelope, if you will, of the Air and Space is in need of some serious structural repairs. Maybe you could tell us a bit about how you are planning for that and what we need to be aware of here.    Mr. Horvath. Certainly. We have a long-term capital plan. We have, as I mentioned, 12 million square feet of space. And so keeping those buildings vital and functional is an important priority for us.    A renovation of the building systems of Air and Space has long been in our plan, and we had envisioned it being our next big priority following the completion of the National Museum of African American History and Culture.    As we began the process of assessing the work that we would need to do in our feasibility study, we unfortunately uncovered the fact that the outer envelope, the facade that is comprised of Tennessee pink marble, is actually thinner in size than it should have been. And, unfortunately, after 40 years of wear and tear, it is starting to crack and bow.    We have now had three independent assessments by experts, and they have all concluded that that stone needs to come down and be replaced. It is just too thin to be repaired. And so all of that stone will need to be replaced. That is in addition to the other work that we had contemplated we would need to do anyway, like upgrading our air handling systems, completing repairs on the roof and the like.    The building opened in July of 1976. It was built with a notion that we would receive about 3 million visitors a year. We now receive about 6 or 7 million. So it has received a lot more wear and tear than was envisioned. And, obviously, our knowledge about what it takes to maintain precious and delicate objects like this has advanced as well.    And so, unfortunately, we are looking at a price tag of probably $500 million to fully renovate that building. It is a project that we are currently in the process of designing. We would hope to begin the renovation work sometime in 2017.    And our plan is to try during the course of that renovation to keep portions of the building open to the public because, again, since it is one of the most heavily visited museums in the world, we don't want to take all of those objects offline if we can possibly avoid that.    The Chairman. Wow. That is a huge price tag.    Mr. Horvath. Yes, it is.    The Chairman. Okay. I appreciate that.    The chair recognizes Mr. Vargas for questions.    Mr. Horvath. Should Congress authorize and approve funding for a Smithsonian American Latino museum, we would be honored to add such a museum to our portfolio and we would do everything in our power to do an exceptional job in delivering the museum to the American people.    Mr. Horvath. The budgetary uncertainty around the Federal budget has certainly forced us to do a lot of scenario planning and rethinking about priorities and potential new programs.    We were able to weather the sequestration that was implemented a couple of years ago because we had done a lot of preparation. But we knew, if there were long-term and additional reductions made, we would have to fundamentally rethink some of the basic operating premises of the Institution.    As you might imagine, given some of our facilities' challenges, like the one I just mentioned previously, we are obviously keenly aware of how important continued strong Federal funding will be for us to not only deal with some of those more acute problems, but to allow us to continue to push forward in terms of digitization, collection care initiatives, expansion of education programs and the like.    So, at present, we continue to develop a number of different strategies, depending on the levels of funding. We have also spent quite a bit of time and effort to ensure that our ability to raise non-Federal funds, private funds through philanthropy, through sponsored project support and other means, is as advanced and as effective as possible.    Mr. Horvath. We are in the midst of planning for the grand opening of the museum next fall. And so we are at the early stages. We intend to begin doing some preliminary kinds of events leading up to that. The museum itself is not waiting for the building to be finished.    We just opened a new exhibit in American History to begin showing some of the collection that has been amassed over the course of the last several years called ``Through the African American Lens.'' And I would encourage everyone who has an opportunity to go and see it.    And so, in expectation of the museum opening and not just generating excitement from the seemingly day-to-day changes that take place in the construction, we are trying to do programming and the like to get people excited and ready for the opening of the museum.    Mr. Horvath. We are still in the midst of very detailed design and planning. Right now our best estimate is it will take about 4.5 years of renovation time, and we will try to do it in phases through the building.    It is a little complicated because all of the building systems are integrated, but that is part of the challenge of what we are trying to study at this point.    So, again, it is very, very important for us to try as much as possible to keep portions of that building open so that our visitors can continue to benefit from the tremendous artifacts that we have.    Mr. Horvath. Right.    Mr. Horvath. Yes. There are a couple of examples where we have been doing that over the last several years. At the Natural History Museum, everyone knows the dinosaur hall is currently closed. That is partially driven by the desire and need to renovate that portion of the building as well as do some needed maintenance on the artifacts.    We have taken the same approach at American History. So back in 2008 we reopened the center core of the building, now the Star-Spangled Banner hall. We are working on the west side of the building and are very excited about reopening the first floor of that renovated space in July. And we have taken the same approach at the National Zoo.    So to the extent that, in some of the larger, more complex buildings where taking on the entire building would be astronomical in terms of cost, we have tried to parse them out.    In some cases, like at the Air and Space Museum, because of the way the building was built, it is just not as practical to be able to close portions of it and work on it in various points in time.    One of our biggest challenges is making sure that we continue to address the most pressing needs and try to use a combination of both maintenance as well as facilities capital funding to be as thoughtful as possible and keep our buildings in good shape.    Mr. Horvath. Certainly. We look at the importance of that object to the collection and the particular discipline that it supports. We ensure that we can safely and effectively keep it. And we also make sure that we have the expertise to study it and to tell its story.    Mr. Horvath. Not everything makes the cut. No.    Mr. Horvath. We have tremendous educational resources at the Smithsonian, some attached to the specific museums or research centers, some that are coordinated in more central ways.    One of our big initiatives across the board and, of course, in education is to take what we have and get it to folks, regardless of where they are geographically throughout the country.    So the Smithsonian Science Education Center for 30 years has been putting together curriculum that is tied to State standards that teachers in school districts can implement and use to teach science to kids from K through 12. It is hands-on learning and it is supplemented by a number of lesson plans and activities that can be downloaded. All of that material is provided for free.    We have a large Smithsonian traveling exhibition service which takes Smithsonian content throughout the country. And so, at many museums, large and small, across the country you can benefit from the same kind of content that you see in Washington, D.C., at your local museum throughout the country.    More and more we are trying to put a lot of our material online so that, even if you are not using some of the more formal materials that we provide, a teacher can download information, and can use a variety of support material that we provide to integrate into their classroom.    So we view education as central to our mission and as a way of really enlivening these objects and telling their story and using them in a way that helps inspire kids to learn.    Mr. Horvath. I think you are doing it. The more we can engage people in our facilities, in our programs, to understand the richness, the breadth and the depth of what we do, I think together we can learn about places where perhaps we aren't filling a gap where we could fill a gap.    We recognize that we can't do everything, but we believe that we can have a significant impact on improving the delivery of STEM education throughout the country and in teaching history, particularly about the history of the American experience and the like.    Mr. Horvath. I can get you specific numbers as part of the final testimony. I don't have those numbers offhand. But we----    Mr. Horvath . Make them available to anyone who wants them, and we actively engage with folks across the country.    Mr. Horvath. Four. Yes.    Mr. Horvath. It is fall of 2016. We don't have a specific date yet.    Mr. Horvath. I do.    Mr. Horvath. On a pretty frequent basis, move collections around our various museums. So the American Art Museum actually tells the story of America through art as opposed to specific historic artifacts. So we will sometimes move paintings from there to the American History Museum.    So there will be times when we will move certain objects back and forth, depending on the nature of the exhibition that is on or the particular story that we are trying to tell. So things will move around on a routine basis.    Mr. Horvath. It is a big thrust for us, ensuring that we have an institution that appeals to people who look like me and people a lot younger, like my son.    One example of what we have been able to do is the recently renovated and reopened Cooper Hewitt Museum in New York. We closed that museum for 3 years, fully renovated it, and reopened it in December 2014 to great fanfare by integrating tremendous amounts of technology into the visitor experience.    There is a new object called the ``Pen,'' which you can get when you walk in the door. And as you go along through the various exhibits, you touch a particular part of the exhibit and it downloads that object into an account for you, which you can then, when you are finished, email to yourself and continue to curate your collection when you get home or learn more about it because you only had a limited amount of time at the museum.    We are looking at the African American History and Culture Museum as well to integrate making of interactive digital and video experiences into the more traditional experience of physical objects.    So we are taking that very, very seriously and looking to----    Mr. Horvath. I think what we are looking for are opportunities to really amplify the objects. One of the latest apps that we created in Natural History is called ``Skin and Bones.'' It is very cool.    You take your phone. You look at a particular skeleton, and on your phone that skeleton comes to life. And you can see what that skeleton looked like when it was on the ground, and it does some virtual-reality movement and the like.    So we think the technology can really enhance the experience by giving you a much richer opportunity to dig in and to learn more.    Mr. Horvath. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you very much. Talking about skeletons, let me just ask you a question here about the Natural History Museum, and the T-Rex exhibit. You know, it is too bad you had to close the entire dinosaur exhibit down, but I guess I understand that.    But when is it all going to be open again?    Mr. Horvath. 2019.    The Chairman. 2019.    Mr. Horvath. 2019. Yes.    The Chairman. So you can't open any part of it without all of it opening?    Mr. Horvath. No. All of the renovation that we need to do is pretty extensive. It is a fairly large piece of the building. And the exhibits themselves, the skeletons and the like, are undergoing a fairly sensitive restoration as well. That is pretty painstaking work.    So what we are trying to do, again, through technology and other means is to try to satisfy that dinosaur itch that a lot of people have because that is one of the most popular exhibitions that we have in the Smithsonian.    The Chairman. Yes. It really is.    Just one last question and we will conclude the hearing here.    But we have had an opportunity to talk a bit about the possibility--I suppose you are going through the process right now of looking at the possibility of doing something over in London.    Perhaps you could tell us just a little bit about that so we have it on the record that you are looking into the process--I know your regents have talked about it a bit--and whether or not you think that is something that is a good idea.    I mean, we have got sort of deferred maintenance on some of these other facilities. Should we be doing that? What is the reason for that, et cetera?    Mr. Horvath. Certainly. As you might imagine, we are presented with opportunities on a regular basis to do interesting things. This opportunity in London was presented to us by the Mayor of London about a year or so ago.    His vision in the redevelopment of the facility that housed the 2012 summer games includes the creation of a cultural and educational quarter that would be populated with a number of cultural and education institutions, and his desire was to have the Smithsonian be part of that. It is an interesting idea. It certainly is interesting to think about doing something in the land of Smithson.    And early on we considered it and went back to them with a certain set of criteria. First, we would need a significant amount of financial support in order to do this. Secondly, we would not ask Congress for any additional funding to support this; so, it would have to be something that would be supported by private funding. And we would have to be sure that it fit within the mission of the Smithsonian.    I think we were able to satisfy ourselves on the ``mission-centricity'' of it. We are a very global entity already. A lot of that international work is focused on scientific research. This would be the first opportunity for the Smithsonian to be able to tell the story of America abroad. So it has a tremendous amount of appeal in that way.    We indicated that we would need to have space provided to us. We could not raise funding for that. And the Mayor and his team have identified a significant amount of private support that would enable that to happen.    And the final piece of the assessment that we are in the midst of right now is really looking at the financial model that we would need to implement and whether it would be able to sustain us for a long period of time.    So we are still in the investigative phase. We are excited about the prospect. We haven't made a final decision. And, as you might imagine, we have been in close contact with Dr. Skorton to ensure that his input is part of the overall process and that he feels comfortable with the progress or decisions that we are making along the way.    The Chairman. Thank you very much for that. We will want to be kept in the information loop as that process goes forward certainly, but I think that is a very interesting idea.    Without objection, I would say that all members will have 5 legislative days to submit to the chair additional written questions for the witness, which we will forward and ask the witness to respond as promptly as they can so that those answers might be made part of the record.    We certainly appreciate your attendance here today and appreciate your continuing service at the Smithsonian. We want to thank, as Mr. Davis said, all of the employees of the Smithsonian, some of who are here today.    You have a tremendous group of dedicated and committed individuals that really, really make it all happen there. So we certainly appreciate their service as well.    Without objection, the hearing is adjourned.