    Ms. Brown. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. Ms. Brown, you are recognized.    Ms. Brown. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. This morning we will be considering a report issued by the VA Inspector General on September 28th, 2015 regarding the inappropriate use of the position and misuse of reallocation programs and incentives. I am very concerned about the allegations contained in this report. I also believe that VA employees deserve to have a process that is fair and enable them to process necessarily to reach a fair conclusion. I have urged the Secretary to take suitable action after the VA has considered all of the evidence.    The VA is still in the process of making a determination. I understand the sensitive nature of this decision and I want to stress again that I am not urging a certain action but rather that a suitable action be taken at the appropriate time. I know that all members of this committee realize the sensitive nature of this morning's hearing and the balance we are trying to take between the committee's important oversight duties and the VA's ongoing investigation of these matters.    I look forward to the discussion of the VA IG's report on this matter. We know that the vast majority of all Veterans Benefits Administration employees, many of them veterans themselves, work hard everyday to provide veterans with the benefits they have earned. This is why the allegations and conclusions of this IG report is so troubling. We need to work together to ensure all Veterans employees, from senior leaders to front line employees, know that they will be rewarded for working hard and that any abuse of a position or authority will simply not be tolerated.    So let us discuss the VA IG reports. We are also waiting the VA determination regarding the issue raised in this report and the results of the VA review of incentive and relocation processes. This is the area where the committee has a direct oversight interest in to make sure that relocation incentives are used properly.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. Thank you very much, Ms. Brown. Thank you again members for being here. With us this morning is Ms. Linda Halliday, Deputy Inspector General, if you would, Ms. Halliday, please come up, with the VA Office of the Inspector General. We have heard her testimony on other issues in the past. We appreciate you being here today. And you are recognized for five minutes for your opening statement. Thank you very much.    Ms. Brown. On that point, on that very point, that is my concern. Because General Service, as I mentioned before and I mentioned it to you when you were here before, this is a government wide program. All of the agencies operate under this program. Now as of October 1, 2015, the VA will not longer offer this program to the VA employees. This raises the larger issue as to whether this program is being administered properly across the government, not just VA. I am concerned that the program as well, if it is not working for the VA, are they administering something wrong? Or is it a problem across the board?    You indicated you only could speak to VA. I am writing a letter to the GAO and asking them to give us an update as to how this program is working government wide. Because I think it is unfair if all of the other agencies are administering this program and it is working, and the VA employees are going to be left out. And we are talking about top level. But this program is available for all VA in the program that are moving and this is allowed for them. How is this going to affect the VA employees?    Ms. Brown. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Lamborn, you are recognized for five minutes.    Ms. Brown. No, sir. I think that we are going to move forward in looking at the entire program through General Services and making sure that VA employees are not penalized. But if the program is not working overall then we need to look at it. Because we have 13 agencies that use this program. And perhaps we are bringing something to the attention that everybody needs to double down on and take a look at. So thank you very much, and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having this hearing.    The Chairman. Thank you very much. And Ms. Halliday, thank you for appearing before this committee. There are no further questions so you are excused.    And I just want to summarize for the members this morning that the committee has voted to issue a subpoena to the five VA employees that we requested to appear before us today. They will now be required to testify at a hearing on November 2nd at 7:30 p.m. and be prepared to respond to questions. As a reminder, I will also be requesting the presence of former Under Secretary for Benefits Allison Hickey at the hearing to testify in her role as a private citizen. I would ask unanimous consent that all members would have five legislative days with which to revise and extend their remarks and add any extraneous material. And, without objection, so ordered. And now this hearing is adjourned. Thank you.