    Mr. Ross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grim, thank you for being here. It is refreshing to have your testimony because rarely do we have the ones who actually look under the hood and try to make it run on all cylinders and we have a chance to talk to them.    Specifically, and following up on my colleague from Georgia's questioning with regard to the Department of Labor's fiduciary definition, we are giving rise to a whole new cause of action. We are creating a situation that will eliminate the possibility to have the small investors to have adequate and appropriate advice.    My question to you is, to what degree has the SEC contacted you and advised you or you advised them as to what would be the appropriate response to that in terms of the rulemaking that the SEC is going through on a fiduciary rule?    Mr. Grim. So, the DOL--    Mr. Ross. They have reached out to you, right? They are looking to you? You are the technical expert here.    Mr. Grim. We have provided our subject matter expertise to them in conjunction with their development of the rule. I think that what we are doing as part of that is talking to them about our take on potential impacts on investors.    Mr. Ross. And the impact, for example, on fair compensation as opposed to reasonable compensation, and if the SEC comes down, has a different definition for fair compensation as opposed to the reasonable compensation that can be charged, there is going to be a conflict there, how do you resolve that between the two rules?    Mr. Grim. One of the issues in the fiduciary debate, whether it is the DOL side of it or the SEC side of it, is absolutely compensation and fee structure. Right now, investors have access to an investment adviser compensation structure, which is typically assets under management. On the broker side, it is typically Commission-based. And as we have studied potential impacts of--as part of the SEC rulemaking process, we have been very focused on making--in developing a recommendation for the Commission, being very conscious of those compensation issues.    Mr. Ross. Reasonable compensation is important, and I think a lot of my friends in this industry have built a career, and they, of course, have a livelihood that is dependent upon their investors being successful. And so I would think that they are more incentivized to give the proper advice than would be some bureaucrat in Washington, D.C., telling what they can charge or can't charge and what advice they can and can't give.    Let's talk briefly about FSOC's review of asset managers, because I think that is important. I have listened to your testimony today, and I can't really glean from the fact that you may believe that asset managers are really systemically important financial institutions. Am I wrong on that?    Mr. Grim. I think the way that FSOC--    Mr. Ross. Those are conduits. They are really conduits. They are managing money. They are managing assets.    Mr. Grim. Ultimately, the determination of whether an asset manager is systemic is up to FSOC.    Mr. Ross. But has FSOC reached out to you? Let's face it, they need to be looking to where the best expertise is, and I am assuming from your testimony and your background that is you. Have they reached out to you and said, ``Hey, what do you think is good criteria to determine whether an asset manager is a SIFI?''    Mr. Grim. Chair White has been very involved, as I understand it, in--    Mr. Ross. Let me ask you more directly: Do you have an opinion, based on your experience, as to what it would take, what criteria would need to be fulfilled in order to constitute an asset manager as a SIFI?    Mr. Grim. I think that I would say it is a little too early to say. I think right now the focus--    Mr. Ross. But if there is--there has to be some criteria. It can't just be such a subjective labeling that you simply say, ``Okay, this is what you are and we can't justify it, but good luck getting out of it,'' which is what the state of the law seems to be right now.    So, again, you are the expert, would you have an opinion as to what it would take in order to justify the labeling of an asset manager as a SIFI?    Mr. Grim. I think it is fair to say that if that determination is going to be made, it would be important to have criteria in place. But right now, of course, the focus at FSOC has been on this activities and products.    Mr. Ross. Would it not also be good, if there is such criteria, that it be allowed to be shared with the asset manager so that they can make corrective action to make sure that they either don't become labeled as such or at least have an exit ramp so they can get out of that labeling over a period of time? In other words, transparency in the criteria application.    Mr. Grim. Again, I would say, obviously that is going to be up to FSOC.    Mr. Ross. Again, you are the expert, just in your opinion, wouldn't that not be good?    Mr. Grim. I think in my--    Mr. Ross. In terms of due process, would it not be good?    Mr. Grim. In my opinion, I think that we just--right now the focus hasn't been on designation.    Mr. Ross. Just say, yes, it is okay.    Mr. Grim. It has been activities. And I think that has been a shift consistent with how the SEC--    Mr. Ross. Thank you, Mr. Grim. My time is up.    Mr. Grim. Thank you.    Mr. Ross. I yield back.