    Mr. Chollet. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Engel, members of the committee, it is an honor to appear before you again and I will briefly summarize my longer statement for the record.    I approach this important topic from a unique perspective. I served on President-elect Obama's NSC Transition Team 8 years ago and then I went on to serve for 6 years in the Obama administration at the State Department, at the Pentagon, and at the National Security Council staff at the White House. So, therefore, I follow the assessment of this administration's NSC system with great interest, since I both experienced and am partly responsible for many of the concerns that have been raised.    Consider the three most common concerns expressed about the current NSC. First, that it is too big; second, that it is too operational; and third, that it has a proclivity for too much micromanagement and too little strategic thinking. And let me take each in turn.    First, most experts and former officials believe that the NSC is too big. We certainly thought so during the 2008 transition from President Bush to President Obama, as does the current NSC leadership today. And yet the trend, I think, is headed in the right direction. Today's NSC policy and leadership staff consists of fewer than 200 people. And my understanding is that with the current downsizing underway, and there has been about a 15-percent cut in NSC staff since January 2015, the NSC staff size that Obama will leave next year will be roughly the same as what he inherited from President Bush in 2009.    And it is important to consider these numbers in context. Some of the widely cited higher numbers of the Obama NSC staff size reflect the back office functions like those staffing the White House situation room, the records management personnel, as well as the integration of the Homeland Security Council in 2009. And moreover, even despite its growth, the current NSC remains comparatively small. The Joint Chiefs of Staff is over seven times larger. The State Department's Office of the Secretary is nearly twice the size of the NSC staff, as is the staff of the Congressional Research Service. So in many ways, the NSC's evolution reflects global complexity and how much the world and our Government has changed.    For example, the traditional regional policy offices, Latin America, Asia, Europe, et cetera, have looked similar in both size and function during the past several decades, yet there are now new policy dimensions the NSC must cover such as cybersecurity, climate change, WMD proliferation, biosecurity and global health, global economics, counterterrorism. Few of these issues were prominent a quarter century ago and none of them reside in a single agency, which is why close coordination is so important.    Because of this complexity and the importance for the President to maintain flexibility in how she or he can respond to events, I believe it is a mistake to impose arbitrary caps on the NSC staff size, nor do I believe it wise to make the position of National Security Advisor require Senate confirmation. And here, I can do no better than echo the 1987 Tower Commission Report, which studied this issue carefully and in its warning that doing so, making the NSC Advisor Senate-confirmed would undermine the Presidential advisory role the National Security Advisor must play and only create more bureaucratic confusion and tension than it would resolve.    Now, concerns about the NSC size relate directly to a second enduring critique that the NSC is too operational. Now, agencies must be given the responsibility and be held accountable for doing their jobs. And in my experience, that is what Presidents and members of the NSC staff wanted. But at the same time, agencies must operate within the policy parameters set by the President. Now, sometimes, when the White House tried to enforce regular order and place the agencies in charge of a policy, then it was accused of taking its eye off the ball. And where you stand often depends on whether you agree with the policy direction. For example, Obama's NSC has held tight control over U.S. troop levels in Iraq and Afghanistan but it is important to remember that the Bush White House conducted the same intense oversight when managing the surge in Iraq from the West Wing in 2007 and 2008. Moreover, some policy issues lend themselves to a strong White House lead and many of those delicate tasks require such agility that they are best managed from a tight circle within the White House.    Yet, these must be the exception, rather than the rule, which brings us to the third common critique, that by micromanaging, the NSC is not doing enough strategy.    I used to run the strategy office at the NSC. So, I can fully appreciate how difficult this task can be. And in today's tumultuous policy environment where our President is expected to respond to almost everything instantly, it is very difficult to keep the urgent from overwhelming the important. Crisis management tends to dominate the NSC's operations. And although during my time and since, the NSC staff worked very hard to allow senior officials the opportunity to think about long-term strategy and examine crosscutting issues, it has not nearly been enough.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Engel, members of this committee, the recent focus on the NSC's design and operation has generated an important debate. I welcome congressional attention to this issue. My hope is that by opening up this conversation, we can make some necessary changes, empower agencies to do their jobs, while ensuring that the President gets the advice and support she or he requires to conduct a strong, coordinated, and strategic national security policy that serves the interest of the American people.    Thank you very much and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Chollet. Yes, well I very much want to echo what the Ambassador has said. Tsars have been, in the past, a good thing but there is also too much of a good thing. And the tsars that I, both at the State Department or at the White House that I worked closely with during my time in government, whether going back to the Clinton administration, the tsar on the Balkans, or during the Obama administration the SRAP structure on Afghanistan and Pakistan at the State Department, were successful, had some challenges, but were successful in trying to bring about greater coordination both within the Department. It is also within the broader interagency. But clearly, every administration, I think, in the modern era has seen a proliferation of these tsars. And when a new team comes in--we certainly did this in 2008, I expect the next transition team will do the same--is take a close look at these various idiosyncratic bureaucratic structures that administrations create, sometimes for personnel reasons, sometimes because an issue becomes so important that they don't want it to overwhelm the other senior officials who have the whole world to worry about. But I think we have to be very mindful moving forward that there can be too many of these and this will just create Band-Aids that don't actually get at the core coordination strategic problem that we are all interested in trying to solve.    Mr. Chollet. Thank you very much and I would be happy to follow up with you as well, if I don't get fully to answer your good questions. First, I will take it in reverse order.    On the tension between White House oversight, political oversight, and what is going on in military operations, I experienced that on both sides of the ball, right, at the NSC staff but then also when I served at the Pentagon as an Assistant Secretary.    And whereas there are examples, and I don't know exactly when the example that the Ambassador's report cited about when a junior staffer apparently called the Pentagon to ask for something that was completely out of order, that is not the regular order. That doesn't happen that often, at least in my experience. And when it does happen, it should be stopped, absolutely. The National Security Advisors I have worked for, the Secretary of Defenses I have worked for would not tolerate that.    That said, there is such a thing as Presidential control over the use of military force. So, if the NSC staff, on behalf of the President, is essentially ensuring that the agencies follow the President's prerogative on how that force should be used, what kind of targets we hit, what sort of operations we conduct, it seems to me that that is something we would want.    I was struck in 2008 coming into the Obama administration how intensively the Bush White House and the Iraq/Afghanistan tsar and the directorate that was created to run the surge in Iraq, in particular, how deeply involved in military operational issues that that team was, much to the distress of uniformed military and the Secretary of Defense at the time to have a sitting three-star general working in the basement of the West Wing, essentially running the surge in Iraq.    So, I think that should be the exception. It should not be the rule, which then gets back to the opening question, which was NSC staff, senior NSC officials engaging in direct foreign engagements. I think there should be as little of that as possible.    Throughout our history, we have seen National Security Advisors take on important missions on behalf of the President that are extremely sensitive and secretive. Henry Kissinger's opening to China----    Mr. Chollet . Brzezinski's normalization of China several years later. But then we have also as the Tower Commission pointed out, very negative examples of that.    Mr. Chollet. So, it should be the exception, not the rule.    Mr. Chollet. Fair enough. I used the most expansive numbers both for the NSC staff----    Mr. Chollet. So, I took the most number of them as well as CRS to try to make an apples to apples----    Mr. Chollet. No, no, no, no. This was the entire thing.    Mr. Chollet. So, this is----    Mr. Chollet. So, I included in the NSC staff the back office people.    Mr. Chollet. But there are people on health policy.    Mr. Chollet. I mean not domestic health policy but global health is a huge issue.    Mr. Chollet. I know you are out of time, so I will be very brief. I fully agree with what both of my colleagues here have said.    I just want to echo, sir, your point, which is mainly the growth of the NSC does reflect the growing complexity and size of our national security apparatus and that there are entire dimensions of policy that didn't exist 25 years ago that now the President needs to fully understand. He needs to have folks around him who fully understand. So, that explains a lot of the growth.    I think the NSC is too big. I think it can be smaller and I think the trend, as I said, is headed in the right direction but I don't think we should have an arbitrary cap on it.    Mr. Chollet. Just very briefly, I agree with that. And again, my experience is that that is a rare occurrence, where there is a junior staff who tries to call a four-star or a lieutenant colonel working in the NSC who calls an admiral to move a carrier battle group. It is an exception and not the rule.    Just one very quick observation on this question of oversight. When I served at the White House, I always found myself toggling back and forth between two perspectives. One is, why aren't the agencies doing what the President has decided? So, he decided to do something. Why isn't this happening or why is it happening too slowly? Or it is, what are they doing? The President hasn't decided yet. They are creating facts on the ground before the President has been able to actually make a decision on what he wants to do.    And I never found a way out of that dilemma, personally. And so I do think that there is a sort of secular trend toward greater oversight because, of course, that is the common answer for both. You hold more meetings. You do more taskings. You try to hold agencies accountable. And I think in some ways it goes back to this issue of we ultimately do hold the President accountable. When things go wrong, the President is blamed. When things go right, the President gets credit. And so the NSC staff as an extension of the President tends to be more involved in the policies and tasks.    Mr. Chollet. Sure. And Congressman, I served for a year and a half as the Senior Director for Strategic Planning at the White House. In terms of the creation of the national security strategy of the United States, which happens once every 3 years or so----    Mr. Chollet. Yes, yes, yes.    Mr. Chollet. Sure. I mean unfortunately, as someone who owned the strategic planning operation or ran it, I would have wanted to see it done more often but it has traditionally been done, going back to when the statute was created, I think twice in an administration. Bush did it twice. I think Clinton did it twice or did it more than twice.    Mr. Chollet. I believe there should be more strategic thinking in the White House. I very much applaud that recommendation in Atlantic Council's Report. As I said, we tried mightily to give our senior policymakers more time to think strategically and get out of the inbox but the press of events has been unrelenting.    And just very quickly, if I could, sir----    Mr. Chollet. I think one of the most important things that a new administration can do is try to get the sequencing right in how they do these strategies because no administration has gotten it right, where you start with the national security strategy, then you do the QDR, then you do the QDDR, and then you do all the other sort of agency-level strategies. And unfortunately, because of different oversight committees, different processes in the different departments, those are not well-aligned and it doesn't make much sense. I concede that.    Can I just say very briefly, not to get into individuals but I should, Ben Rhodes is a friend and colleague. I worked with him very closely during my time in the administration. He is one of the most talented people I have worked with in Washington. I have worked here for 20 years with a lot of talented people.    That said, both at DoD, State, and at the NSC, there a lot of folks that I worked with who were the best in the business and there are a lot of folks I worked with or some, I should say, that I worked with and I wondered how they got there.    This goes back to a question that I was given earlier that I didn't get a chance to answer which was there isn't really any quality training done really in any of the positions in the national security field. Basically, once you get out of school or if you are in the career foreign service or in the military you get a chance to do a stint at NDU, I think that is something we should take very seriously. I believe in past authorization bills from the State Department, that issue has been looked at, sort of career professional training but to ensure that we do have a higher standard in all of our agencies for senior officials.    Mr. Chollet. I will take the first shot, if I could.    Mr. Chollet. I agree with you. I don't think it is a crisis but I think it is legitimate and good that this committee, the Congress, the strategic community, those of us on the outside now are looking into this issue because we have an opportunity here coming up with a new President taking office to reform the NSC, to try to right-size it, to try to ensure that we are getting the most we can out of it, and to help the incoming administration think about these important issues that they are going to be inheriting because the NSC is very malleable.    The only thing in statute is the members of the actual NSC, the senior level members, and establishing the Executive Secretary. Everything else, the President can do things totally differently. And so climate change is a perfect example where that is an issue that didn't exist much 25 years ago and now, of course, it has been a major issue internationally and a major priority for this administration. So, although it is an issue set that doesn't solely reside in the NSC because there are other agencies within the Executive Office of the President that deal with the various issue of climate change, clearly, the effort of the United States Government to try to get at this issue, both in terms of how we behave here at home but also how we negotiate abroad is something the NSC has had to follow as the President has been engaging in international diplomacy on this issue.    Mr. Chollet. Both. I mean it is a priority. This is one of the greatest international----    Mr. Chollet. It is roughly seven times larger than the current NSC.    Mr. Chollet. They had more charts than we did.    Mr. Chollet. No.    Mr. Chollet. It is about 190 policy staff.    Mr. Chollet. Just one brief comment. And I think this is why this hearing is so important because it creates the space for a new administration to perhaps make some change.    I can speak personally from the transition from Bush to Obama, where we also came in with some big ideas about how the NSC should work better; the NSC was way too big under President Bush and we would make it slimmer and hold the agencies accountable. But then once in office, there was also an imperative don't screw up. Don't change things for the sake of changing things before you actually know what you are doing, particularly when we are a nation at war.    And this gets back to holding the President accountable. We want and the President should be held accountable. The President is the one who got elected. But at the same time, in order help the President make the system work as best as she or he can, there also needs to be a sense that there is space that should be allowed to make those important decisions and, perhaps, absorb some risk because that is part of the issue--the President's national security advisors don't want to take the risk. If I cut the staff too much and take away that oversight and that accountability that I am trying achieve here to serve the President, then we are going to get burned on the other end if something goes wrong.