    Mr. Lamborn. Certainly, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the staff and you, Mr. Chairman. No one has worked harder on this than you have.    And I am still gathering information about this very complicated issue. I am looking with an open mind at the bill. I have questions and concerns though, and I hope that my questions will clarify, at least for me, some of what these are.    Thank you all for being here today.    We are all concerned about the future of Puerto Rico. We want it to be a successful, thriving economy. We want this crisis to end, and end in such a way where it will not happen again. And we want everyone to be treated fairly--creditors, pensioners, everyday citizens, and so on.    I am going to ask a question about the oversight board. I will use that phrase because that is what the bill calls it. The oversight board--I am a little unclear as to whether or not it has the final say in what a plan is that it thinks is necessary to get out of the crisis for the future. And I see some conflicting things in the bill.    So if someone could sort of distill for me the essence of what the power of the oversight board is. Is it really something that is going to make a difference, or will it be over-ridden if the Governor or legislature do not like its recommendations? To me, this is a critical issue.    Who would like to take a crack at that?    Mr. Lamborn. What if the board and the Governor and/or legislature are at loggerheads on what the way forward is on an important part of the economy of Puerto Rico?    Mr. Lamborn. OK. Thank you very much. That, to me, is critical.    Another critical item--there are so many here, but in my remaining short time--is the rights of creditors who feel like they are not getting a good deal, the holdout creditors, let's say.    And, sir, you have been intimately involved with this in the past. What about holdout creditors, even if they are in the minority, how will they be treated?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Grijalva.    Mr. Lamborn . Thank you.    Representative Duncan.    Mr. Lamborn. Mr. Weiss, did you have a comment?    Mr. Lamborn. OK. Thank you.    Representative Polis.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    Representative Labrador.    Mr. Lamborn. Representative Costa.