    Mr. Lamborn. The Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources will come to order. We are here today to hear H.R. 3881, introduced by Representative Glenn Thompson of Pennsylvania, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest, the ``Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2015.''    Under Committee Rule 4(f), any oral opening statements at hearings are limited to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member, and the Vice Chair and a designee of the Ranking Member. This will allow us to hear from our witnesses sooner and help Members keep to their schedules.    Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that all other Members' opening statements be made part of the hearing record if they are submitted to the Subcommittee Clerk by 5:00 p.m. today.    Mr. Lamborn. Hearing no objection, so ordered. I now recognize myself for my opening statement.    Mr. Lamborn. This afternoon's hearing is on H.R. 3881, introduced by my colleague from Pennsylvania, Representative Glenn Thompson. This legislation addresses the U.S. Forest Service's long-standing attempt to usurp regulatory jurisdiction over private property rights in Northwestern Pennsylvania and the Allegheny National Forest.    Production of oil and natural gas in the Allegheny region has been occurring for over a century. In fact, long before Edwin Drake mechanically drilled the first commercial oil well in Titusville, Pennsylvania in 1859, Native Americans in the region skimmed crude oil from natural seepage and used it for medicinal purposes. While the Drake well sparked the first oil boom in the United States, the dawn of horizontal drilling, paired with the age-old method of hydraulic fracturing, led to the most recent boom in the Marcellus Shale.    In less than a decade, Pennsylvania has become the second largest producer of natural gas in the United States, behind Texas, and has contributed toward our Nation's renewed status in leading global production of energy. Unfortunately, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania's success also put it directly in the crosshairs of environmental activists focused on banning American energy production in this region and elsewhere.    All of the land that the Allegheny National Forest sits on was once privately owned. When the Federal Government acquired the land to establish a new national forest in 1923, most of the acquisition was of surface rights, with most of the subsurface mineral rights remaining in private ownership. Today, 93 percent of the subsurface mineral estate in the Allegheny National Forest is in private hands and is regulated under state law.    For decades, the Forest Service worked cooperatively with the state and energy producers in accordance with Federal and state laws. Yet in 2007, the Forest Service changed the game, eventually proposing new rules to apply NEPA to private mineral rights. Soon after, a sweetheart ``sue-and-settle'' deal occurred in which the Forest Service settled with Sierra Club and other environmental groups, agreeing to apply a multitude of new Federal regulations on these private mineral rights.    As a result of the settlement, the Forest Service also enacted an outright ban on future oil and natural gas development in the Allegheny until new regulations were finalized. Thankfully, Federal courts eventually struck down this regulatory over-reach, but not without a very real cost to many families and businesses in the Allegheny region.    Given the vast regulatory over-reach we have seen under this Administration, it is clear that the need to further rein in the Forest Service is very necessary. The way the Forest Service sought to trample upon the rights of private property owners and state jurisdiction in this instance is a cautionary tale for every single parcel of land managed by the Federal Government.    My colleague's legislation should be a model for eliminating statutory language that provides enough leeway for Federal agencies to run roughshod over private property rights. This bill will also help prevent the Forest Service from manipulating our broken regulatory system in the future to prevent the development of affordable energy upon which American families and businesses currently rely.    In his book, ``The Prize,'' Daniel Yergin includes a quote from the mid-19th century on the virtues of Pennsylvania's newfound oil resources: ``It is the light of the age . . . the brightest, and yet the cheapest in the world; a light fit for Kings and Royalists, and not unsuitable for Republicans and Democrats.'' I would say this statement still holds true. The safe and responsible development of American energy throughout our Nation enjoys support from responsible members of both the Republican and Democratic parties, from Pennsylvania to Texas, to the shores of California.    These resources will remain a fundamentally important energy source for American families, manufacturers, and businesses far into the future. The current regulatory environment is making it increasingly difficult and extremely costly to produce this much-needed energy in our Nation. In this instance, I am glad that the courts were able to prevent such over-reach from shutting down energy production on the Marcellus. Unfortunately, other areas of our country have not been so lucky.    With that, I look forward to hearing the testimony from our witnesses.    Mr. Lamborn. I now recognize the Ranking Minority Member for a statement.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the author of H.R. 3881, Representative Thompson, for a brief statement about the bill.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you. Now I will introduce our witnesses, and they are Mr. Mark Cline, President of the Pennsylvania Independent Petroleum Producers Association; Mr. Bud Shuffstall, National Association of Royalty Owners; Mr. Glenn Casamassa, Association Deputy Chief of the National Forest System at the U.S. Forest Service; Mr. Jim Furnish, former Deputy Chief of the U.S. Forest Service; and Mr. Craig Mayer, Secretary of the Pennsylvania Independent Oil & Gas Association.    Let me remind the witnesses that under our Committee Rules they must limit their oral statements to 5 minutes, but their entire statement will appear in the hearing record.    When you begin, the lights on the witness table will turn green. After 4 minutes, the yellow light will come on. Your time will have expired when the red light comes on, and I will ask you to complete your statement at that time.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Cline to testify.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Shuffstall to testify.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Casamassa to testify.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Furnish to testify.    Mr. Lamborn. All right.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Mayer to testify.    Mr. Lamborn. Mr. Mayer, we are going to have to ask you to finish.    Mr. Lamborn. All right, thank you. We will go on with our questions now.    I thank the panel for their testimony, I thank you all for being here. Reminding the Members that Committee Rule 3(d) imposes a 5-minute limit on questions, the Chair will now recognize Members for any questions they may wish to ask the witnesses. I will begin with myself, then the Ranking Member, and so on.    This first question will be for Mr. Mayer and Mr. Cline. Our Nation's shale gas revolution changed the world while lowering prices here at home.    Mr. Lamborn. As you can see on the chart on the screen, it has allowed American families, manufacturers, and other businesses to enjoy low energy prices and to flourish. A report issued by the Congressional Budget Office in December 2014 pointed out that if shale gas did not exist, the price of natural gas would be about 70 percent higher than currently projected by 2040, and that shale gas development has boosted our gross domestic product--that increase has been so large that if it came from a separate country, it would now be the world's third-largest natural gas supplier.    However, there are some even here in Congress who would campaign, and who are campaigning for President, who want to stop this production dead in its tracks. What if they did stop this production, and what would have happened to the shale gas revolution if the policies that we are talking about on the part of the Forest Service had been used by other agencies around the country before the shale gas revolution even took place?    Once again, Mr. Mayer or Mr. Cline?    Mr. Lamborn. Mr. Cline?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, thank you. Now I have a question for Mr. Shuffstall and Mr. Cline.    It is important to point out that sometimes even the mere threat of Federal regulation has very serious impacts on state and local economies, can be a powerful market force, and sometimes will even have impacts on a national or global scale. One example is President Obama's Clean Power Plan that the Supreme Court has put on hold. Implementation has been halted. Yet even if the courts strike it down, the very serious impacts of the rule are lasting, especially for the thousands of Americans who will be out of a job due to several coal companies having been driven into bankruptcy.    So my question is this: Even though private mineral rights owners won in court in this particular instance, how did the proposed regulations by the U.S. Forest Service impact your friends and neighbors and local economy, and would you say that there are even still some lasting consequences?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you. Mr. Cline?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, thank you. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member for any questions he might have.    Mr. Lamborn. No, I am afraid the time is up.    Mr. Lamborn. The Chair now recognizes the sponsor of the bill, the Representative from Pennsylvania, Mr. Thompson.    Mr. Lamborn. OK. This is a good discussion. We will now turn to Representative Hice for any questions he may have.    Mr. Lamborn. OK. Thank you. I want to thank the witnesses for their valuable testimony and the Members for their questions.    The members of the committee may have some additional questions for the witnesses, and I guess a couple have already been asked during the course of questions. I would ask that you respond to those in writing.    Under Committee Rule 4(h), the hearing record will be held open for 10 business days for these responses. If there is no further business, without objection the committee stands adjourned.