    Mrs. WALORSKI. Thank you, Chairman Boustany, thank you to Chairman Ryan as well, for hosting this historic joint hearing between our two committees as we better explore how our welfare system can discourage work.    As the chair of the Nutrition Subcommittee, we have spent the past 5 months exploring the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, also known as food stamps. Our review of the past, present, and future of SNAP is why we are here today. We will explore real issues with another committee that is having many of the same discussions as we are.    Throughout our review, I have stressed that we cannot just examine SNAP in a vacuum. We have to recognize there are other programs that exist and explore how they work or don't work together. In my home State of Indiana, my fellow Hoosiers aren't concerned about whose jurisdiction of committees this is. They care more about how we as legislators work together. Today is the next step in that process.    During our last hearing, witnesses discussed the importance of case management and how they engage with recipients. We heard stories detailing the barriers they face. For example, workers near the poverty line who are eligible for multiple assistance programs stand to lose financially by increasing their income as their benefits are phased out. This is described by analysts as the welfare cliff.    In the face of such a scenario, many people forego raises or put in fewer hours. Individual programs may attempt to address this, but it still requires a broader view of how programs interact to ensure that we as policymakers are not inadvertently discouraging work.    Welfare programs should support those in need, not deter them from reaching their full potential in the workplace. I do worry that this cliff is a serious obstacle when recipients try to enter, reenter, and remain in the workforce in order to climb the economic ladder. Helping recipients move into better paying jobs not only benefits their families, but also benefits taxpayers.    I am looking forward to hearing about ways to explore how we can improve the operation of these programs in order to help millions of Americans seeking a better future.    Again, I thank Chairman Ryan and Chairman Boustany for hosting, and I look forward to working with them in the future. I also want to thank all of our witnesses for being here today with us and look forward to their testimony.    Mrs. WALORSKI. Thank you, Chairman Boustany. And, again, thank you to the panel for being here.    Ms. McCorkle, I didn't get a chance to say hi when you came here, and we just came back from votes. But thank you so much for being here and testifying, Ms. Netus as well accompanying her. We have all the experts here. We have seen the graphs, so we have studied this. But you are the one that has actually lived through the process. So when we talk about, we have been talking about this cliff, this welfare cliff. And so my question to you is do you think the welfare cliff is real, and if so, can you just talk about the challenges of this whole process of reentering the workforce.    Mrs. WALORSKI. And so, Ms. Netus, if you could also kind of fill in here, and with what your organization does, and kind of like tie in this network and web together. So is Ms. McCorkle an exception to the rule? Do you see this pretty much as a--they have a new phenomena of this cliff?    Mrs. WALORSKI. Yes. I need to pause you there.    Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Steuerle, I just have a really quick follow-up on something you said as well when you talked governors and changing mind sets, things like that. What can local and State governments do? What kind of role can they play in this whole mobility issue?    Mrs. WALORSKI. I appreciate it. My time is up. Mr. Chairman, I yield back my time. Thank you.