    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Internet gambling has been an issue of particular interest to me during my service in Congress. I am personally opposed to Internet gambling because it is used as a mechanism to launder money, because it causes bankruptcy and breaks up families, and because it can even lead to suicide, as it did for a constituent from my district. I have introduced multiple bills dealing with Internet gambling in the past, and I am looking forward to a frank and detailed discussion with our distinguished witnesses, and the Members of this Subcommittee, on the topic.    As the Chairman noted, the OLC opinion reinterpreting the Wire Act caused a dramatic shift in the way the Department of Justice views the laws proscribing Internet gambling. In the three-plus years since the opinion was issued, it has led to an increased push toward the availability of online gambling in this Nation. Many participants in the gambling industry, from Indian tribes to state lottery commissions to casino operators, have been exploring ways to increase their involvement in remote gaming.    In this environment, we must explore ways to protect the rights of states to prevent unwanted Internet gambling from creeping across their borders and into their states. Updating the Wire Act can be a tool to protect states' rights to prohibit gambling activity. However, there is also another states' rights dynamic that we must acknowledge, and that is what to do about states that want to regulate and permit Internet gambling within their own borders. Some states have already legalized online gambling. Thus, any update to the Wire Act will need to address how to handle both the states that have already enacted laws allowing online gambling and any states that would want to do so in the future.    These are tough decisions, and we are having this hearing today to seek answers to these tough decisions.    While I am sympathetic to the argument that states are laboratories of democracy, I am also concerned about whether it is possible to keep this sort of gambling activity from crossing state lines and thus violating the rights of other states.    There is a role for Congress to play in upholding states' rights in this area. Wholly intrastate criminal conduct may nevertheless have an interstate nexus, or be facilitated utilizing an instrumentality of interstate commerce such as a highway, telephone network, or, yes, the Internet. It is therefore within Congress's purview to legislate this conduct. The question for the Members of this Committee, then, is whether Congress should act in this area, and if the approach taken by H.R. 707 is the appropriate way to do so.    I will be interested in our panel's take on that and many other questions. How would a state-by-state regulatory approach to Internet gambling affect the citizens of states who do not want legalized gambling within their borders? In other words, how would you ensure that online gambling, if legal in one state, wouldn't bleed over into a neighboring state where it is not legal, particularly since the Internet doesn't stop at state borders? Is geolocation technology sufficient to determine whether an individual who places a bet is physically present in a state where it is legal? Should all Internet gambling be prohibited? What should be done with states that have already passed laws to permit Internet gambling?    I look forward to discussing all these issues in detail with our witnesses. This is a complex issue and evokes strong opinions on all sides. Should we decide to move forward with legislation to address this issue, we need to do so deliberately and thoughtfully.    I thank the witnesses for their testimony and yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am going to go right down the line. I appreciate all your testimony, and I have a few brief, straightforward questions.    The first one is, what is your position on H.R. 707, the bill introduced by the gentleman from Utah? Are you in favor of it? Are you against it? And either way, is there a key issue or a few issues that would make a difference to you?    So, we will start with you, Professor Kindt.    Mr. Goodlatte. I am going to keep you short just because I have a bunch of questions I want to ask.    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Bernal?    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Fagan?    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Moylan?    Mr. Goodlatte. You mentioned some. Is it repairable, or is it----    Mr. Goodlatte. Got it.    Ms. Aftab?    Mr. Goodlatte. All right. Let me now ask you what your take is on the argument that states should be allowed to permit Internet gambling within their own borders, and what about non-Internet gambling, for example in a brick-and-mortar casino? Mr. Kindt?    Mr. Goodlatte. Should states be allowed to permit gambling within their own borders on the Internet?    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Bernal?    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you think the Federal Government should stop them, or do you think that is the responsibility of each state?    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Fagan?    Mr. Goodlatte. Including on the Internet?    Mr. Goodlatte. Within their state borders, they can do it on the Internet just like they do in brick and mortars.    Mr. Goodlatte. Okay. Mr. Moylan?    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you think the Federal Government should step in and protect a state that does not want Internet gambling from bleeding into its state, if you will, from states that do have it on the Internet?    Mr. Goodlatte. Ms. Aftab?    Mr. Goodlatte. Okay. Let me ask one more question, because I have a few seconds left. Do you see a difference between gambling via online poker and sports betting versus playing the lottery? Mr. Kindt?    Mr. Goodlatte. You are more troubled by that than by online Internet lottery?    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Bernal?    Mr. Goodlatte. Got it.    Mr. Fagan?    Mr. Goodlatte. I am out of time, and I want to give Mr. Moylan and Ms. Aftab, if the Chairman will permit, a chance to answer.    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you see a difference between gambling via online poker and sports betting versus playing the lottery?    Mr. Goodlatte. Ms. Aftab?    Mr. Goodlatte. Do you think that when we had a telephone as the only way of communicating, which is what we had when the Wire Act was written, do you think that it was contemplated--we knew that people would call up and say I want to put a bet on certain sports contests. But do you think somebody would call up on the phone back in 1964 and say put $50 on red and spin the roulette wheel and tell me whether or not I won?    Mr. Goodlatte. Probably not, right?    Mr. Goodlatte. So there is a problem there in the fact that some are trying to draw a distinction between the two, when there really isn't that big a distinction.    Mr. Goodlatte. No, I am saying lotteries on one side, but you have sports betting and you have casino gambling on the other side.    Mr. Goodlatte. Control within the state borders.    Mr. Goodlatte. Right. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.