    Mr. Cannon. Congressman DeFazio, I will attempt to answer your question.    The biographical assessment was created to provide some initial screening as applicants matriculated through the process. When we decided to change the process----    Mr. Cannon. Well, we can talk about the ATSAT a little later, but let me try to answer----    Mr. Cannon. OK.    Mr. Cannon. Yes, sir. The test is valid. Both versions of the biographical assessment----    Mr. Cannon. No, sir.    Mr. Cannon. Well, I don't believe we want to screen----    Mr. Cannon . Any particular individual.    Mr. Cannon. Yes, sir, I am. And I think it is producing results. And Ms. Bristol just said, we will exceed our hiring target this year.    Mr. Cannon. And we have a good start----    Mr. Cannon. No, sir. We are hiring any number of former military controllers. In fact, our most recent track 2 announcement, we did an all-sources announcement open and continuous back last December. Air Traffic Organization recently hired 260 and they are all veterans, all former military.    Mr. Cannon. Controllers.    Mr. Cannon. Sir, the biographical assessment, like any test, is basically--it predicts success at the academy, and CPC at first facility. It is not flawless, like all other tests. so----    Mr. Cannon. Well, what we have done is we have done--our consultants have done the validation work to ensure that the test is valid. That is legally an obligation we have as an agency, that any selection procedure or tool we use must be validated under the uniform guidelines----    Mr. Cannon. Modified the BA?    Mr. Cannon. And why we use it? Again, we created and used the biographical assessment for the 2014 announcement because it is a good screen, and it is validated for success at the academy and success at CPC at first facility.    We modified the biographical assessment in 2015 because between the 2014 and the 2015 announcement we had enough time to do a job task analysis to take a deeper look at the occupation to see if it had changed.    Mr. Cannon. Why would we use the same contractor?    Mr. Cannon. Well, I don't----    Mr. Cannon. Well, the contractor did not fail to do the job correctly the first time, sir.    Mr. Cannon. Sir, CTI students never got a bonus. What they had was a separate announcement in which they were placed in the inventory. The only thing we have done, if you really look at it closely, is we have taken them, and they are just competing in the pool with the rest of the U.S. citizens----    Mr. Cannon . And they are doing very, very well.    Mr. Cannon. Sir----    Mr. Cannon. Sir, they are actually doing better. If you can indulge me just for a second, they are actually doing better than they ever have. Let me give you just a few examples.    In fiscal year 2008 the FAA hired 2,196 controllers; 823 of those were CTI students. These numbers, by the way, are reported in the controller workforce plan. That is 37 percent. In fiscal year 2009 FAA hired 1,731 controllers, and only 335 were CTI students, 19 percent.    And then, in fiscal year 2010 and 2011, in the independent panel review report that was commissioned by Mr. Babbitt, and when he was the FAA Administrator, the FAA was roundly criticized because in fiscal year 2010 and 2011 out of 1,000 controller selections only 33 percent were CTI students.    Now, in fiscal year 2014, 47 percent of the 1,593 people selected were CTI grads or had some CTI education. And fiscal year 2015 that number ballooned to 50 percent. There were 1,452 out of 2,895 people who referred. So that is a 50-percent growth doing nothing at all but putting this new process in place.    Mr. Cannon. Yes.    Mr. Cannon. How many people do we have----    Mr. Cannon. Yes, right----    Mr. Cannon. Yes. Right now, sir, we----    Mr. Cannon. Well, I will speak first to the academy, and then I think my colleague can speak once we get to the facility.    Anyone going to the academy is on a temporary appointment, so they don't--they are not in the bargaining unit at that point, they have very limited appeal rights. So if they don't--if they are not successful at the academy, both in classroom, indoor behavior, or conduct, they can be gotten rid of very, very quickly. And there are some that go that way.    Mr. Cannon. Well, sir, I take your point. And we certainly have not sought to put up barriers.    After the 2014 announcement, we did look back at the initial process we put in place. It was always called the interim process. That is why we pulled the track 2 out. We did say let's not have people who already have experience have to go through a biographical assessment. And those people, when hired, can go direct to the facility.    So we have incrementally tried to improve what we started since 2014, and I think we have made some improvements there.    Mr. Cannon. They have to have not turned 31 by the original appointment, yes.    Mr. Cannon. Well, sir, I certainly agree with you and pay all respect to those who served this country.    With regard to the age, I believe there is proposed legislation that would take that age up to 35. I don't think there is any disagreement because it would still allow 20-plus years on the back end for a full ATC retirement for those individuals.    With regard to the announcement last December from which some 260 of those individuals who were selected--it was an open and continuous announcement. I think there is sometimes a misunderstanding when we say open and continuous. It doesn't mean it is open every day all the time. Because there still has to be some balance with how many people air traffic can then put into those facilities from those announcements. We are certainly working with our customer, air traffic, very close. And I expect we will have another one of those announcements out very, very, very soon.    But from that last announcement, all those selections were the individuals that--I think both you and I both--260, and they are matriculating through the security and medical process right now. Those individuals, sir, are also capable of applying on the entry level announcement. They actually have two bites at the apple.    So, if they don't get in or choose not to apply on the experienced announcement, they can apply under the entry level announcement, as well. So we provide two opportunities for them to come into the process.