    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank our witnesses for being here today and I want to thank you for this--the hearing, the second part of our subcommittee's hearing on the implementation of MACRA.    As we know, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act, or MACRA, was signed into law a little over 1 year ago. This landmark legislation repealed the flawed sustainable growth rate, the SGR, formulated to provide long-term stability to the Medicare physician fee schedule and reward value over volume.    It was critically important that Congress pass and the CMS institute a reasonable responsible payment policy for physicians and Incentivize quality care that spends our dollars wisely.    Now that the historic achievement of finally repealing and replacing the SGR has been made, staunch oversight over the implementation of MACRA is critical.    This will ensure that we do not make the same mistakes of the past. To do so, we need a system that's set up that's fair, smart and sophisticated enough to meet the unique challenges of a variety of providers participating in the Medicare system and their patients.    The physician stakeholder community provided extensive feedback during the development of MACRA and publicly supported and voted the bill through the passage into law.    Like all of us, the provider community appreciates this important step toward a more rational payment system and share a sense of ownership over it.    I want to thank the stakeholders who continue to work with this subcommittee and CMS to ensure that the legislation works for the spectrum of providers and their Medicare patients.    The emphasis on quality and value that underpins MACRA is consistent with the broader mission that Congress and the administration have engaged in over the last decade beginning with the Affordable Care Act.    As we know, MACRA provides stable updates for 5 years and ensures no changes are made to the current payment system for 4 years. In 2018 it establishes a streamlined improvement incentive payment program that will focus the fee for service system on providing quality and value.    The incentive payment program refer erred to as Merit-based Incentive Payment System, or MIPS, consolidates the three existing incentive programs continuing to focus on quality, resource use and a meaningful electronic health record use.    But unlike the past, it does this in a cohesive program that avoids redundancies. MACRA also provides another route to incentivize the movement away from volume-based payments by giving financial bonuses to providers who participate in alternative payment models, or APMs.    APMs hold great promise but their viability and effectiveness requires sophisticated construction and implementation.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses about their vision for the APMs, specifically how the model will be designed so that they are relevant to different specialties, different sizes of practice and in line with State-based initiatives and private insurance models.    APM should prioritize measures on outcome, patient experience, care coordination and measures of appropriate use of services. They should also take into account gaps in quality measurements and applicability of such measures across the various healthcare settings.    It is the intent of Congress that specific quality metrics used will be tailored to different provider specialties and each eligible professional will receive a composite quality score.    The challenges with constructing a system that fully accounts for the variabilities in providers and the type of care they're trained to provide and the patient mix as well as how to meaningfully evaluate quality are significant.    But I believe it can be accomplished. To do so, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, CMS, has initiated a rule making process. A rule is imminent. I know everyone in this room is looking forward to its release by CMS.    When the rule is announced I'm confident we'll see additional stakeholder engagement, collaboration, continuation of the transparent and public process throughout the course of implementation.    MIPs and the opportunity to participate in APMs is just around the corner. Now it's time to start preparing. I look forward to hearing from our panel on how they're instructing their peers to begin to prepare for transition.    This subcommittee will continue to exercise oversight over MACRA implementation, not just today but throughout the rule making process.    And again, Mr. Chairman, I thank you for calling the hearing and a follow-up and I hope we'll have other ones as we go along. Again, we don't want to repeat the problems of 1997.    I yield back.    Mr. Green. Chairman, I just want to thank my colleague from north Texas. But, you know, I felt the same way about the President because he got the Affordable Care Act called Obamacare and all he had to do is sign his name to it. We had to do the legwork. So I understand how you feel.    Mr. Green. All right.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, I want to thank our panel and you each represent different specialties and I just want to appreciate you taking your time and away from your practice.    My question of each--what are you instructing your members to do to prepare for the transition whether under MIPS, fee for service or the alternative payment methods?    Dr. McLean.    Mr. Green. Thank you.    Dr. Wergin.    Mr. Green. Dr. McAneny.    Mr. Green. OK. I only have a few seconds left.    Dr. Bailet, I was just wondering--you know, Congress subjected physicians for 18 years to the SGR and uncertainty. Electronic medical records is such a vital part of what we're doing.    Your accountable care organization, Aurora, is redesigning several approaches to patient care, especially in the area of heart failure and COPD. Can you describe these and also if you're suggesting in your practice and your other physicians anything different than what the other specialties make?    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Bailet, you brought up the potential impact of MACRA to transform patient care. Can you describe how you can see the APMs are beneficial to the--to the patients?    Mr. Green. Any of the other panel?    Mr. Green. Dr. Wergin.    Mr. Green. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.