    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, General Stewart and General Marrs, for your service and for being here today to testify.    Like many of my colleagues, I want to focus my question on the implications of a resurgent Russia to the Intelligence Community. In addition to your testimony today, we have heard from senior leaders in DOD, as well as leaders in academia, of Russia's resurgence and military modernization in terms of their ability to apply this hybrid threat model in Eastern Europe.    What is your assessment of how well our Intelligence Community is equipped to counter this hybrid threat, what changes have we made, and what changes do we still need to make in order to maintain pace with the very complex 21st century threats we are facing today?    General Stewart. I am not sure that I am at all comfortable with the hybrid threat description. I think most nation-states would be really insane to take us on in a conventional approach, because of our superiority in our conventional weapons systems.    So they are going to take us on in the information space and try to control and dominate the narrative, they are going to try to come after us in asymmetric large or small formations that will confuse our targeting effort. That only makes sense to counter the way we are structured and the way that we generally fight and have fought, for the last 15 or 20 years.    So I am sometimes anxious when I hear Russia ascribed to creating this hybrid threat warfare, because I think it just makes sense to counter our superior conventional capabilities.    Now, having said that, how do you defeat that? How do you get after that from an intelligence standpoint? That requires a significant more investment in understanding the open source environment, so that you can understand these little green men as they show up, because they are going to do some things in the open source that you ought to be able to exploit. You are going to require much more robust HUMINT capability, and those HUMINT capabilities must be targeted against specific threats and specific regions. And then you have got to have a way to deal with the idea that an adversary will want to deny, degrade, deceive, destroy your information environment, and your information messaging.    So if you can think your way through those, at least those three layers, you have got a chance to defeat the, quote, little green men, and then be able to apply conventional military capabilities against an advance.    Ms. Stefanik. Do you feel that the Intelligence Community is adequately equipped to address those threats that you just outlined and the changing nature related to the open source environment, the increase in HUMINT capabilities that we need? What changes do we need to make going forward?    General Stewart. So, yes, we are starting now to reenergize how we use open source as foundation to what we do in the Intelligence Community. I think for far too long we have invested in the high-end, high-technology collection where, in many cases, there is a great deal of information that we could use, foundational type of intelligence that is available open source, publicly available with limited or no expectation of privacy.    So we are starting to put the model together where we can leverage the open source environment. We are not there yet. We need a good governance model, we need a model that talks about ethical behavior in the open source environment, what are the right tradecrafts to use in the open source environment, how do you protect private citizens', American citizens', information in that environment. So we are stepping our way through that now.    In terms of the HUMINT aspect, there is still more that we need to do in refining precisely where those hard targets are and investing that human capability against those hard targets. I think we are making progress, but we are not quite where we need to be at this point.    Ms. Stefanik. General Marrs, do you have anything to add?    General Marrs. I think at this point I would just say that, and really it has been emphasized well by General Breedlove in his recent testimony, that there has been a concerted effort at the senior levels of the Department, not just in DOD with General Breedlove, the Secretary, and the chairman, but also working with Director Clapper on how to make these changes quickly. And I would be happy to talk in more detail in closed session on that.    Ms. Stefanik. Great. Thank you for your testimony.    I yield back.    The Chairman . Ms. Gabbard.