    Mrs. Beatty. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Ranking Member Waters.    Let me associate my opening comments with those of my colleagues. As someone relatively new, I have certainly never seen the number of people, which is not as important as the work and the service you do. So thank you for that.    We have heard a lot of questions about what you don't do. What is interesting to me is, I listen to the example about what you would provide as it relates to giving us information. And I think the analogy was to us getting classified information for ISIS.    We certainly know, from everything we have read and we have heard that our country is in trouble. So you were asked, and given that analogy, do you think, since your role is to protect the financial stability for us, are we in financial crisis right now, as we were, let's say, in 2008?    So I am trying to get--are we like ISIS is, to a threat in your world? And that is a yes or no, if you could just go down the panel. Are we in that same kind of threat in financial?    Ms. White?    Mrs. Beatty. Yes or no, straight down. Quickly.    Mrs. Beatty. Okay. I have an insurance question, but I will come back to that, Mr. Woodall, since you have been asked so many questions about this.    I also would like to associate, for the sake of time, myself with the words of Congressman Scott from Atlanta as it relates to not only the issue he talked about, but more importantly about Black wealth or minorities.    I am very concerned, and I know many of you have OMWE boards. But my question is beyond OMWE because I am not pleased with the answers that I have been given by you all with OMWE. While it is a big deal to me in Section 342, I don't think people have taken it as seriously as we should.    With that said, as a group, as you look at making your projections, as you evaluate where we should be financially, can at least three of you tell me what you do with minorities, and more specifically African-Americans, as it relates to banks, financial institutions? How are they included? Because you make projections that affect us and our constituents. And so I am concerned. Can anyone address that, quickly?    Mrs. Beatty. Okay.    Mrs. Beatty. --quickly.    Mrs. Beatty. Okay. We will take one more.    Mrs. Beatty. Okay. Thank you.    If Congress were to reduce stability of FSOC to perform its statutorily mandated function of overseeing financial markets for threats to stability, how could that impact the U.S. economy? We will go to the other end. Ms. White?    Mrs. Beatty. Okay.    Mr. Chairman, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission--later today the committee will be marking up a data security related bill, which I am sure should be very interesting to us. I am interested to hear what measures specifically FSOC has taken to facilitate dialogue to help us protect that.    Mrs. Beatty. And do we have any--my time is up, I am sure. Do we have any best practices developed? Yes or no?    Mrs. Beatty. Thank you. And--