    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for your testimony.    I was in the Middle East in May, en route to Afghanistan. We stopped in Kuwait and Qatar, met with the joint task force leadership, and we were at the air operation center, which I have spent time there myself. And they basically told us that, you know, we have got them on the defense, and 2 weeks later, Ramadi fell. And I am sort of simplifying our long conversations.    And then last Friday, the President said, we have got them contained, you know, right before the Paris attack. So clearly, you know, we have got gaps in intelligence and information.    Just, Mr. McLaughlin, with all your experience, what can we do in order to close some of those gaps and, you know, specifically as we are looking at a whole-of-government approach trying to choke off their resources, like what else can we do to build capability growing in the intelligence? Are there other things we can do short term? Long term? Clearly we have gaps.    Ms. McSally. Right. So I am on the Homeland Security Committee, and I was in the task force that was appointed for the last 6 months just to look at combating the flow of foreign fighters and terrorists. And we had 32 findings. We released our report in September. But one of them is related to going into dark space and then encryption and the challenges with that.    And look, we have been trying to raise the alarm bells for a long time now. Now, there is obviously a tremendous focus since last Friday, appropriately. But my next question, I only have a little bit of time left is, we are now focused on ISIS, but we also need to look at the region.    And you mentioned, Ambassador Crocker, the Sunni-Shia rift is now a canyon. A lot of our Sunni Arab allies are somewhat ambivalent and bystanding because, you know, they are not convinced that ISIS is a threat to them. They see this militant Islam state of Iran with America engaging with them and their influence in the region through Iraq and Assad, Hezbollah, Hamas, and they really think they are the threat.    So can you just speak to--I just have a little bit of time left--you know, the Sunni-Shia rift and how that is impacting the whole region?    Ambassador Crocker. This is the first time this has happened region-wide. Iran and Saudi Arabia used to be allied under the Shah, so it is not foreordained that it is this way, but it is this way. And that is why I have said several times here, and in my testimony, we have got to be extremely careful not to further fuel the perception among the Sunni Arabs led by Saudi Arabia that we are really cozying up to Iran.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ambassador Crocker. Because that is not the side of the canyon we are going to want to be sitting on given our longer-term interests. That is why, as we wade in with a more intensive campaign against Islamic State, we have got to balance that by causing some significant pain to Assad and those behind him.    So this is the problem from hell, trying to calibrate our actions, think them through, be sure we don't leap into motion, we will do something, think later, not a good idea right now. This is the moment to reassess post-Black Friday. We need to do it. We need to do it quickly, and we need to do it very, very thoughtfully.    Ms. McSally. Thank you. My time is expired. Thank you, gentlemen.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson.