    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here.    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you all. I appreciate you being here. I do want to thank all of you for your input and the work that you are doing.    Thanks, Mr. Gerber, for your clarification too. I think there were some inaccuracies that I had heard in some statements on the other side with some of the non-traded BDCs, and some statements that those were less than transparent. And I really appreciate you clearing that up, that there is an incredible amount of transparency and accountability available there. And that was very helpful.    I want to shift gears just a little bit if that is all right. And I think I will address this first one to Mr. Gerber, but then also, Mr. Foster and Mr. Quaadman, I would appreciate your thoughts on this as well, and maybe Mr. Arougheti, as well.    But I have heard a great deal about access to capital, and its role in creating jobs. I wonder, could you tell me a little bit more about the reality of how your business, Mr. Gerber, helps with job creation in the middle-market?    Mr. Hultgren. That is fantastic. I appreciate it. The number one thing we continue to talk about is job creation and how do we get this economy growing, and growing more quickly. And so that is great news, especially for my State of Illinois. We are looking for good news, so it is nice to hear about jobs being created there.    Mr. Quaadman, any thoughts from your membership on what you are hearing as far as access to capital, and specifically this tool that really is potentially beneficial on both ends, certainly from the investor side but also from the recipient of access to capital?    Mr. Hultgren. Yes. And it is something that is really part of my heartbeat is I just believe so strongly that really the foundation of this country is the ability for someone to have an idea, be passionate about it, have some gifts and talents that they want to put into this, but also to have partners that could come alongside where they can get access to capital to turn that into truly the American dream. We talk about that, but this is the reality.    But so, Mr. Foster and Mr. Arougheti, any other thoughts on this as far as job creation with this--    Mr. Hultgren. That is great I don't think that was something that I understood fully: the value that could come from that, and learning from other companies that are succeeding. Quite honestly, learning from successes and failures can be certainly beneficial to these small and medium-sized companies, as well.    Mr. Foster, any last thoughts?    Mr. Hultgren. My time has expired. Thank you all very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.