    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sadredin, my understanding is is that even after a nonattainment area is redesignated as being in attainment it is still subject to EPA oversight and maintenance plans for an additional 20 years. Can you explain if I am right on that understanding and how that works?    Mr. Griffith. All right. So let me--let me see if I can clarify and go from there, and I see some other, particularly Dr. Shaw, nodding his head.    So you've now--you've now hit the attainment and you said you have to put a maintenance plan in which, to me, makes some sense. But then you said you have to keep all the controls.    Does that mean that your new--you can have a new plan that says here's what we are going to do to maintain or do you have to keep all the controls in place that were in place even if there's no evidence that a particular control was relevant to bringing you into attainment?    Mr. Griffith. And I just want to make sure that I am not miscommunicating because my wife accuses me of doing that sometimes. So as I understand it, even if there is--even if there is evidence that one of the plans had nothing to do with you coming in to attainment and may just be superfluous, you still have to maintain that particular component?    Mr. Griffith. OK. Yes, sir. My time is running out so if you could be brief.    Mr. Griffith. You disagree?    Mr. Griffith. OK. So the distinction would be, however, if you've got a--if you're taking something out that does nothing but you have to put something back in, based on what I am hearing from both of you but it's a legalese thing, I may still have to put something back in even if I don't think it does any good if I am taking something out that doesn't do any good because you have to replace it with something that does the same type of thing.    And so--and we could debate this all day, but it sounds like to me that while there may be a slight distinction between what the two of you are saying it is basically the same.    You still--you've still got to plan. You've got a component. You can't just eliminate that component if it turns out to be not accurate.    I've got to move on because I do have another question I want to get in and I don't have much time left. Mr. Sadredin again, when the EPA revokes a standard, do States or localities continue to be subject to obligations under those standards?    Mr. Griffith. I appreciate it, and I yield back. That's the end of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.