    Mr. Green. Yes.    Mr. Green. I'm proud to be a co-fan with my good friend from the South with the Astros. But I want to thank the Chair and the ranking member for holding the hearing, and I want to thank Acting Administrator McCabe for coming. The EPA's Clean Power Plan has been subject to much debate. We're happy to have you here today.    Administrator, the EPA's Clean Power Plan changed significantly from the proposed rule to the final product. My understanding was the EPA wanted to be responsive to stakeholder feedback, including many concerns brought by the industry. The final rule included both reliability safety valve, and what looks like a reliability assurance mechanism. My question is, does the Memorandum of Understanding between DOE, EPA, and FERC function as the beginning of a reliability assurance mechanism? Can you explain what steps EPA took to insure that reliability before the implementation?    Mr. Green. Both Congressman Olson and Congressman Doyle over the past two Congresses and I have worked on legislation to address the must-run orders. Through a strange twist in the law, the DOE told a power plant to run even in violation of the Clean Air Act, the operator could be civilly liable. Does CPP include your reliability safety valve that allows 90-day must-run orders in the event of an emergency? Would an operator face potential litigation for following those orders?    Mr. Green. EPA stated that Federal implementation has not been finalized. EPA is deciding between rate-based or mass-based Federal implementation plan. The final rule indicated a 90-day comment period. How many comments has the agency received thus far?    Mr. Green. Does the agency anticipate extending the comment period? I guess will that depend on the amount of comments you receive?    Mr. Green. The final rule changed the way EPA views nuclear power. Can you explain further how existing or under construction nuclear could be counted?    Mr. Green. OK. Well, in Texas we have invested significant amounts in wind power, and I'd like to see the same done with solar. How does EPA envision the Clean Energy Incentives Program encouraging new construction of solar?    Mr. Green. My last 20 seconds, how does EPA envision the Clean Energy Incentive Program encouraging new construction? The EPA wants to establish a credit reserve, and will run into problems of verification, authenticity issues before, but how is EPA going to do that?    Mr. Green. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.