    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Blinken, for your presence here today.    The wire service writers did an extremely disturbing expose last year--a series of investigative reports--that found that the Obama administration gave undeserved passing grades to 14 countries with deplorable, and in many cases, worsening sex and labor trafficking records including China and Malaysia in Asia, Cuba, Oman, and others, making up 14 countries.    I've had hearings on this. I actually did a hearing a few weeks ago that was titled ``Get it Right This Time,'' with the new TIP Report that is poised to come out shortly, being very concerned that when the administration does what it did, and that is give undeserved passing grades to countries that have deplorable records. It sells out the trafficking victims in those countries and those who are hurt by those countries' governments and it also is a deplorable, I think, abandonment of human trafficking concerns that we as a nation have in a bipartisan way.    Will China's and Cuba's, for example, and the other records be whitewashed once again this year? Secondly, I met with Nguyen Van Dai in Hanoi in 2007. He is one of the greatest peaceful human rights lawyers that I have met and I have met many in dictatorships like Vietnam.    Will the President raise his case and demand his release? He has done nothing wrong, as you know, as we all know here in the United States, and he needs to be released immediately to let his wounds heal from the beatings that he has suffered at the hands of the Vietnamese Government.    Thirdly, India and Japan have engaged in, clearly, patterns of noncompliance with the Goldman Act on child abduction. I've had nine hearings on child abduction.    We've had parents, men and women, moms and dads, tearfully tell their stories with regards to Japan as well as India. And yet, they have not been leveled, especially Japan, having a pattern of noncompliance.    The April 30th deadline is fast approaching for that report. I hope that reality is contained in the report.    Finally, President Xi is on a tear, crushing civil society with his new draft law and crushing religious freedom, and even the churches--the Patriotic Church and the others that have worked in cooperation with the government are finding that their buildings are being demolished, their pastors are being incarcerated.    The G-20 will meet in Hangzhou in September. Our hope is that the President--and that is right where the crosses are being taken off churches, the bulldozing of churches is occurring--that the President will raise these.    The sinofication of religion by Xi Jinping, announced last year and just most recently in a speech he made, is all about all the religious bodies having no contact outside the country's borders, and secondly and ominously, that everybody of faith has to serve the Communist Party. That will destroy religion or at least it will attempt to do it. If you could answer this. Thank you.    Mr. Smith. And would you yield briefly?    Also, those that were left behind from the date of ratification.    Mr. Smith. Those cases are heartbreaking and multi-yeared.