    Admiral Michel. Sir, before I start my statement, with the committee's permission, if I could just take a couple of minutes to talk about a breaking news item.    Admiral Michel. Sir, this is a picture of a semisubmersible that the U.S. Coast Guard interdicted this morning in the eastern Pacific. It was interdicted at first light by one of our Coast Guard units, and our Coast Guard units are on board. They have control of the vessel. They also have four detainees on board, and it is estimated 3,000 kilos of cocaine, or 3 metric tons of cocaine are on board this vessel.    We will have to pull it off to actually count it, but that is what the initial estimates are. As you can see--and I will pass around the picture of this vessel. This is a classic semisubmersible. It is about 50 feet in length. You can see the water-cooled exhaust that they put in place here to keep heat sensor detection down. You can see that it is painted to match the color of the ocean. It is almost undetectable. I will pass this around.    I can't answer any specific details in the open forum here, but after the hearing, I am happy to talk to you about the details of this interdiction, but this is what we are facing today, sir, and this was taken down this morning.    Admiral Michel. Well, sir, congratulations to the Nation, and this is really a whole of Government team, including JIATF South that was engaged in this. It was the Coast Guard that took it down, but there is a lot more going on there than just the Coast Guard.    So with your permission, I would begin my statement.    Admiral Michel. Chairman Hunter, Ranking Member Garamendi, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on Coast Guard drug interdiction operations. My complete statement has been provided to the subcommittee, and I ask that it be entered into the record and that I be allowed to summarize my remarks.    Mr. Chairman, we continue to face a significant threat from transnational criminal organizations in the Western Hemisphere that use drug transit routes to the southern approaches of the United States. These illicit networks are advancing their deadly trades with coercion, intimidation, violence, and near impunity in our closest neighbors and in our border regions. Transnational criminal networks destabilize our neighbors, exploit our citizens, endanger public health, and threaten regional stability, and national security.    Last summer's influx of over 50,000 unaccompanied children was a tragic symptom of the region's instability and violence. Parents by the tens of thousands decided that it was better to turn their children over to human traffickers, who we call coyotes, for a chance of life in the United States rather than to live in countries wracked by some of the world's highest homicide rates resulting from transnational organized crime.    In September of 2014, Admiral Zukunft signed the Coast Guard's Western Hemisphere strategy that calls out three strategic priorities: combatting networks, securing borders, and safeguarding commerce. This strategy recognizes that the Coast Guard is uniquely positioned to attack a key center of gravity of transnational criminal networks.    The unmatched capability of maritime interdiction allows for the interdiction of concentrated, often multiton loads of expert quality drugs at sea before they can reach land and be broken down into small quantities that not only become extremely difficult to police but also cause death and devastation as they make their way to North American markets.    The cocaine trade, in particular, is uniquely vulnerable as the existence of the Darien Gap means that virtually all cocaine exported from South America must at some point during its journey travel by air or maritime means. This movement exposes conveyances to sensors and interdiction.    In addition, maritime interdiction often allows for the assertion of U.S. jurisdiction over the witnesses and evidence vital to identifying and attacking transnational criminal organizations closest to the head of the snake. Maritime interdiction against mostly go-fast boats, however, typically require sophisticated detection monitoring techniques in vast ocean spaces and an endgame carried out by flight deck-equipped cutters with embarked day/night airborne-use-of-force helicopters.    Coast Guard ships are the Nation's and our neighbors' defense forward against the transnational criminal threat beyond our land borders, beyond Mexico, and beyond Central America. When we detect a suspect vessel, our cutters, helicopters, and highly trained pursuit boat crews have a nearly 90-percent interdiction success rate.    Over the years, our operations have become extremely lean and efficient with the vast majority of interdictions happening as a result of intelligence cueing. In the last month alone, the Coast Guard has been involved in 22 counterdrug cases that have resulted in the arrest of more than 50 suspects, the removal of more than 12 metric tons of pure uncut cocaine on the sea, and that does not include this interdiction that I showed you this morning, sir. And denial to criminal networks of more than $400 million wholesale in drug proceeds.    While we have made substantial improvements in our tactics, techniques, and procedures, resource constraints leave us able to target only 37 percent of the high-confidence intelligence cases, almost always due to a lack of surface vessels.    To close this gap, the Coast Guard has undertaken four specific initiatives. We have increased our offshore presence to interdict drugs at sea, the initial results of which are encouraging. We have continued to build upon the 43 international maritime law enforcement bilateral agreements and work closely with the Department of State and our international partners in these interdiction efforts.    We are fully integrated in in Secretary Johnson's vision for unity of effort and the DHS task forces to secure America's southern border and approaches, and we continue to move forward with the acquisition of the affordable Offshore Patrol Cutter.    Recapitalizing the medium endurance cutter fleet with the OPC is the Coast Guard's number-one investment priority and is critical to our offshore presence and core missions. By the time we begin laying the keel for the first OPC, some of the legacy cutters they are scheduled to be replace will be more than 55 years old, well beyond their intended service life.    The time to recapitalize the fleet is now, and we are on schedule to award OPC detailed design in fiscal year 2016. In summary, the Coast Guard continues to exploit the unique benefits of maritime interdiction to combat transnational criminal networks. This forward defense of the Nation and the region applied at a critical center of gravity for transnational criminal networks requires highly specialized maritime assets and crews that are capable of countering a well-equipped, adaptable, and ruthless adversary.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today and for all you do for the men and women of the United States Coast Guard. I look forward to hearing your concerns and questions. Thank you.    Admiral Michel. Those figures are available. I don't have them, but I can provide them on the record. There is a question for the record.    Admiral Michel. I am not sure exactly.    Admiral Michel. Well, there is--it is a little more complicated than that. So JIATF South supports disruption of cocaine not only by the Coast Guard but also by other U.S. Government agencies as well as foreign partners, so they may assist the Government of Colombia or the Government of Canada or the U.K. or the Dutch or the French who contribute ships to this effort as well as the Central American partners, so they have got a broader scope than the Coast Guard.    The Coast Guard itself is supported by JIATF South, and our numbers have been pretty consistent, and it looks like ours is just a matter of ship effort. So we have already--last year we interdicted 91 metric tons of cocaine. That is what the Coast Guard was actually able to interdict. So far this year, just to date in this fiscal year, we are at 83 metric tons, not including the 3 that were on this semisubmersible, and we have still got 3 months of the year left to go.    So we are going to up our numbers, if I were guessing on trajectory here, probably up to 110, 115 metric tons when we get done here.    Admiral Michel. So the removal rate is based on--the numerator is the amount of known cocaine removed from the system, and the denominator is the U.S. Government's best estimate on the amount of flow that moves through the Western Hemisphere Transit Zone, and their confidence factors that go in there. It is based on production estimates, so you know, over the imaginary of cocoa fields and things likes that, plus known interdicted events with a certain degree of confidence, and then the Coast Guard is accountable for a portion of that.    Last year was 13.9 percent of that Western Hemisphere Transit Zone that the U.S. Coast Guard was accountable to get, and we got about 9 percent. And the long pole in the tent there is just simply numbers of ships. There was more actionable intelligence that would have allowed us to meet the goal down there, but we didn't have the ships to be able to do it. It is a pretty simple story.    Admiral Michel. That is correct. The removal rate is based on the known flow, and the USG target, writ large, USG was 36 percent of that flow was the entire USG target of which the Coast Guard is responsible for 13.9 percent of that.    Admiral Michel. Well, sir, that is the rub, ultimately, and our Commandant made an affirmative decision to increase our number of ships that we commit to the JIATF South effort in the Western Hemisphere Transit Zone by over 50 percent, and he did that by taking risk in additional Coast Guard mission sets.    I don't want to talk too much about that in this forum because some of that involves LE, law enforcement presence in other vectors, but the Commandant took a calculated risk because he felt the need to commit resources to that area to provide for regional stability and national security because those countries down there are really in a fight in addition to all the impacts that they have here.    So the way that we are bridging that gap is we are providing the best quality ships we can provide down there, which is our National Security Cutters, which have the best sensor capabilities, the best day/night AUF capability, which the Commandant has also plussed that up on our commitment of the airborne-use-of-force capability, which is critical to stop the go-fast boats, which is about 80 percent of the traffic moves on go-fast boats.    The other part is to continue to develop our intelligence mechanisms that will allow us to get at that other 30 percent that Admiral Schultz talked about there that we target but we can't detect because of lack of wide area surveillance or other type of intelligence capabilities, the ability to buy that down, and then trying to use every type of TTP and asset that we have, whether it is from a helicopter or pursuit boat to ensure that when we get those detected assets, that we are actually able to interdict then. And then we are waiting for the new assets the come online, sir.    Admiral Michel. Yes, sir. Well, a number of countries down there have some good capabilities. Mexico, for example, has really good capabilities, and Colombia has good capabilities as well. Most of the other partners have very dedicated people but very small boats and essentially no detection and monitoring capability.    When I was JIATF South Director, for the majority of the Central American partners, we had to actually commit an aircraft to walk a go-fast boat onto their small craft because they had no radar, they had no detection capability at all, and probably won't have any for a long time. So they are committed forces and well-trained people, but they are not very well-equipped.    There are other partners down there that do have good equipment, the French, the Dutch, the Canadians, the U.K. have had ships in the area and continue to work in the area, and those are obviously high-end quality ships, and we try to use those as much as possible. So you have got kind of a mixed bag on the local partners.    I will say this about most of the local partners. They also have no real prosecution back end. So one of the critical parts about getting U.S. jurisdiction is the ability to exploit those cases for intelligence value to allow you to identify the networks and feed the intelligence cycle, and some of the partner nations, the people go in there, and we are not sure exactly sort of what happens to them, but we are not able to get intelligence value from them, sir.    Admiral Michel. I will talk about mine, and then SOUTHCOM also has a large piece in this. Yes, there is a billion-dollar piece, and a chunk of that, about one-third of it is for security-related pieces. The Coast Guard actually plays in all the different areas, security, governance, and prosperity because of our port security work, our work with the legal teams that we send down there to make sure that they have got adequate laws and things like that to take care of maritime trafficking.    But we have mobile training teams that we put into place down there who work on them on outboard motor maintenance or working on their communications capability, try to train them to maintain their equipment and how to do law enforcement. We have also stood up for the first time our support to interdiction and prosecution teams which are composed of a Coast Guard investigative service agent as well as some of our maritime law enforcement experts who work with the Central American countries to try to ensure that they can take that interdiction that we help them with and they can bring it into their court system and provide the witnesses and evidence to actually gain prosecutions as well as gain the intelligence value from the cases.    Admiral Michel. Sir, my understanding is that the training money for the foreign nationals is on track, and part of that money comes from the Department of Defense and State Department. The Coast Guard has no organic foreign affairs authority. Most of the work that we do with foreign nations is done at somebody else's request, so it is funded through either State Department or DOD, typically under their programs.    Admiral Michel. So from a Coast Guard perspective, we have fielded right now the small unmanned aerial systems, the ScanEagles, and they are on a number of our cutters, including our National Security Cutters, and we operate those now. We are also a partner with CBP, Customs and Border Protection, in their Guardian unmanned aerial system program, which is essentially Predator B, a marinized Predator B, and we have worked with them, and they have actually deployed the Guardian down there into JIATFS AOR , both in the Dominican Republic and also out of Comalapa, which is a cooperative security location in El Salvador.    The Coast Guard is actually making its determination now as to where we want to place our investments in this very dynamic unmanned aerial system, you know, whether we would want to go with a shipped-based system, which has some attractiveness but you got to be able to recover it, or whether we use a long-dwell, land-based system, and what type of sensor capabilities and back-end processing piece would we need in order to do that.    But we work hand in hand with the Department of Defense, and that is one of the great advantages the Coast Guard brings to the table is we have got all the connections with DOD to try to learn the lessons before we sort of make the big jump on unmanned aerial systems.    Admiral Michel. Well, let me just take a quick stab. So when I first started in the Coast Guard in the mid-1980s, I was actually assigned on a patrol boat out of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and I would chase go-fast boats laden with cocaine right there into Miami Harbor, and those were the days of the Cocaine Cowboys where Miami was really on the brink. Those were the days of the shootout of the Dadeland Mall and all those things, and I can tell you, sir, we are a long ways from those days.    We have chased those guys back down through the Caribbean. They are still there but not in the numbers that they were back in those days, and now they are in Central America. There is a huge amount of progress that has been made. We interdicted----    Admiral Michel. And the reason that is, sir, is because of the efforts that we put in place here. It is the same reason that the country of Colombia is actually a productive and advancing country when it almost was a basket case at one point. So we have made tremendous progress. Is there a lot more work to do? Yes, sir, there absolutely is a lot more work to do, but for anybody to say we have not made measurable progress on this, I think, is misinformed.    Admiral Michel. Well, sir, we continue to have that because we continue to want to trade with the world. If we decided to completely shut down our borders to all trade, we probably could stop this trade, but we try to balance that out----    Admiral Michel . With our law enforcement efforts with other society desires.    Admiral Michel. It is a combination of both, ma'am. There is a certain quantity that is necessary to get the work done. On average, a major ship from either the Coast Guard or the Navy working for a year gets 20 metric tons of cocaine, which is a huge quantity of cocaine per ship, but each one of those ships can become more effective if you have more advanced sensor capabilities which allow them to find things like the semisubmersible.    I know you didn't see the picture of it, but we actually interdicted one of those this morning. I am sure they will share the picture of that with you and how difficult that is, and also the techniques for actually interdicting. So the airborne use of force which allows us to take on the go-fast boats. So it is a combination of both quantity, the number of ships that limit our ability to target, and then the better quality of the ship that allows it to have a better chance of detecting and interdicting that capability. It is a combination of both, ma'am.    Admiral Michel. Let me just add one other little piece here. So I think you are probably aware, but in Mexico and Central America, a number of the countries down there have declared various states of emergency, and they have actioned their militaries to actually counter this, which is the number-one threat that they face down there. They don't really have a nation state on nation state war problem, but they have a transnational criminal organization network.    It should concern every American that the Mexican armed forces are having to be on the streets of Mexico taking on the cartels because their law enforcement has been completely outstripped by these criminal organizations.    When you look at El Chapo Guzman, Los Cano Los Cano from the Zetas cartel, or Trevino Morales from the Zetas cartel, they were not taken down by Mexican local police or even Mexican Federal police. They were taken down by Mexican marines who were there trying to defend their country against these transnational criminal organizations who basically rot the state from the inside out through intimidation, corruption, all the different things that they do, and this is one of our closest neighbors.    And Mexico is a serious country. And to have a situation caused, at least in part, because of what American citizens are putting up their noses, to create that type of a national security situation in one of our closest neighbors should be a concern to every American beyond the public health problems that it creates in this country.    Admiral Michel. Well, it is absolutely critical, sir, in that the OPC is the replacement for the Medium Endurance Cutter which is the bulk and real workhorse of the Coast Guard's fleet, and we have got about 25 in the program of record of the OPC. The OPC is a sea state 5----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And I want to be clear, your MECs are all aging out.    Admiral Michel. The average age even if everything goes on schedule--average age for a 270-foot cutter when it comes off the line is 35, average age for a 210-foot cutter is 55.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK. So we are beyond service life.    Admiral Michel. Yes, sir.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. You need the OPC. It is going to give you better capabilities. I don't want to put words in your mouth, if you could agree or disagree with that. Could you agree or disagree that the OPC is going to give you better capabilities?    Admiral Michel. It does provide better capabilities. It is a modern system and it is a sea state 5 capable ship.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And it does help you--and again, I am not trying to put words in your mouth. I am asking for confirmation. It does help you to achieve your objectives within the overall maritime mission that you are tasked with.    Admiral Michel. No question.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK. So then we get to the budget request, and in the budget request, as we have just spoken about in the past, you have some very confusing language about no funding in there, but you are going to transfer funding, but you haven't identified the source, and I am not saying you, you understand, my friends at OMB, perhaps.    Can you talk a little bit about, about how these things actually line up? I mean, how is it that you are going to be able to achieve your mission in working together with the Navy and the other armed forces, how is it that you are going to be able to carry out your mission with regard to drug and alien interdiction and other missions the Coast Guard is tasked with whenever you are dealing with equipment that is well beyond its projected service life and there are not funds in the budget for you to achieve--for you to acquire new resources?    Admiral Michel. Yes, sir. I mean, that is the quandary in the world that I live in, and I will just give you an example. So on our 210-foot fleet, which is the older one, right now we lose about 20 percent of our scheduled time due to unscheduled maintenance, so these are, you know, major whole failures and other things that happen on that class of ship, and that situation only gets worse with time, so we need to replace that.    And the OPC, you hit the nail on the head. The current plan is that there will be an internal transfer within DHS of the roughly $69 million we need to do to proceed with detailed design work.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. But we don't know which couch to flip it over to find that?    Admiral Michel. I don't want to phrase it that way. Right now, the best that I have is I have assurances that that money transfer is going to take place and that the OPC is on schedule.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. One of the other things I am going to--I changed gears a little bit, but certainly the OPC's capabilities in regard to source and transit zones makes sense, but just quickly, Mr. Chairman, if it is OK. I am curious, could you talk a little bit about its capabilities and in terms of the Arctic and ops up there?    Admiral Michel. Right. So part of the reason it needs to be a sea state 5 capable ship is because this is not a one-for-one replacement with the Medium Endurance Cutter fleet. As a matter of fact, the 210-foot and 270-foot cutters, basically we tried to work those up in Alaska, and that is just too much weather. The distances are too great, and the weather is just horrendous.    So those ships really do not work, the 210-, 270-foot cutters up in the Bering. But because we are not a one-for-one replacement, we have got to have more flexibility with the--where we can assign those ships, and with a sea state 5 capable ship, that OPC can actually operate on a seasonal basis up there in that Alaskan area where we need it.    It is not going to be an ice capable ship or anything like that, but if you can understand that point, that is why we need sea state 5 capability because it is not a one-for-one replacement program.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Sure. And it will work complementary to your new ice breakers that we will be acquiring sometime soon, correct?    Admiral Michel. Well, I hope so, sir. I know they are kind of a twinkle in somebody's eye, and we should probably have some discussion about that, but yes, sir, they are all designed to work together as a system.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Sure. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral Michel. If I could just add a couple of points here. One thing we watch very carefully is Venezuela. I think you have seen Venezuela has got some stability issues, and unfortunately, the traffickers are exploiting that, so we have seen what Admiral Schultz mentioned there about additional flows coming out of Venezuela, and a lot of those impact the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico and the eastern Caribbean, so we are going to have to watch that very carefully.    Also adding onto Admiral Schultz, the standup of the Secretary of Homeland Security's new unity of effort joint task forces, of which Puerto Rico and southern Florida are all captured within what is called Joint Task Force East, which is actually dual hatted with our land area commander up in Norfolk, but they bring the entire DHS family together, so CBP, ICE , Coast Guard, the other supporting elements, all in the unity of effort format, along the lines of JIATF, if you know the way that they work, where they truly have a unified chain of command. This is not a sort of coordination element. This is real command and control from the Department of Homeland Security, and we are looking for great things from them along those vectors stretching into Puerto Rico and also south Florida. We are also watching the Cuba situation like we always do. Right now the Cuban Government is pretty good counterdrug, but we are going to have to see if that changes over time, but we watch that very carefully, sir.    Admiral Michel. We did see a spike here at the end of last year and into the beginning of this year, and when we interviewed the migrants, they said we heard that the wet foot/dry foot policy was going to be changing, so we want to make sure we got there. We have had a public relations campaign out there telling people that that is not true and making sure that they understand what the facts are.    And here over the summer, I think it has been relatively stable within kind of historic norms. And as always, we are ready for a mass migration, sir, and we watch that all the time and watch very carefully indicators and warnings both there and also in Haiti, the Dominican Republic, and those vectors where we have got some issues percolating. So we watch that very carefully, but we are ready with our Homeland Security Task Force Southeast, which is specifically designed to deal with these mass migration events.    Admiral Michel. Easy for him to say. He doesn't have to pay the bills.    But, no, the NSC is an incredible ship, sir. It is the most capable ship the Coast Guard has ever had. We are ecstatic with the NSC. And I just want to go on the record. Same time, it is not within our program of record, and we designed our program of record to be affordable and best meet our needs, and that ninth NSC is not a part of that.    And we cannot allow that to interfere with our other programs because, for example, on the OPC, that is the workhorse of the fleet, much cheaper ship to operate, plus it is smaller and can get into some of the dock spaces and things that we have. The NSC is just a much bigger ship, and that is why it was not a part of the program of record. Not because it is a great ship, but it is not within our affordability characteristics.    And, obviously, if someone were to give one of those to us--and I hope it would not interfere with the other things that we need in the system--then your Coast Guard stands ready to use that ship, sir.    Admiral Michel. Sir, that is the best ship available. I won't use the word ``Cadillac,'' sir, because I know you called me on that last time. But the NSC has the best sensor capabilities, the best command-and-control suite, operates the best helicopters, and is the best that we have in the fleet. It has got the endurance. It has got the speed. If you were to design a ship to work in this mission set, it would be the NSC.    So it is the best that we can possibly bring to the fight, but it is also expensive. And its magnitude is more expensive than the OPC, which won't have as many capabilities but hopefully will have more of them.    That kind of goes to Ms. Frankel's question of a balance between quality and quantity at a certain level, and we tried to do that in our program of record in addition to making sure the program is affordable.    Admiral Michel. I wish they would send me a thank-you note, sir.    Admiral Michel. Well, the Office of the National Drug Control Policy sets what the national goal is, and it is----    Admiral Michel. Well, it is 36 percent in 2015, 40 percent in 2016, and that is along the formulas we describe, their sort of known interdiction versus the known flow, and there are formulas that underlie each one. So they sent----    Admiral Michel. No, sir. It was actually a result of a study done a number of years ago that actually brought in some economists and some very smart people and came to the conclusion that if you could interdict 40 percent of the cocaine flow--and they were looking at the cocaine trade--that you could actually force the traffickers to change their business model in a radical method. And there is actually an intellectual basis for why that 40 percent was set that way.    Then it was negotiated amongst the interagency partners as to what were achievable goals for each year in order to get to that 40 percent. And there were studies done specifically on what it would take for the maritime interdiction forces to get to that 40 percent. And the study, my recollection, and I looked at the study when I was in JIATF South is that they figured that we would need about 16 ships in order to do the 40 percent, at the time that study was done. Now, this was done a number of years ago.    Now, some things have changed. The ships have gotten better. The technology has gotten better. The intelligence capabilities have gotten better. So 16 ships is probably an overstatement, in my opinion, up to this point, but even now, we are not fielding anything even approaching 16 ships in order to get down there at the 40 percent that need to be done. So there is analysis behind all that. And it is also run through an interagency negotiation process based on historical data. And that is where you come up with the Coast Guard's contribution.    And when you look at that historical data for our contribution of the removal, it converts directly into our resource commitments to the fight and what we think we can provide to the fight and what type of capabilities we can provide to the fight. Again, there is pretty good historical data that over a number of years, that for each capital ship that is put downrange by the U.S.--and also some of our foreign, the high-end foreign partners--1 year of ship effort is about 20 metric tons removed. So you can kind of do the math from there.    Now, part of it is beyond our control, you know, how much the traffickers plant, how much they move that year, what their production estimates, how much they decide to send to the U.S. and how much they decide to send to other global markets. So it is a difficult problem set, and recognize, the adversary does everything possible to keep all this from us. I mean, they want this all to remain in the dark. So it is based on our best estimates.    Admiral Michel. That is based on the Coast Guard commitment, yes, sir. That is what we sign up for in order to--our portion of the national goal for the removal rate in the Western Hemisphere Transit Zone and then that converts into the number of assets we can put into the fight, which varies. Sometimes our assets get pulled off in different directions. Sometimes we can do more. Sometimes we can do less.    Admiral Michel. Ship effort. It is pretty simple math from a Coast Guard perspective, sir. It is just--it is the number of ships and capable ships that are brought into the fight.    Admiral Michel. I will let Admiral Schultz jump in here, but just from a Coast Guard perspective, our admiral, Admiral Zukunft, talks specifically about this. And he understands the geostrategic perspective and understands the Navy gets pulled in a lot of different directions, and that is specifically why he committed additional Coast Guard resources to the Western Hemisphere Transit Zone. He said: This is an area where I can provide unique capability and be complementary to the other geopolitical moves that the combatant commanders are putting in place.    Admiral Michel. I get asked that question all the time, sir. Unfortunately, with every single combatant commander, there is more demand out there and more relevance for the Coast Guard than there is Coast Guard. And our Commandant has been specifically asked to provide resources to not only PACOM but all the other combatant commanders. And right now his best judgment is our Coast Guard resources are going to be put in the Western Hemisphere Transit Zone because this is an area of regional stability and national security where the Coast Guard can provide unique benefit to the Nation.    And that is his judgment. But it is a risk calculation, no question about it. The Coast Guard is increasingly relevant in the area, and when you see the bumping and all the other things going on, they are Coast Guard boats and typically not gray hulls doing that stuff, sir.    Admiral Michel. Absolutely, sir. Just take a look at that picture of that self-propelled semisubmersible. My guess is that probably has a carrying capacity of maybe 5 to 7 metric tons of anything that you want, and it can approach the United States almost undetectable. Most of those SPSSs--now, they are kind of in version four of those things--3,500-, 4,000-mile range, you know, the fact that we have sort of through our consumption patterns allowed the creation of really a bad guy battle lab for the development of these dark highly mobile asymmetric maritime targets should concern everybody.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And do you often see comingled loads, meaning drugs and aliens together and things like that?    Admiral Michel. Actually, rarely. We do see comingled drug loads. So we just had a load of heroin and cocaine. But, interestingly, typically, you will either get a drug boat or you will get a migrant boat.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK.    Admiral Michel. It is hard to say under what circumstance they would be legalized. As long as the traffickers can make a profit, they are going to be there. I mean, this goes to Mr. Sanford's question. You know, if they can undercut the marijuana market by growing marijuana overseas and putting it in the United States, even under a legalization scheme where you pay more, my guess is they would probably do it. I mean, that is--traffickers are going to make money.    Admiral Michel. Absolutely. Cocaine really is the money product. And a lot of the problems in Central America, it is not because of marijuana that is being dragged across there. Most of the marijuana is being made in the U.S. or Mexico or somewhere like that. It is because of the cocaine trade that exists here, and it is so insidious because it is a very high-value, very small product.    You have got to smuggle a lot of marijuana to make the same amount in cocaine, and that makes it more vulnerable, makes it more vulnerable to border tactics, like fences, makes it more vulnerable in the panga arena--I know that you are aware of--in San Diego and things. But the cocaine is incredibly dangerous. And once it gets past the JIATF forces and the Coast Guard forces down there, it is basically done. You are not going to get it.    When I was JIATF South Director, the average cocaine seizure, which was pretty rare on the Southwest border, was 4 to 7 kilos. A major seizure was 40 kilos. That one semisubmersible that I showed you there, 3,000 kilos. And you got that on the water before it got into Mexico and corrupted that government official, killed that kid in the drive-by shooting, plus you have got witnesses and evidence that can actually get you to the kingpins, so the head of the network that set all that stuff in motion. So it is the beauty of maritime interdiction. And so traffickers will make money if there is money to be made, sir.    Admiral Michel. Yes, sir. As a matter of fact, I toured a fully submersible vessel that was seized by the Colombian Navy, with some help from the United States, at its construction site in Bahia Malaga, Colombia. I have toured that vessel. That vessel is capable of going from Colombia to Los Angeles unrefueled in a snorkeling state.    We also seized a semisubmersible in San Lorenzo, Ecuador, in 2010. That is a fully submersible craft that can operate under the water. I can talk to you more offline about the operating characteristics, but that can carry 7 to 10 metric tons of anything that you want basically undetected from Ecuador to Los Angeles.    Admiral Michel. Well, I will let Admiral Schultz talk a little bit more about the terrorist connections, but the FARC , for example, which is declared a terrorist organization, is a drug-trafficking organization, and they are the ones who financed the semisubmersible construction, a large number of those things. So you already have that convergence, sir. It is already there.    Admiral Michel. I am not willing to put my trust in the FARC, sir.    Admiral Michel. I think that that is fair to say, sir. The enterprise that we have arrayed here before you really is the early warning sensor for the entire sort of southern approaches to the United States. We are it.