    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen.    General Scaparrotti, you said earlier that should we have to be involved--God forbid--in military conflict on the peninsula, it would be more akin to Korea or World War II: complex, high casualty. Are you concerned at all--we have heard, you know, the service chiefs come before us in the last year, sequestration, the impact, and us being in 15 years of a counterinsurgency mindset has had a real impact on the readiness of units. The squadron I commanded was ready to head over there on 24 hours' notice, but a lot of the readiness has really been degraded across the joint force that are on a TPFDD ready to go for supporting that kind of contingency. Are you concerned at all about the real readiness levels of being able to respond quickly?    General Scaparrotti. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Yes, I am. As you know, all of our services are really coming out of a bathtub in readiness, and it has been improving because of the increased funding. And we appreciate that support, but it is going to be some time before our forces are at a point where all of the units have now been through training that prepares them really for a complex environment, high-intensity conflict.    I can speak specifically of the Army. It takes time for us to get units through those complex rotations at our national training centers. We have got younger generations who haven't combined fires, for instance, et cetera, fire and maneuver in large formations. Those are things that an individual, small unit, and larger unit training that is complex.    So I am concerned about it. I know that all the services are focused on this, and we, on the peninsula, are as well. So, when we do our exercises and we bring units in, that is the kind of training at each level that we are focused on.    Ms. McSally. Great. I am interested in following up a little bit more in the classified session as well as far as the risks we are at right now.    General Scaparrotti. Thank you.    Ms. McSally. I think I also heard you say in the shortage of munitions that you mentioned that the potential cluster munition ban and the impact that that would have on your ability to do your job. I just want to make sure I understood that.    Neither the U.S. nor South Korea are signatories to the cluster munition ban, so can you just clarify what you meant? And if we were to become a signatory and those would be banned, what impact would that have on munition?    General Scaparrotti. That is correct, neither signatories. However, the U.S. has a policy that in 2019, in January of 2019, we would essentially comply with the Oslo treaty through policy.    Ms. McSally. So what impact would that have?    General Scaparrotti. The impact for me would be significant because the majority of my munitions are cluster munitions that are affected by that policy. And, of course, then what I am concerned about and the reason I am bringing it up now is we need to begin to replace those munitions so that I have the proper stockage for the first 30 days on site.    Cluster munitions in and of themselves provide an effect that in this fight is very important, is very difficult to replicate with unitary rounds. So we need to get to a cluster munition. We need to keep this cluster munition until such time that we are able to produce a replacement that meets the less than 1 percent dud rate and we can produce it in numbers to meet my need.    Ms. McSally. But just to clarify, it would be best for the military mission that you have for that ban to not go into effect?    General Scaparrotti. That is correct. That is what I mean by we need to keep what we have and be able to use it until we can replace it properly.    Ms. McSally. Thank you.    Admiral Harris, I want to talk a little bit about the ISIS threat and how you are seeing that in the whole theater. I am on Homeland Security as well. You know, looking at the foreign fighter flow, we know there is at least a couple thousand coming from your theater--China, Indonesia, some from Australia--that we are aware of; also, about a half a dozen affiliates that have allegiance to ISIS; and obviously, the Jakarta bombing that ISIS claimed in January.    Can you just talk about the trends you are seeing? And is there any concern with us or our allies in the direction this is going?    Ms. McSally. Exactly.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks. My time is expired. Thanks.    The Chairman. Mr. Langevin.