    Mr. Corchado. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My name is Alfredo Corchado, and I am the Mexico bureau chief for the Dallas Morning News, based in Mexico City. On behalf of my colleagues in Mexico, I thank you for the opportunity to talk about such a critical issue, freedom of expression.    I would also like to commend Chairman Duncan, Ranking Member Sires, and members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs for this important hearing.    I live in, work in, call home a country where in recent months every 26 hours a reporter is attacked, most of them by either the government or criminal gangs. Too many journalists in my homeland of Mexico have paid the ultimate price. This afternoon, I hope to honor their memory.    Mexico, as many have mentioned, is one of the most dangerous places to be a journalist. Every day, I walk in the shadow of more than 120,000 people killed or disappeared in just over 8 years, among them dozens of Mexican journalists, colleagues who were more vulnerable and face a more dangerous and precarious situation than I do.    Drug traffickers and corrupt government officials bully reporters, harassing them if they are lucky or silencing them for good if they are not. Today, I speak to you in the memory of more than 50, or as many as 120, journalists who have either been killed or disappeared since Mexico's political transition began in 2000.    Today, there are regions in Mexico where reporters have elected to sensor themselves. In other words, see nothing, say nothing. These are known as regions of silence. And who can question the logic of my Mexican colleagues? The vast majority of those cases remain unsolved. Mexico's rule of law remains so, so weak. Institutions are virtually nonexistent. Crimes go unpunished.    As my Mexican colleague Javier Garza, who collaborates on a project called ``Journalists at Risk'' that documents attacks against the press, says, ``The most worrying aspect of this growing trend of violence is that Mexico is going backwards.'' This is a sad irony because, even with the advances in elections, government transparency, and media competition in the last 15 years, press freedom in Mexico is smaller, not bigger.    Mexico's inability to protect its journalists and defenders of freedom of expression against criminals is beyond shameful. It is both shocking and offensive to those who believe that journalism is a powerful tool to shine the light and to hold the powerful accountable.    Just as outrageous, my Mexican colleagues say, in Mexico they still kill you twice--once with the bullet, a blow to the head, or in a barrel of acid, and then they kill you again through character assassination, by spreading rumors about you, or even pressing criminal charges, as we have repeatedly seen with other journalists, especially those working in rural communities across Mexico, whether Veracruz, Oaxaca, Tamaulipas, Zacatecas, Michoacan, and so on.    Even in Mexico City, where we thought journalists like Carmen Aristegui were untouchable, it appears now that we were wrong. One of the most influential journalists in Mexico, Aristegui and her team uncovered, among other big stories, that the President and his wife had purchased a $7.1 million home from a government contractor--clearly a conflict of interest.    Aristegui and other journalists organized a Web site for whistleblowers. In any democratic country, such acts of courage in journalism would be awarded. In Mexico, Aristegui and her team were fired. Whatever, whoever is behind the firing, one thing is certain: Freedom of expression in Mexico is threatened even further.    I was born in Mexico and grew up in the United States, earning along the way a blue U.S. passport. Today, I am a binational citizen, holding both U.S. and Mexican citizenship. Yet I believe that being an American is the reason I report on stories that many of my colleagues don't live long enough to tell. Those are stories about the very same people who now hold pockets of the country hostage.    In July 2007, I got a call from a U.S. trusted source asking me, where are you? In Mexico City, in my neighborhood of La Condesa, I replied; why? We have information that the Zetas, a criminal paramilitary group, plan to kill an American journalist within 24 hours, and I think it's you. Get out.    I felt the ground under me collapse, my legs weaken, the life in me sucked away. I felt betrayed. I had wanted to believe that I was a son of Mexico, and now someone wanted to kill me. I was a mess.    I had once asked the same source about the likelihood that an American journalist would be targeted by a cartel. He said, I have good news and bad news. The good news: A Mexican cartel does not want to harm an American journalist. It would bring too much attention to their estimated $30 billion, $40 billion industry. The consequences could be too messy for them. The bad news: You don't look American, bro.    See, I tell you this story because I want to make something very clear. I am by no means more courageous or braver than any of my Mexican colleagues. I just want to believe that, if something happens to me, someone, somewhere, someone in this room, will seek justice. I won't be just another number, I won't be a faceless victim. Because, as bad as my situation may sound, the danger I face pales in comparison to what my Mexican colleagues confront. Simply put, I have more protection.    In conclusion, in Mexico, Latin America, and across the world, journalists will only be safe when the aggressors, whether criminal groups or public authorities, are brought to justice, when criminals pay a price.    Today in Mexico, attacks against journalists are rarely, if ever, solved. Mexico's National Human Rights Commission reported last year that nearly 90 percent of the attacks, murders, and disappearance of journalists remain unpunished. As we say in Mexico, ``La vida no vale nada.''    The Mexican Government has a method in place to protect journalists, one that the U.S. Government supports. The government also has a special prosecutor. But both the mechanism and the prosecutor have been largely ineffective.    The U.S. Government needs to do more to continue pressuring Mexico by raising concerns about attacks against freedom of expression. Otherwise, as the Washington Office on Latin America recently stated, freedom of expression will continue to be limited in Mexico unless Mexican authorities conduct full investigations and prosecutions of these crimes and implement effective mechanisms to protect human rights defenders and journalists at risk. We could not agree more.    Again, thank you very much.    Mr. Corchado. I would just echo what Carlos said. I mean, there are many journalists in Mexico, who, in spite of the dangers, in spite of the risks, continue to do great investigative work.    But, as I said in my testimony, I mean, the consequences are great. You have someone like Carmen Aristegui, who does an incredible investigation, and the price she is paying. You have other journalists, many who have sought political asylum in the United States, paying a big price.    Yet, in spite of the dangers, there are many people who still believe in journalism holding the powerful accountable.    Mr. Corchado. I mean, as I said in the testimony, whatever danger I face really pales in comparison to my colleagues in Mexico. I mean, I want to believe that once I cross into the U.S. I am safe.    I constantly feel like I have to remind people, especially if I am on the Mexican side of the border, that I am an American citizen. I carry my passport around with me. Every year, I come to Congress here and I get my congressional ID as a form of protection.    I don't put it past criminal groups--I mean, they are definitely here in the United States. They are in many cities. But I want to believe that there is a price to pay and that they won't touch an American journalist. I mean, it is an economic war. It is not a religious, it is not a political--it is an economic battle. So I want to believe that the consequences of the price will be too high.    Mr. Corchado. I don't think anyone on either side of the border really has the full story on that. I mean, a human rights report just came out that talked about a lot of the inconsistencies, a lot of the problems, a lot of the challenges. So it remains in large part still a mystery, what happened to the 43.