    Mr. Welch. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And this issue of embassy security obviously is very important. I appreciate the work you're doing.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the work you're doing, and I enjoyed my trip to Libya with you to inspect an embassy.    You've got a tough job, and I think we appreciate that. I've got a couple of areas of questions. One is taking up on what Mr. Cummings started on about the 100-foot setback. The State Department has several additional physical security standards for diplomatic facilities, and they include the anticlimb perimeters, hardened building exteriors, and safe spaces for taking refuge in the event of the attack.    Do all the new embassies have these type of features? And I'll--go ahead, sir.    Mr. Welch. And are there any other security features or requirements that you think is critical to securing the embassies?    Mr. Welch. So some of these, Mr. Starr, some of these security features for U.S. embassies in London and elsewhere are actually more stringent than what we have for many governmental buildings at home here in D.C. For example, none of the congressional office buildings have any of the anticlimb features of U.S. embassies. Is that right?    Mr. Welch. Right. So the building we're in right now doesn't have many of these features that are going to be organic to the construction of facilities overseas, including London, right?    Mr. Welch. All right. Another topic. One of the things that I've seen in visiting some of our embassies is that there's a conflict between the needs of security, which oftentimes dictate a somewhat remote location and almost a fortress-like construction, and the accessibility to people who need to use the embassy. And I actually am one who has always favored having our facilities located more in the center of cities rather than way in the outskirts.    Is there any way to resolve that? And I don't know if that's just a concern I have or if it's shared by any of my colleagues.    Mr. Welch. Thank you.    Ms. Muniz, do you have anything you'd like to offer that relates to questions I've asked? And by the way, thank you for your good work.    Mr. Welch. I want to thank you all. And just a word of advice that you don't really need, but the chairman's really been taking a very active interest in this, and I think a lot of us support him in that concern for safety, and I know you do as well. So to the extent you can stay in touch with the committee, I think that will be helpful to all of us. Thank you.    I yield back.