    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Carson. Absolutely.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Good morning, and welcome to the first subcommittee hearing of the 114th Congress.    I am very pleased to return as ranking member of the subcommittee and, like Chairman Barletta, I look forward to continuing the good working relationship that we both share. As my friend Chairman Barletta stated, we were able to partner on several items before the subcommittee in the last Congress.    And on a very personal note, I am deeply thankful that the chairman is back and ready for warfare. He is looking good and he is looking fit as always.    And also, I would be remiss if I didn't mention a legend and a true American icon in our midst, and that is the Honorable Eleanor Holmes Norton.    So among the many issues we will consider this Congress, I am very interested in examining the training programs available to our first responders. Ensuring timely and efficient emergency response whenever and wherever disaster strikes is critical.    Now, some of the emergency managers in the great Hoosier State of Indiana have reached out to me regarding the limited accessibility of FEMA's training centers. In order to ensure ready responders, we must make certain that adequate programs are available and that sufficient access is available to those training programs.    Further, after a disaster, we very sadly hear stories about elderly and disabled individuals having to fend for themselves because they were not adequately informed prior to the storm or they were unable to access resources after the storm. This was particularly the case after Hurricane Sandy. We must ensure that emergency preparedness and response systems are inclusive of vulnerable populations and those with language barriers.    Moreover, in their written testimony, NEMA discusses concerns about the level of support services that States should be required to provide. I understand their concern, but it is 2015 and no one should be left behind, especially our most vulnerable neighbors. So I think it is very imperative that we revisit some of those same issues in this Congress to ensure that everyone has access to the same information and resources.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with you.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Thank you, Administrator Fugate. The International Association of Fire Chiefs notes that FEMA does not fully reimburse fire departments for their firefighting efforts when called to service. In addition, FEMA does not cover full wages required by the Fair Labor Standards Act or the back-filled costs of replacing a firefighter dispatch on a mutual-aid agreement.    Sir, is FEMA prohibited by statute from fully reimbursing fire departments for these costs? If not, why is FEMA not fully reimbursing the fire departments?    Mr. Carson. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Administrator Fugate, NEMA's written testimony talks about the need for clarification, for functional needs, support for general population shelters, and that FEMA and the DOJ have provided conflicting information. What is your sense, sir, about when will joint guidance be issued from FEMA and the DOJ?    Mr. Carson. Absolutely. Absolutely.    Mr. Carson. Lastly, sir, I have heard from some of my constituents about the long waits to attend FEMA's training center in Alabama, and as well as the I guess you could say insufficient funding for emergency response training programs in general. Could you provide for us, sir--because your last statement was so phenomenal and deeply insightful, we appreciate that--could you provide the subcommittee, sir, with some description of each of FEMA's training programs and an overview quickly of the budget for the last 5 years?    Mr. Carson. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Koon, I understand the States' concerns about liability for failing to provide adequate sheltering during disasters. But at the very same time, sir, how do you suggest that we provide the same kind of access to shelters for those with functional need support services?    Mr. Carson. Thank you.    And to that point, Mr. McCarthy, you mentioned the difficulty of measuring State readiness and their capabilities when reviewing disaster declaration applications. What options have been considered? And do you have any recommendations for determining readiness and capabilities, for that matter?    Mr. Carson. Yes, sir.    Chief Paulison, some have indicated that too many small disasters tie up FEMA's resources and inhibit FEMA's ability to respond to larger disasters. As a former FEMA Administrator, sir, what are your thoughts on this position?    Mr. Carson. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carson. Just one last question, Chairman, for Chief Fennessy.    Sir, what role can the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program play in helping communities prepare for the threat of wildfires? That was my only question.    Mr. Carson. Thank you.    Chairman, I yield back.