    Mr. Bradley. Good morning, Chairman Whitfield and members of the committee. My name is Ron Bradley, and I serve as vice president of Gas Operations at PECO, which safely provides reliable electric and natural gas service to approximately two million customers in southeastern Pennsylvania.    PECO is part of the Exelon family of companies. Exelon is the nation's largest competitive energy provider serving more than eight million electric and natural gas customers in Illinois, Maryland, and Pennsylvania. Today, I am testifying on behalf of the American Gas Association which represents more than 200 local distribution companies, also known as LDCs.    AGA members' companies operate 2.5 million miles of underground pipeline safely delivering clean, affordable natural gas to more than 71 million customers. LDCs provide the last critical link in the energy delivery chain connecting interstate pipelines directly to homes and businesses. Our focus every day is ensuring that we keep the gas flowing safely and reliably.    As part of an agreement with the Federal Government, most states assume primary responsibility for the safety and regulation of LDCs, as well as intrastate transmission pipelines. Many states adopt standards that exceed federal requirements. Additionally, our companies are in close contact with state pipeline safety inspectors which permit a greater number of inspections to occur than is required by federal law.    In addition to a culture of compliance, LDCs embrace the culture of proactive, collaborative engagement. Each company employs trained safety professionals, provides safety training, conducts rigorous system inspections, testing, maintenance and repair, and replacement programs, and educates the public on natural gas safety. AGA's commitment to enhancing safety adopted in 2011 provides a summary of these commitments beyond federal regulation.    The commitment to enhancing safety has been modified several times to address new issues that have been identified and was recently modified to include actions to improve the safety of underground storage operations. The AGA has also developed numerous pipeline safety initiatives focused on raising the bar on safety including peer-to-peer reviews and best practice forums that share best practices and lessons learned throughout the industry. Each year, LDCs spent approximately $22 billion on safety. Approximately half of that on our voluntary actions. This number continues to escalate as work commences on newly approved accelerated pipeline replacement programs.    Now turning to a review of the legislation. The Pipeline Inspection, Protection, Enforcement and Safety Act of 2006 and the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Creation, and Job Creation Act of 2011 created new programs to improve the safety of the industry. AGA member companies have implemented aspects of these programs either voluntarily or through DOT regulation. However, many of these programs are in their infancy in terms of implementation, and we encourage Congress to allow these programs to develop and mature in order to realize their full impact.    In the case of the unanimously passed 2011 Act, several regulations have yet to be promulgated or finalized. The progress that is being made is very important that the focus be on finishing the outstanding work. We commend the committee for emphasizing this in its initial draft. Layering new laws and regulation on to companies before existing regulations have been finalized and provided time to succeed creates uncertainty that undermines our shared safety goals.    While we appreciate the committee's efforts to put forward a bipartisan bill, we are supportive of most of the text. We are very concerned that Section 15 of the draft bill would allow a person to bring a civil action in a District Court of the United States for injunction against PHMSA for failure to perform any nondiscretionary duty, even if PHMSA was engaged in enforcing its mandatory obligations under the law. This would have a deleterious effect of undermining and thus weakening the federal regulatory oversight this committee seeks to enhance and could cause market uncertainty.    Moreover, to the extent that PHMSA would have to dedicate resources and time to litigation or complying with a court order, it could significantly diminish the agency's ability to work on other congressional priorities, thus negatively impacting pipeline safety.    The creation of such a legal remedy could be used by individuals, however well intentioned, in a way that would be counter to the best interests of the nation, individual states, industry, and ultimately consumers while not necessarily enhancing safety. Thus, we respectfully urge the removal of Section 15 of the bill. The industry is already experiencing significant uncertainty regarding PHMSA's implementation of outstanding mandates in the 2011 bill.    Regarding replacement of cast iron mains, a focus of the 2011 pipeline safety reauthorization. The quantity of these mains continues to steadily decline. As of today, overall cast iron mains makes up less than two percent of total mileage. Natural gas utilities are working with legislators and regulators to accelerate the replacement of these pipelines. To date, 39 states and the District of Columbia have adopted specific rate mechanisms that facilitate accelerated replacement of pipelines that are primary candidates for system enhancement.    In addition to what I have highlighted, my written testimony provides updates on the industry's efforts with regard to incident notification, data collection, and information sharing, and research and development. I am pleased to answer questions on these topics or any other topics that you have.    Mr. Bradley. Those thresholds apply to natural gas as well. They rack up to the dollar amount.