    Mr. Perez. Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee, free speech and the free press are under attack in Ecuador. President Rafael Correa declared the independent press as his number one enemy within his first year in office. In the last 8 years, journalists, opinion leaders, and media owners, have been denigrated, harassed, and singled out by President Correa and public officials on government-controlled media and on the streets.    In 2012, El Universo, its opinion editor, and its three directors, myself included, were sentenced to pay $40 million in reparations to President Correa personally and to serve 3 years in prison for publishing an unflattering op-ed column about the President. This situation forced the publisher to seek asylum and the rest of us into exile. The Inter-American Commission for Human Rights issued a precautionary measure urging Ecuador's highest court to suspend the sentence on the case.    The international community's reaction and support were overwhelming. Leading media outlets, human rights organizations, academics, professional organizations, and international political figures, including President Jimmy Carter, expressed their outrage about the grotesque nature of this case.    In the end, President Correa granted us his personal pardon, and this newspaper was spared from shutting down. Until this day, the judicial precedent is still alive, and its chilling effect on the Ecuadorian society is palpable. Now we will look for justice beyond our borders. Our case against the state of Ecuador is pending at the Inter-American Commission for Human Rights.    Today, the Ecuadorian media faces a subtle yet more threatening scenario. Censorship of free speech and the free press has been sanctioned into law. President Correa's majority in Congress passed the communications law 2 years ago. In the eyes of this law, information is a public service and the media is a public utility, no different than your local power and light company. Therefore, it all has to be intensely regulated by the government.    A special agency was created to uphold the lost mandate that all information be verified, contrasted, timely, and contextualized. And to enforce this law, a superintendent was selected from a short list of three candidates nominated by President Correa himself.    Since then, this agency has obliged media outlets to rectify and apologize for publishing information inconvenient for the government. Furthermore, imposing confiscatory fines that start at 10 percent of revenues averaged in the last 3 months, these fines double each time the infraction recurs in a 6-month period. As an example, the first fine El Universo faces is approximately $350,000; the second fine would be $700,000; the third, $1.4 million; and so on.    This new law enables the government to silence the press by imposing progressive fines that could bankrupt any media outlet. This outrageous situation is unique in the region. No other country has a law that enables censorship of the printed press by the highest levels of government.    For 94 years, through four generations, El Universo has endured through all forms of hostile political power, yet we are certain that this is the free press' darkest hour in Ecuador. Freedom of expression in all its forms is a fundamental right essential to democracy. These United States and Ecuador have a long history of shared democratic values included on several human rights treaties which our nations are signatories of.    This is why we respectfully urge this House not to remain a silent witness to these attacks on the cherished, fundamental rights. Therefore, we recommend, first, that you state your concern about the current state of freedom of expression in Ecuador and condemn the policies and practices that seek to silence the free press; second, to initiate a direct dialogue on these crucial issues of freedom of expression with Ecuador's legislative branch; third, stand by the Inter-American Commission of Human Rights through this challenging time when it has been the target of attacks by the Ecuadorian Government; fourth, support and strengthen the Commission's Office of the Special Rapporteur for freedom of expression, which is the last line of defense for dissenting voices in the region; and, finally, place freedom of expression as a top priority on the United States' foreign policy agenda toward Ecuador and other countries facing the same challenges. Thank you.    Mr. Perez. Well, I do--I certainly feel safe on American soil. But, in my case, I still have my family and my enterprise back in Ecuador. So, to answer your question, yes, maybe I personally feel safer here, but anything that I might say here might be taken, you know, back home and be taken in retaliation to, you know, my family and my enterprise.    Mr. Perez. In our case, specifically, we have a long history, as I detail in my written report, that it has affected us, you know, personally, and the newspaper, our enterprise.    Now, in a general sense, just coming after our lawsuit, it has definitely cemented this chilling effect that is centered on the Ecuadorian society right after El Universo's sentencing. And what it did is actually, you know, sanction into law everything that--all of the precedents that came from the El Universo case.    So the chilling effect that first came upon the Ecuadorian society from El Universo's sentencing was sanctioned into law, and today we do see self-censorship everywhere.    Now, in Mr. Lauria's intervention, he says--and I do commend also, there are few journalists taking big risks personally, because most of them are not belonging to media outlets anymore. These people are by themselves blogging, and they are taking big risks by freely opining about what is going on in Ecuador. But there are a diminishing number.    Mr. Perez. They are open with it.    Mr. Perez. They are open with it. But there is still an ever-fewer number of them. So we have a fewer number of independent media outlets running in the country. One of them shut down for financial and pressure reasons. El Comercio from Quito has been bought out from an international investor. And so what is left are, you know, the two newspapers in Guayaquil and a TV broadcast station from Guayaquil.    So we do see an ever-diminishing number and a few journalists taking risks, but most of them actually being censored or silenced. You know, self-censorship is a reality in our country.    Mr. Perez. It is very active, and it is----    Mr. Perez. Yes and no. Social media has become more and more used in Ecuador. It is even more popular than ever. But----    Mr. Perez. Well, when I say social media is being used more, I mean not so much as, I guess, a reporting tool, more of a, really, a popular expression tool.    Mr. Perez. Well, it is used for that, too. But I guess, as I said, there is a diminishing number of independent media outlets and independent journalists using them. There is an ever-greater number of just citizens actually concerned about, you know, and discussing using social media. But as that number of citizens grows, the presence of the government on social media grows even faster.    Mr. Perez. So, you know, it has been documented, the troll centers that the government runs and the number of trolls that, you know, use social media to harass and poke at people that are opining independently. And the same in just the present, you know, harassing, you know, social media users. The famous case of Crudo Ecuador, who was singled out in a weekly address and, you know, harassed until he shut down his Web page.