    Mr. Larsen. Thanks. So just to get some perspective here. I visited a small manufacturer up in Anacortes in my district, and they make a variety of components for smaller airplanes, including things called vortex generators, which I am sure Mr. Hanna knows all about since he flies smaller airplanes, but you know, the smallest one no longer than probably my thumbnail, and that has to get certified, it goes on the airplane.    For some perspective, except for the--except for the airplane itself on delivery, how many usual parts and components in a 737 approximately have to have an FAA stamp, metaphorical stamp?    Mr. Larsen. Every single piece.    Mr. Larsen. So when you talk about the existing plans as well as future plans you are going to be designing and building----    Mr. Larsen. Each of those come with the same or different production process?    Mr. Larsen. And so the process itself as well needs to be----    Mr. Larsen. If it is a new process, needs to go through a certification as well?    Mr. Larsen. So we are not just talking about parts and components?    Mr. Larsen. We are talking about not what you make only, but how you make it?    Mr. Larsen. Yeah. So in all--again, it is not just the what you make, but it is how you make process as well.    Mr. Larsen. So in terms of the how you make side of the production process, how much of that is currently ODA-related and how much of that is----    Mr. Larsen. Yeah. And in terms of the FAA inspectors that come in and do the auditing, you discuss, as your second point, the necessity of training----    Mr. Larsen . An FAA workforce. I mean, do you have an estimate of what numbers of people? Do you have an estimate of how to train? What FAA ought to be training in?    Mr. Larsen. Yeah. And it talks about the supply chain as well, which is extensive for you and your main competitor----    Mr. Larsen . Throughout the country, around the world.    Mr. Larsen. How do you--how is that managed through ODA, and are there any changes that need to take place, or is that all--you don't deal, or you don't deal with that part?    Mr. Larsen. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks for that.    Mr. Hilkemann, you mentioned that at least it has been your experience, I guess, that the ODA that you have, that you haven't had many--how you described it, many problems with inconsistent interpretation, perhaps, at least in your region; is that right? Is that what I heard you say?    Mr. Larsen. OK. Have you had--do you have concerns or how should we address concerns that we hear about inconsistencies region by region?    Mr. Larsen. Yeah.    Mr. Larsen. All right. Good. Thanks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Larsen. Thank you. Mr. Hart, Chairman Hart, what concerns does NTSB--what concerns has the NTSB identified with FAA's certification efforts regarding new and novel technology, and what recommendations has the board made to FAA regarding the certification of new and novel technology?    Mr. Larsen. Ms. Baker, is the FAA using outside experts to the extent that the agency is suggesting or how would you--how would you characterize what the FAA is doing relative to those recommendations?    Mr. Larsen. All right. Can you, as well, Ms. Baker, discuss the accelerated use of ODAs and whether or not it has created oversight challenges with inspector's workload increasing beyond head count, and what assurance can you give the committee that the FAA will build a running ODA program while maintaining safety?    Mr. Larsen. Expanding, but how can you ensure then that appropriate FAA oversight is spent--we talked in the previous panel how Boeing and many other companies, frankly, want to use ODA as fully as possible but still need the FAA sort of behind that in order to do auditing, do oversight, so on.    Mr. Larsen. OK. Dr. Dillingham, not that the FAA doesn't have enough to do, and we are not asking--not that we are asking you if they have enough to do, but in looking at the international certification side as you did, do you think the FAA needs to make its international certification to be as a higher priority if we are going to address these international challenges that you described in your testimony? Where do those fit?    Mr. Larsen. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just one final note, Mr. Chairman. Not that I am pitching for a codel to the Paris Air Show, which by the way, you don't spend any time in Paris when you are at the Paris Air Show, just one walk around the pavilions at the Paris Air Show would let you know just how global the industry, aviation industry is and how important this issue of FAA certification international market is as well.    Mr. Larsen. On the other hand, if we want to take in the Paris show, that is fine, too.