    Ms. CHU. I want to thank all of you for being here today. Today's hearing will focus on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the impact of these regulations on small financial institutions and on access to capital for small businesses.    In 2008, our country faced one of the worst economic downturns in history. In the midst of this financial crisis, the U.S. lost four million jobs, seven million people faced foreclosure, and many entrepreneurs abandoned their dreams and small businesses closed their doors believing that they would never open again.    After taking extraordinary steps to stabilize the economy, Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Act in July 2010 to address the loopholes that caused the collapse. The bill established strong new standards for the regulation of large leveraged financial institutions and made the protection of consumers seeking mortgages and credit products a top priority.    While this legislation was primarily directed at the largest financial firms, we often hear that small banks are impacted primarily due to the high cost for compliance, and it is clear that the small lenders on Main Street are not the ones responsible for the financial crisis. Community banks and credit unions are on the frontlines of community lending providing personal, familiar services to small businesses and entrepreneurs. These entities should not be forced to carry the burden of new regulations.    For these reasons, critical measures have been put in place to ensure that any new regulatory burden on the small banking community is properly mitigated. First, many of the Dodd-Frank Act provisions only apply to institutions with over $10 billion in assets, leaving 98.2 percent of all banks in the U.S. largely exempt. Second, new regulations created by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that do apply to small financial institutions are subject to the Regulatory Flexibility Act and the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act.    Now, in the midst of this, small business lending has increased. In fact, according to the Thomson Reuters/PayNet Small Business Lending Index, access to credit has continued to improve for small businesses, reaching its highest level ever in June 2015. Moreover, small business lending is up 19 percent over the same period in 2014, pointing to steady economic growth.    The Federal Reserve has found lending standards for small firms have eased considerably since the recession, while loan balances at community banks have increased nearly 9 percent in the last year alone.    And finally, even Small Business Administration lending has reached record levels. SBA is currently on track to make 65,000 loans totaling over $26 billion in its 7(a) and 504 programs combined. In fact, the National Federation of Independent Businesses reports a historically low 3 percent of small business owners are unable to fulfill their capital needs.    Critics of Dodd-Frank point to the decreasing number of small financial institutions as proof of regulations that are too burdensome, but it is crucial to remember that the decline in the number of community banks did not begin with Dodd-Frank. For the past 30 years, the number of community banks in the U.S. has been declining at a rate of 300 per year for the past 30 years, and 80 percent of these losses were actually due to mergers and consolidations.    There is no doubt that the regulations implemented by Dodd-Frank will impact many facets of the financial industry, and there is also no doubt that the economy has been improving at a greater pace since its passage. Private employers have created 12 million jobs, and unemployment has been cut in half. The housing market is recovering, and small business credit has returned to pre-recession levels in many sectors.    Both democrats and republicans have introduced legislation to make technical corrections to the bill that will support community banks. However, moving forward, it is essential that we legislate prudently and avoid allowing big banks to exploit the genuine concerns of small institutions to promote legislation that benefits Wall Street at the expense of the American people.    Today, eight years after the housing bubble burst, small business is creating two out of three new private jobs and resuming its position as the economic engine of our country. The success of these businesses depend on their access to capital and credit and small financial institutions, like the credit unions and community banks represented here today, play an extensive role in lending to them. As both lenders and borrowers, small businesses have much at stake when it comes to financial regulatory reform. It is my hope that the testimony today will add important perspectives on the interaction between Dodd-Frank and Main Street and we can all learn.    I want to thank the witnesses for being here today and I yield back.    Ms. CHU. It is my pleasure to introduce Ms. Julia Gordon, senior director of Housing and Consumer Finance at the Center for American Progress. Gordon has written extensively about the Dodd-Frank Act and has been cited in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and the Washington Post among others.    Prior to joining the Center for American Progress, Gordon managed the Single Family Policy Team at the Federal Housing Finance Agency and served as senior policy counsel at the Center for Responsible Lending. Ms. Gordon received her bachelor's degree in Government from Harvard College and her J.D. from Harvard Law School.    Welcome, Ms. Gordon. We are so happy to have you here today.    Ms. CHU. Ms. Gordon, small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and small lenders are largely responsible for getting small businesses and entrepreneurs the capital they need. Many critics of the Dodd-Frank Act point to the declining number of community banks and credit unions as proof that the regulations are too burdensome. However, you state that Dodd-Frank is not the cause of the decline. Can you tell us why you believe this is true, and what are the factors that have led to the decline?    Ms. CHU. In fact, I wanted to ask about that. Low income and minority communities were devastated by predatory mortgage lending in the years leading up to the housing crisis. How are these communities better off today with the ability to repay and qualify mortgage rules that we enacted under Dodd-Frank?    Ms. CHU. Thank you. I yield back.