    Chairman Hensarling. The Financial Services Committee will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the committee at any time.    Today, we welcome the Honorable Julian Castro, the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. We welcome him for his first appearance before our committee.    He is most famously known, of course, for being the brother of our colleague Joaquin Castro, and as you may have figured out, not just brother but twin brother.    We are speaking to Julian, I trust, as opposed to Joaquin. It is often difficult to tell the difference.    Prior to his appointment last year to become Secretary, Secretary Castro served as the mayor of San Antonio. Before that, he served on its city council.    And so I must admit, on behalf of the several fellow Texans here, Mr. Secretary, we take great pride in your appointment.    Secretary Castro holds a bachelor's degree from Stanford, and a law degree from Harvard.    Again, it is a pleasure to welcome you before the committee.    The purpose of this hearing is to examine the financial health of the Federal Housing Administration. I would note for Members that the Secretary has agreed to come back to the committee, frankly, in a matter of weeks in order to testify on the HUD portion of the President's budget submission. So Members are certainly free to ask about that, but I am informing Members that there will be another opportunity soon to ask questions about the President's budget submission.    I also wish to note for Members that Secretary Castro--and I want to thank our witness--has agreed to stay for as long as Members are in the hearing room to ask questions. But I will notify all Members that the Chair intends to call a recess at approximately 1 p.m. and recess for approximately a half-hour. Assuming there are still Members left in the queue, the Secretary will return and we will continue to take Member questions.    I now recognize myself for 3 minutes for an opening statement.    Last year, as I think we all know, was the 50th anniversary of the war on poverty, and 50 years later and $20 trillion later, unfortunately, still 15 percent of our fellow Americans remain at the poverty level. So it is hard to judge the war on poverty as a success. And perhaps the bigger failure is not living up to President Johnson's goal, ``not only to relieve the symptoms of poverty but to cure it and, above all, to prevent it.''    Now, arguably, one of those important weapons in the war on poverty has been HUD, with its many programs and its many employees. And this year is the 50th anniversary of HUD. So I wish to announce to all Members that this committee will make an extensive review and thorough examination of the successes and failures of HUD, and not just measure the inputs but measure the outputs, as well, and most importantly, again, to paraphrase President Johnson, to find out how these programs can be designed to lift people from lives of poverty, lives of government dependency, and lift them to the dignity of work and self-sufficiency.    I look forward to working with you, Mr. Secretary, on this examination and exploring various avenues where we can work together.    Now, to today's hearing, this is the second part examining what appears to many to be an Administration's taxpayer-funded race to the bottom to become the Nation's largest subprime lender. Whether FHA or FHFA wins that contest, I know that the marginal home buyer on the bubble and the poor, beleaguered taxpayer will certainly be the big losers in this race.    We all recall the famous admonition from Spanish philosopher George Santayana, who said, ``Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.'' History has taught us that the root cause of the financial crisis was not ``deregulation'' but ``dumb regulation,'' in helping put people into homes they could not afford to keep. And now, the FHA, with exceedingly low downpayments and a recently announced approximately 40 percent cut in its premiums, appears to be doing that--all at a time when the FHA continues to violate Federal law by keeping a woefully insufficient capital reserve and right after receiving its first-ever taxpayer bailout. This cannot be allowed to stand.    With respect to subprime lending, what consenting adults do with their money is their business, but what the FHA does with taxpayer money is our business. And do we really want the Federal Government to be leading the charge into subprime lending?    We have all heard from our constituents. I heard from a gentleman named Walter in Mesquite: ``I am one of those who got a house I never should have gotten. I could not afford to buy a home, but no one told me that. Now I am behind and underwater on a house I never should have bought.''    Again, the Administration should not be leading the way, putting people like Walter into homes they cannot afford to keep. We need a sustainable housing policy--sustainable for homeowners, sustainable for taxpayers, and sustainable for our economy. The best program of affordable housing is a growing and healthy economy built from Main Street up, not built from Washington down.    I now yield 3 minutes to the ranking member.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome, Secretary Castro.    Today, this committee will review the Federal Housing Administration, an entity that has provided opportunity to over 34 million first-time, low-income home buyers over the past 80 years.    Secretary Castro, I am pleased this committee is holding this hearing today because it gives me an opportunity to publicly thank you and President Obama for responding to the calls of a wide array of advocates, interest groups, lawmakers, and civil rights organizations in acting to reduce FHA's annual mortgage insurance premiums.    Groups ranging from the National Association of REALTORS and the Mortgage Bankers Association to the NAACP and the National Low Income Housing Coalition have joined with lawmakers in both the House and the Senate, including myself and Representative Capuano, to urge the important action you took in January.    Your decision enjoys such broad support because providing this much-needed mortgage relief will deliver critical assistance to millions of families looking to purchase a home and enable countless others to save millions of dollars in mortgage payments over the years to come.    Secretary Castro, although today you will likely take a fair amount of criticism from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for your decision, I would like to take a moment to remind them that when the private sector virtually left our struggling housing market during the worst of the crisis, the FHA stepped up and provided the liquidity that kept it afloat.    Despite the steps toward recovery the economy has taken since then, the housing sector continues to suffer from a tight lending environment, and a strong FHA is still very necessary.    I would also note that FHA is far from bankrupt, holding approximately $40 billion in reserves, continuing to generate revenue, and taking critical steps to recover its capital reserves, which are projected to show a positive balance in 2015.    So, Secretary Castro, I thank you for your efforts and encourage you to continue working to expand access to credit to more low- to moderate-income and minority families.    Thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee, Mr. Luetkemeyer, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, whom I know still prides himself on having been from Texas once, the ranking member of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee, Mr. Cleaver, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. Mr. Secretary, again, welcome to the committee. And you are now recognized for your testimony, sir.    Chairman Hensarling. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    The Chair will now yield himself 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Secretary, we have spoken about this privately, I sent you a letter on this matter, about FHA lowering their premiums by approximately 40 percent and its impact on the MMIF.    You agree, I assume, that the Housing Act, 12 U.S.C. 1711, says that you shall--shall--keep a 2 percent capital reserve. It is not ``may,'' it is not ``might,'' it is not ``hope.'' The statute says ``shall.'' Correct? Do you agree with that?    Chairman Hensarling. Okay.    Do you agree that currently--because in your testimony I think you say, even with the one-off items of the settlement, the taxpayer bailout, you are below the 2 percent statutory level capital reserve. Is that correct?    Chairman Hensarling. You are still below it.    So you agree, then, that HUD has been--and, again, you are relatively new on the job. We have been here before. But you agree HUD is in violation of the law?    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. So, you said it was the law; you said you are not at 2 percent. Does that mean you are in violation of the law?    Chairman Hensarling. I sense you do not care to state the obvious, Mr. Secretary.    So I guess, here is my question. And with all due respect, again, you are relatively new on the job, but many of us have been here before, listening to your predecessors, listening to Ms. Galante's predecessors saying, ``In no time flat, the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund is going to recover.'' We get all these rosy projections, and none of the projections have ever proven accurate. So, we are concerned.    And I guess, after all these years, at what point does HUD and FHA intend to follow the law? Is there some point?    Chairman Hensarling. I understand that, Mr. Secretary. The question I have would be to understand when you expect to comply with the law.    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. So there is not--if you are working very hard, you just cut off an income stream. You just lowered premiums by 40 percent.    Chairman Hensarling. That is revenue that could have gone back to number one, help compensate the taxpayers for their bailout; and number two, help get you back to compliance with the law.    Chairman Hensarling. Mr. Secretary, that may be accurate, but I am not quite sure it is relevant to the question.    I guess this is the fear many of us have, particularly with members of the Obama Administration. We just had the IRS Commissioner recently testify in front of the House Ways and Means Committee that, ``Whenever we can, we follow the law.''    And my fear is that FHA and HUD is now adopting even a lower standard, and that is: ``Whenever we want to, we follow the law.'' Because, clearly--    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. But is the MMIF stronger or weaker with less revenue? Because you have just cut out a revenue stream.    Chairman Hensarling. Okay. You also just lowered them 40 percent, Mr. Secretary.    And, again, I am trying to figure out the consequences. This has been going on for years, predating you. And, for example, I know that if private citizens in the United States--in my district or in anybody else's district--violate the law, there are repercussions.    HUD itself--I am looking at a chart here: ``Failure to timely submit financial reports.'' I won't name the entity, but you fined them $40,000. Here is another entity recently: ``Respondent committed knowing and material violations.'' They were fined $12,000. Here is another $16,000 fine, an $11,000 fine, a $16,000 fine.    Who at HUD is going to take responsibility, who at the FHA is going to take responsibility and comply with the law? It appears there is a double standard, one for those who are ruled and one for those who do the ruling.    So is anybody at HUD going to pay a fine for failure to comply with the law?    Chairman Hensarling. Again, with all due respect, Mr. Secretary, we have heard that before. I have no doubt that you are sincere and you believe what you say, but this committee has not been fooled once, they have been fooled twice, three times. I am not sure we have been fooled; we have been told this. We have had this whispered into our ears before. It hasn't proven true.    And, again, you are in violation of the law that is there to protect taxpayers and homeowners. That has to stop.    I now yield 5 minutes to the ranking member.    Ms. Waters. Thank you.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Mrs. Maloney, ranking member of our Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Garrett, the chairman of our Capital Markets and GSEs Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Velazquez, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentlewoman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer, chairman of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair will recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Huizenga, chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Meeks.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Duffy, chairman of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Capuano.    Chairman Hensarling. Not possible.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Pearce, the vice chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee, and I ask that he yield to the Chair for a brief moment.    Chairman Hensarling. What the Majority is interested in, is having the Obama Administration actually obey the law, and the law says, 12 U.S.C. 1711(f), written on November 5th, enactment day of November 5, 1990, ``The Secretary shall endeavor to ensure the Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund attains a capital ratio of not less than 2 percent within 10 years after the date of enactment, and shall ensure that the Fund maintains at least such capital ratio at all times thereafter.''    That is what the statute says. I yield to the gentleman from New Mexico.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, ranking member of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Westmoreland.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Royce, Chair of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Kildee, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Pittenger.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair wants to remind all Members that I intend to recess the committee in 10 minutes. We will reconvene at 1:30 in order to give the Secretary a break.    Rough translation: Mr. Ellison, Mr. Barr, you are in luck. Mr. Heck and the rest of you, you are temporarily out of luck.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota, Mr. Ellison, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Barr, after which we will recess.    The gentleman is recognized.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair wishes to advise Members that Floor votes are expected somewhere in the 1:50 to 2 p.m. range. I encourage those who have not had a chance to question the Secretary to return promptly at 1:30.    The committee now stands in recess until 1:30.    Chairman Hensarling. The committee will come to order. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Heck, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Williams, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Hampshire, Mr. Guinta, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Rothfus, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Vargas, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Schweikert.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, the ranking member of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee.    Chairman Hensarling. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Chairman Hensarling. Indeed, the gentleman doesn't have any time to yield back, but I certainly listened carefully to the gentleman, and indeed, that was a fairly accurate history and we will work with him to continue to make sure that these scourges do not occur again on our watch. At this time, I will recognize the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maine, Mr. Poliquin.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentleman has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Utah, Mrs. Love.    Chairman Hensarling. The time of the gentlelady has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill.    Chairman Hensarling. The gentleman yields back. There are no other Members remaining in the queue.    Secretary Castro, we very much appreciate your appearance here today.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this witness, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to this witness and to place his responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    This hearing stands adjourned.