    Ms. Dunford. Thank you. Good afternoon, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to speak today and thanks to all of you for your continued support and leadership on nutrition and food security.    I also want to thank Mr. Markanday for that presentation. We are grateful for the FAO's close collaboration with Feed the Future and it is wonderful to hear Mr. Markanday reaffirm just how seriously the FAO takes nutrition.    In particular, I would like to express my gratitude to you, Chairman Smith, for introducing the Global Food Security Act, which shows the U.S. Government's strong bipartisan commitment to reducing global hunger, poverty, and malnutrition.    The Global Food Security Act has passed both the House and the Senate and we are looking forward to working with the subcommittee members and Congress to pass it into law.    And as Feed the Future's Deputy Coordinator for Development, I am honored to be able to talk to you today about the important role the U.S. Government is playing in the fight against global hunger, poverty, and malnutrition, particularly during the critical 1,000-day window between pregnancy and a child's second birthday when good nutrition matters the most.    Nutrition bridges many areas. It affects human health, development, economic growth, agriculture, education and resilience, and because of this Feed the Future has taken a comprehensive approach to undernutrition.    And this approach has contributed to substantial progress on food security and nutrition globally. Farm productivity is on the rise among much of the global south. Poverty rates and hunger have fallen dramatically in many of the countries where we work.    Growth rates in agriculture are among the highest in recent history, and preliminary data demonstrate that we are on track to see poverty and stunting reduced by an average of 20 percent across the areas where Feed the Future works by 2017.    Just one example of this is Cambodia, where from 2010 to 2015 the prevalence of stunting fell by 23.3 percent across the areas where Feed the Future focuses its efforts.    And while we have seen impressive gains over the past 5 years, particularly on stunting and nutrition, there is still much more to be done.    We know that 795 million people are still undernourished globally, and that is 795 million too many.    Undernutrition, particularly early in life, impairs cognitive, socio-emotional, and also motor development. It leads to lower levels of educational attainment, productivity and lifetime earnings, and ultimately it slows economic growth.    For example, we know that by reducing stunting by just 20 percent can lead to an 11 percent increase in incomes. We also know that relatively simple interventions such as increased consumption of vitamin-rich orange-fleshed sweet potatoes can have a transformative impact on people's lives, especially children's.    Our interventions in nutrition are a smart investment in building human capital and shared prosperity. Every dollar spent on improved nutrition yields up to $18 in returns.    But to accelerate progress on poverty and hunger, and to ensure robust inclusive economic growth for years to come, we must do more to end malnutrition.    Significant reductions in stunting take time. But given the solid collective results over the past decade, and the global community's commitment to solving these issues, I am optimistic that we can work together across sectors, across disciplines, and we will see the elimination of malnutrition.    And while it's clear that Feed the Future can and has done a lot, we know that we will never be able to eradicate global hunger, poverty, and undernutrition on our own.    To succeed, we have to have additional partners committed to transforming agro-food systems so we can deliver benefits like good nutrition for years to come.    But impact like this does take funding, and to pay for it all we must develop a new international framework for financing agriculture, food security, and nutrition, one that goes beyond donor assistance to better leverage resources from all sectors.    So going forward, Feed the Future will intensify our partnerships--and we have been intensifying our partnerships--with: developing country governments to expand ownership and create environments that allow our investments to take root, multiply, and thrive; the private sector to bring market access, cutting-edge business practices, and innovative insights to the development table; and financial institutions to spur greater investment in small and medium enterprises and small-holder farms, ensuring inclusive sustainable economic growth on a macro level.    And civil society is also important. They help to amplify our message, increase transparency, and make sure that vulnerable groups are protected and our investments reach our targeted population.    By bringing partners together, to focus efforts on agriculture and nutrition, Feed the Future and the U.S. Government have achieved a great deal. Our approach is working and we can and will leverage it to do much more.    And that is why Feed the Future will continue to forge new partnerships and strategically steward our resources to multiply our impact and build a more food- and nutrition-secure future.    One of the most important partners we have in this is the United States Congress, and I want to thank you again for your leadership on this issue.    I am grateful for the opportunity to speak with you today and I welcome any questions, comments, and suggestions you might have.    Ms. Dunford. Right.    Ms. Dunford. Great. So I wanted to highlight, as you mentioned, chlorohexidine which is an important intervention where it was based on years of research that USAID funded in Nepal and in partnership with a local private sector company that we also help to support.    The government really took on this initiative. It's a gel that you put on the umbilical cord after birth to keep the umbilical cord sanitary to prevent against tetanus.    And as we know, as child mortality rates are decreasing, neonatal mortality rates are often the most difficult to really start seeing great movement on. And this really can reduce the infant mortality rate by 23 percent just by use of this one gel. It costs pennies to distribute and in Nepal we are working to have it disseminated across the country.    A network of 48,000 community health volunteers have taken up this effort under government leadership and are working to get it out to the farthest reaches of way up in the mountains, way out into the plains.    It is very easy to apply. It is something that these community health volunteers, when they work with pregnant women to inform them of best practices going forward to have a healthy pregnancy, it's something they can give to the women.    There is one person who is always present at a delivery, and it's the mother. So the mother carries the packet around with her and it's just one application that anyone can do. So that is a very, very important intervention, and I do know the Government of Nigeria has gone to Nepal to receive training and to better understand how chlorohexidine works and how they might integrate it into the health system.    How far it has actually gone I am not sure. But it is one of several governments that have learned from Nepal in this effort.    And we are looking at working with the African Union, which has shown tremendous leadership on the issue of food security and nutrition and we are really working to highlight what we are calling champions of change, to work with partner country governments that are demonstrating the type of leadership by putting their own funds into agriculture and food security, by putting in place the right policies that can really allow space for private sector investment to further fuel the agricultural transformation and to fuel investments in nutrition. And by elevating those leaders that are doing a good job, they are really incentivizing others to follow suit and we are hopeful that Nigeria will go along that path as well.    Ms. Dunford. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman, for those important questions.    I wanted to touch, first, upon faith-based organizations, which are incredibly important to Feed the Future and its implementation.    As we work with civil society, faith-based organizations are a critical part of that throughout all of the 19 focus countries where we work on many, many different levels.    Just to provide one example, in Zambia, Catholic Relief Services is out there working specifically to deliver nutrition messages to first 1,000 day mothers and also to first 1,000 day mothers in their communities, helping them to understand what types of nutrition they need to ensure that they take advantage of this really critical window and also making sure they have access to those nutritious foods as well.    I wanted to talk also about the SDGs, and I think you're right. The SDGs are--it is a very important global moment where world leaders came together to agree on how important development is and codify that.    As we know, SDG 2 is most focused on hunger. We think it's a really important way to elevate the work that we all think is so important.    There are a lot of competing priorities out there. I like to say that hunger and food security weaves itself through all of the SDGs and is central to everything that we can and will do.    I think in order to help us raise the profile of this effort are the results that we are starting to see come in. With the right types of investment we can see change and I think that is as motivating a factor as anything to keep this at the top of the policy agenda.    Ms. Dunford. Thank you, Ranking Member Bass, for that question and also for your support of the Global Security Act.    Chicken Choice is one of my favorite examples which I think is why it made it into the testimony. It's really a nice example of someone who worked in a chicken factory who saw that chicken parts were being sort of discarded and these poor women who had no other choice, no other avenues, were coming to dig through the trash to find these parts in order to have something to feed their children that was nutritious. And so he started a product made from these by-products and started expanding to different locations throughout Kenya. He ended up with nine locations but had difficulty reliably transporting this very nutritious but low-cost product to these nine locations. We helped him buy a refrigerated truck, as simple as that. Given that transport can be dicey, this really helped him expand his business and get this low-cost nutritious food out to many more people.    So I am glad you like that example. That's the type of ingenuity and innovation that we need to see from the private sector that we are trying to support.    Other examples, just to put out there, I was just in Rwanda last month and I went with a group of women to their field of beans, and they have been growing iron-fortified beans.    This bean has doubled the amount yielded by a traditional bean. It cooks in half the time, which is very significant for people who are time-bound and needing to get fuel to cook all their food with, and has a very important source of iron.    And so I think these seeds we are starting to disseminate throughout Rwanda will be very much game changing when one of these staple foods becomes something that is iron-fortified from the very beginning.    So there are a couple of examples. I am happy to provide more as well.    Ms. Dunford. Yes. So the Malabo Commitments that came out of the 2014 African Union summit are very, very good if you read them and I think the African Union is looking to see how can we use CAADP to fuel the implementation or the attainment of these goals, which include things like reducing stunting and poverty, and tripling trade and the rest.    And they're launching this campaign called Seize the Moment, talking of champions of change--like I said, really elevating country leaders who are doing the right thing on agriculture and malnutrition. And so we're looking forward to seeing how that campaign goes on to really elevate this issue, as Chairman Smith said.    On the regional issue, I think the regional economic communities play a very, very important role. I'll take the example of Senegal and then I've also got an example of Togo I can give.    ECOWAS, the regional economic body in west Africa, passed standard certifications of seed, but these were not adopted by Senegal for many, many years.    So what you found were that private sector actors involved in seed production and multiplication were not able to operate freely in Senegal, and that the government was left with an inadequate system--really, trying to get seeds out to farmers and didn't have access to the latest seeds.    So the Government of Senegal, as part of its New Alliance commitments, in 2013 passed a law that put Senegal in line with these regulations that had been passed and encouraged by the regional economic community, and therefore, allowed for private sector engagement in the seed sector.    We helped to amplify this effort once the policy was right to get private sector actors out there producing and multiplying seeds that were able to reach many, many more farmers.    As a result, NERICA rice now is readily available on the market. It's a rice that's drought resistant, drought tolerant, and also increases yield by up to 3 times.    And so as part of our interventions working with private sector and this important policy change, now 180,000 farmers have access to this new technology that's really game changing.    Also, the regional economic community put in place some regulations on how many border check points you could have--a maximum of 30 border check points--which is critically important.    And we supported some businessmen in Togo who really went to the ministers and said, wait a minute, you aren't abiding by this regional economic rule and had an advocacy campaign to get people out to see all of the check points. And upon understanding what it took to get food from the north of Togo down to southern Togo--which was taking up to 4 days, they were aghast and put in place these changes and now it only takes 1 day to go from the north.    Ms. Dunford. Absolutely.    Ms. Dunford. So I think that genetically-engineered technology is one of many, many tools that we use along with conventional breeding, along with other techniques, to help farmers increase their productivity, that have to do with things like drip irrigation and the rest.    We definitely follow countries' own laws, regulations, and wishes around genetically modified crops.    Ms. Dunford. Thank you.    Ms. Dunford. So Mr. Clawson, thank you so much for your question and also before I go on I also want to thank you for your support of the Global Food Security Act.    I think you hit on one of the key issues. As I said, all of this takes money, and money at different levels, to invest in public sector infrastructure and research but really to invest so that the small and medium enterprises can really move the agricultural system to have the kind of outcomes that we're looking for. So I think you are right. Credit is one of the critical components to enable us to reach our goals.    I just wanted to provide another example from Senegal, where one of the problems with getting agricultural credit out there is that often you need a little bit bigger loans. The payback time needs to be a little longer sometimes because you have to wait for crop cycles and, frankly, it's a very risky investment for commercial lenders and so how do we get money out to these people?    And I think that there have been some very creative ways over the years. One thing that we found in Senegal was to really look at how can we work with banks to have more creative means of collateral.    One thing that we did with working with farmers in Senegal is that we basically took out iPads and found one or two people in the communities who actually were computer literate who could start recording production data from all of these farmers and after they built out a couple years of production data to be able to take that information to banks to say look, here's a record, it is not so risky to lend money to this farmer so he can purchase the inputs he needs to have a good harvest because here's his production record and that will give some guarantee.    We also found in Uganda, where five youth who met at a Feed the Future innovation conference came together and started a mobile app company that provides information to farmers on best practices, but what it also does is these agents are then able to go out to farmers, collect information and create a credit profile for these farmers, who are often illiterate, to take to banks to get them to be able to loan money to farmers.    So I think finding creative ways to get these funds out to farmers is critical.    Ms. Dunford. So I think you're right, there's----    Ms. Dunford. I think that if you saw a system that worked very, very well you would see great reductions in poverty and hunger.    In the countries where we work, there are instances of credit being available but we have not yet succeeded in making this something that's universal across the country.    So I think you've hit on one of the key obstacles that we're tackling, moving forward.    Ms. Dunford. Thank you very much for this question. I think that working with USTR, they have been an incredibly important partner for us. Really expanding trade is one of the most important things--trade, not aid, is really going to lead to the future that we seek of a food-secure world.    And so we've been partnering with USTR to build a capacity for Africans to increase their trade. We've also been working in other areas as well. So I think they are an incredibly important partner, mostly in the capacity building of key trade systems, and will continue to be moving forward.    Ms. Dunford. So I think our efforts are really focusing on helping people to grow and access the right types of food in order to have a balanced diet that would include all of the types of micronutrients that you're talking about, including folic acid.    And I know our colleagues in the Bureau for Global Health work also in micronutrients and I will check with them and get back to you in a written answer on how we include folic acid specifically.    Ms. Dunford. $895 million.    Ms. Dunford. Yes, of course. Of course.    Ms. Dunford. That's okay.    Ms. Dunford. Right.    Ms. Dunford. Absolutely. I would be honored.    Ms. Dunford. Well, I just want to thank you so much. It's been an honor to be able to testify before you and your committee today. I really appreciate your interest and support in this effort.    I wanted to just give one more example of really talking about the importance of women in Feed the Future and the groundbreaking work of the Women's Empowerment in Agriculture Index that has really helped us to--for the first time--measure women's empowerment and understand where and why empowerment goes up and down.    This is an area where Bangladesh, when we did the first round of WEAI Surveys scored the lowest of all our focus countries on this index. And it led our mission and also the country of Bangladesh to take this seriously and say, ``What can we do to increase women's empowerment?'' The WEAI found that public speaking was one of the key issues and Bangladesh really worked to ensure that women had opportunities to be trainers in agricultural extension and also looked at how they had problems with control over their production and really understanding that actually fishing was one of the biggest smallholder activities and the big nets being used were so big that men had to actually harvest the fish, which led women to be dependent on men to harvest the fish for their own consumption and also for sale.    And so we've worked to develop a smaller net that more women can use so they can then control the efforts of their production.    So you've seen a big improvement of women's empowerment in Bangladesh and just showing how measurement combined with government leadership and our efforts can quickly move the dial on an issue that has been so pervasive for decades.    Ms. Dunford. Absolutely. That is one of things we are really trying to do. I think Mr. Clawson hit on a key issue that is a hard nut to crack and we are really working toward getting there.    So yes, that is well coordinated. If I could say one more point, I started out my career in international development at USAID as a young officer in Ethiopia back in 2002, 2003 where there was a famine--14 million people on the verge of starvation. It was my first experience with anything like this--very, very formative.    That year, I was working on providing food assistance to those people. The USAID Mission in Ethiopia that year spent $5 million on agricultural development and nutrition, the type of work we are talking about today, and spent $500 million on handing out food to people.    And while that's a very, very important effort, I just really applaud your support for us to actually reverse that, to spend more money actually on building the long-term capacity that's going to help people pull themselves out of poverty and pull themselves out of hunger.    I really appreciate your efforts.