    Mr. George. Thank you, Chairman Crenshaw, Ranking Member Serrano, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the invitation to discuss ways for the Internal Revenue Service to perform its mission more efficiently and effectively.    We have reported that a trend of lower budgets and reduced staffing has affected the IRS's ability to deliver its priority program areas, including customer service and enforcement. In addition, it has the increased responsibilities of implementing certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act.    The IRS also continues to dedicate significant resources to detect and review potential identity theft tax returns and assist victims. IRS employees who work the majority of identity theft cases are telephone assisters who also respond to taxpayer calls to the IRS's toll-free telephone lines. This has contributed to the IRS's inability to timely resolve victims' cases as well as the continued decline in its ability to timely respond to taxpayers' written correspondence.    While the IRS faces many resource challenges, TIGTA has recently reported on several areas where the IRS can operate more efficiently. For example, we determined that electronic filing of amended tax returns could save the IRS money and prevent the issuance of erroneous tax refunds.    We believe the IRS could save about $17 million per year if it allowed taxpayers to electronically file amended tax returns rather than only allowing paper returns. Electronic filing of amended returns would also enable the IRS to use the processes it currently uses to verify originally filed tax returns.    TIGTA estimates that using these same processes could prevent the issuance of more than $2 billion in potentially erroneous refunds associated with amended returns over the next 5 years.    TIGTA also found that the IRS's field work collection process is not designed to ensure that cases with the highest collection potential are identified. With the significant growth in delinquent accounts and the reduction in the number of IRS employees, it is essential that cases with the highest risk and potential for collection are identified.    The IRS could also make more informed business decisions when determining how to use its limited resources. For example, the IRS eliminated or reduced services at Taxpayer Assistance Centers. Although the IRS stated that the services eliminated or reduced were, in part, the result of the IRS's anticipated budget cuts, the IRS's plans did not show the extent of how the reduction in services would lower costs. Moreover, it later had to reverse certain decisions.    Furthermore, timelier reporting of third-party data and additional authority would assist the IRS in improving tax administration. Each year, the IRS receives information returns filed by third parties, such as employers and educational institutions.    These returns provide the IRS the information needed to verify taxpayers' claims for benefits, such as the Earned Income Tax Credit and the American Opportunity Tax Credit. However, information returns are generally not filed with the IRS until after most taxpayers have filed their annual tax returns.    Requiring third parties to file information returns earlier would provide the IRS the opportunity to use the information contained in these forms to verify tax returns at the time they are processed rather than after refunds are issued.    For example, the IRS issued more than $3 billion in potentially erroneous education credits in Tax Year 2012 to taxpayers who claimed students for whom the IRS did not receive a Form 1098-T tuition statement from a post-secondary educational institution. However, even if the third-party information returns are received more timely, the IRS still needs certain authorities to more efficiently and effectively use this data.    Generally, the IRS must audit any tax return it identifies with a questionable claim before the claim can be adjusted or denied, even if the IRS has reliable data that indicates the claim is erroneous.    The Department of the Treasury has included a legislative proposal as part of the IRS's budget requests since Fiscal Year 2013 to obtain correctible error authority, which would permit the IRS to systematically deny all tax claims for which the IRS has reliable data showing the claim is erroneous.    TIGTA estimates the use of correctable error authority, along with expanded use of the Department of Health and Human Services National Directory of New Hires, could have prevented the issuance of approximately $2 billion in questionable Earned Income Tax Credit claims in Tax Year 2012.    Chairman Crenshaw, Ranking Member Serrano, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to share my views.    Mr. George. If I may, Mr. Chairman, I have had the privilege, actually, of knowing John Koskinen for almost 20 years. I was staff director of the subcommittee overseeing the transition to the Y2K conversion.    He is a serious, conscientious public servant who realizes the challenges facing one of the most important government entities in the world and, obviously, for this Nation.    He obviously has new responsibilities that the ACA and some extraneous items that he inherited before him, but he is literally willing to call me at home and meet with me at any time to discuss issues that we raise of concern.    We list, as you know, required by the Reports Consolidation Act, a list of the top 10 management challenges. And we listed security as the top management challenge confronting the IRS this year.    He is providing resources to address that, in addition to, obviously, FATCA, in addition to many of the other areas that are confronting the IRS.    So I am not here to advocate for him in terms of additional resources. But, candidly, they are being requested to do a lot more with a lot less. And that is something that, again, needs to be considered.    Mr. George. Yeah.    Mr. George. This is such recent news, Mr. Chairman. Most definitely we will ask about it. We will inquire about it. But it is so new to me that I do not have any additional information at this time.    Mr. George. Well, what we need to keep in mind, sir, any--I have argued throughout my tenure here, if you can make it as easy as possible for the American people to comply with their tax obligations, they will do so.    As you pointed out, with the Earned Income Tax Credit, the instructions are almost 30, if not more, pages. And for most people, whether they are college-educated or not, trying to understand the Tax Code is one of the most difficult challenges that they face.    When you have a system that allows for electronic filing, as I indicated both in my written and oral statement, that assists taxpayers in complying with the Code, and when you have instances, as was pointed out both by Ms. Olson as well as myself, where they are not answering the telephones, where they are closing Taxpayer Assistance Centers and the like, it makes it more difficult for people who either do not have the resources or the ability, meaning a lot of senior citizens, to go to an H&R Block or what have you.    So the point being is we need to ensure that the IRS, again, applies the limited resources that they have to providing assistance to taxpayers and, secondly, that they are getting accurate information. As you may recall, we have done examinations in the past which showed, at some points, almost half of answers to the questions that taxpayers posed to the IRS by way of a telephone call--to the 800 number, as well as the most available Taxpayer Assistance Centers, were inaccurate. They were wrong.    And then we have tax preparers in the private sector who either intentionally or unintentionally, again, provide incorrect information, the American people overall are harmed because of the reduction in the resources--or revenue, rather, that is collected.    So the bottom line is we need to make sure that the IRS is able to bring on competent people, have, you know, adequate resources in terms of responding to phone calls, but that people can get answers accurately by way of using the irs.gov system. And I am concerned about all of those areas, sir.    The first for us--whenever--and it is very rare now because I do not travel. But when I used to speak to tax preparers, I would implore them, they are the front guard for all of this.    So if someone is seeking a credit for which they are not entitled, these men and women are the ones who, you know, if they are honorable people, should tell that taxpayer, ``We cannot and we will not fill that form out for you.'' And I am very concerned that that is not happening to the extent that it should.    Mr. George. And if I may just add, Congressman, it is so much more inefficient and costly for the IRS to collect money once it is out the door.    They have to do a cost-benefit analysis, and they have elected, for the most part, to--and whether it is right or wrong--since it is going to be more costly for us to collect X amount of money from a taxpayer, let it go.    Mr. George. And I would just add, sir, that, one, obviously, this is unprecedented in terms of the history of this country. And from the perspective, as I view it, of the IRS, they have invested a lot of money, a lot of energy, into this. And so it would be a waste to the IRS if it is repealed.    Mr. George. Morning, sir.    Mr. George. It technically varies, depending upon when the IRS decides to open. I mean, of course, the tax years begins----    Mr. George . At the beginning of the calendar year. We are speaking generally because you have corporations, too, that have different----    Mr. George. Individuals.    So I believe this year it was the second or third week of January, although last year it was delayed because of funding issues. But, then again--and this is not public--I mean, it is not private information.    But, as I indicated and, I believe, as Ms. Olson indicated, also, people can file before employers or others who are required to report how much money they have reported that information to the IRS, sir.    Mr. George. I believe it is March. It is March. So yes.    Mr. George. There is a statutory deadline for that.    Mr. George. There is no limit that is received only in the United States. The IRS recently gave people the opportunity to have, you know, multiple accounts receive refunds.    And, sir, I just want to make sure we are clear. It is not even just a Social Security number. An individual taxpayer--what is called an ITIN, an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number, can also be used to file and to receive a refund.    Mr. George. Oh, no.    Mr. George. Yes.    Mr. George. Yes.    Mr. George. I am going to give you a chance.    Mr. George. Okay. And if I just may say, I find it appalling, Congressman, when the message from the IRS is, ``File early so that the criminals can't take advantage of you.''    That is extremely troubling. And it may be common sense, again, with resource limitations and what have you, but I am actually very shocked and disappointed by that message.    Mr. George. Go ahead, please.    Mr. George. And I would simply add, sir, I think that you were quoting Lord Acton about the power to tax being the power to destroy. There is no question at all, that that resonates with people. I, again, although I should have prefaced my statement by saying, since President Reagan's administration, sir, the Secretary of the Treasury has issued a directive--to discuss tax policy for the Department of the Treasury. It has given sole authority to the Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy, so I need to adhere to that. The bottom line is, it has to be fair. People have to know that they are being treated respectfully. And I will note this because, again, I was a staffer on Capitol Hill, when the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act was passed which created TIGTA, and I don't know whether----    Mr. George. And Ms. Olson's office. So it seems that periodically, the IRS experiences this period where things are amiss, and I am not sure, sir, whether you were here or not, but I earlier, again, gave a lot of credit to the current Commissioner who is an extraordinarily experienced executive and who is taking these matters quite seriously, and I think will hopefully have a positive impact on the workings of the     Mr. George. Again, sir, I don't recall whether you were here. The instructions for filing the Earned Income Tax Credit are extraordinarily complicated. And so, obviously, if somebody wants to commit fraud--we have a voluntary compliance system, so if someone wants to cheat on their taxes, unless you required third-party reporting on everything that anyone earns, people will be able to do so. The key, of course, would be for the IRS to make examples of people who are caught having cheated on any aspect of their tax return. That, obviously, practically cannot work because of the millions of people involved and the billions of dollars involved.    I will say this: For over 20 years, the Earned Income Tax Credit has been one of the most abused credits in the tax system. And while some progress was made at one point, not enough has been done. And the Commissioner knows this, Congress knows this. So I--again, unless you are going to start arresting people and prosecuting and parading them in front of cameras, I really don't have a definitive answer for you.    Mr. George. Yes.    Mr. George. And please, I hate to punt here, but that is a policy question, Congresswoman. And I am going to have to defer on that one.    Mr. George. I agree.    Mr. George. It is resources, sir.    Mr. George. Sir, and I beg the chairman's indulgence--because he has heard me, I think, recite the following. You haven't, but----    Mr. George. Well, but this is so important.    Mr. George. It is called third-party reporting, sir. There is a high correlation between tax compliance and third-party information reporting and withholding. The IRS itself estimates individuals whose wages are subject to self-reporting--withholding, rather--so reporting by a third party--report 99 percent of their wages. So if a business or you know, anyone else reports to the IRS----    Mr. George . We pay, you know, Russell George, you know, $100, you will get 100 percent from me, but 99 percent from most people.    Mr. George. Now, self-employed individuals who operate nonfarm businesses are estimated to report only 68 percent of their income for tax purposes. So again, these are people who are not given--that information is not given to the IRS, at all, and they are estimated to report only a little more than two-thirds. But here is the most, I think, shocking figure. Self-employed individuals who operate businesses on a cash basis are estimated to report only 19 percent.    Mr. George. As to the second question, sir, I will have to defray--defer, rather, to the Commissioner. He needs to--I don't know the answer to that question.    As to your first question, the IRS has agreed to every one of the recommendations that we issued in that report which preceded his arrival, out of fairness to him. We are in the process now of validating whether or not that is actually the case. We also made a commitment to Mr. Cummings, and I informed then-Chairman Issa, of the fact that we were going to and we are in the process of looking at how the IRS treated groups that were not related to Tea Party, Patriot, and the other groups that were identified initially by the IRS as being part of the groups they had, you know, I am going to use the word targeted now just as because you used it, but that is not the word we used.    I cannot--we are human beings, sir. So you can have every rule in the world, and if someone wants to disregard the rule, they can. And again, with the IRS, ranging from 80-plus-thousand, to at its height, 100-plus-thousand, there are bad apples everywhere. So I cannot sit here and, you know, before Congress say that nothing could ever reoccur.    Mr. George. But you know, I think in this environment, you know, you are dealing with some smart people now at the head of that organization. And I am optimistic that they will avoid a repeat of this type of behavior.