    Mr. Vladeck. Thank you. Thank you very much, Dr. Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky.    I am David Vladeck. I teach at Georgetown Law School, and I served as Director of the Federal Trade Commission's Bureau of Consumer Protection from 2009 until 2012.    I thank you for inviting me to be here this morning. You have my written statement which addresses many of the proposals pending before this committee. I want to focus my remarks on three particular bills.    And I want to start off by urging the committee to first do no harm. There are a number of these bills that I think are, no doubt, well-intentioned, but would hobble the agency's ability to effectively protect consumers.    I want to start with the TIME Act which would overturn by statute a carefully-considered, balanced, bipartisan view of the Commission that consent decrees ought to last for 20 years, absent some change in circumstance that warrants their modification.    Now one thing to keep in mind is, if we sue in District Court, those injunctions last in perpetuity until they are modified or otherwise rescinded. And so, 20 years I understand sounds like a long time, but it is the only remedy the Commission has in virtually all of the cases. So, the proposed bill would turn a 20-year consent decree into an eight-year one, renewable only if the Commission can meet the standards set out in the statute. It turns meaningful restraint into what lawyers would call somewhat of a glorified slap on the wrist. And it is particularly inapt here because the data breach cases that the agency litigates and settles are really the only economic incentive for companies to really have robust data security.    So, let's look at the facts. In 2015, there were nearly half a million complaints filed with the FTC about identity theft. Identity theft is the debris of an internet economy that does not take data security seriously enough.    The Department of Justice estimates that more than 17 million people, 7 percent of American adults, were victims of at least one incident of identity theft in 2014, and this is big business. The last statistics the Justice Department compiled come from 2012, but there identity theft cost the U.S. economy $24 billion, $10 billion more than all of the losses attributable to property loss through crimes.    So, this is the one real tool the agency has. I don't believe any of the companies under consent order have ever been recidivists. And, you know, the argument is this is going to stifle innovation. Well, look at the companies under order. Not one has experienced any sort of speed bump in innovation. Facebook, Twitter, Google, small companies like Chitika, FrostWire, they are thriving.    And the reason is our consent decrees are tailored not to stifle innovation. If you look at the Google order, it requires the company don't lie; if you are going to change your data-sharing practices, get the consent of the consumer first, and give the agency audits every other year.    In data security cases the fundamental consent decree is do what is reasonable; do what a reasonable company in your shoes would do, and help keep us informed. Those are the nuts and bolts of these FTC orders.    There is a lot of rhetoric here about stifling innovation. I would like to see a case in which some company made a credible claim that was true.    Next, I would like to talk about the changes to the unfairness statement. Contrary to the remarks earlier, the unfairness statement would substantially amend existing law. There are no two ways about it. It would cherry-pick certain provisions to the unfairness statement and make them the law, and it would add others.    Congress has deliberated on this issue for 100 years, and Congress has decided not to do what has been proposed, which is to rigidify and take off the table options for the agency simply because the marketplace changes. We could not have conceived of unfair acts like what took place in DesignerWare where people devised devices that you take into your home and surreptitiously photograph you, your family, and your loved ones. This is something that we didn't anticipate in 1980, but it is true today. And this recodification of the unfairness standard jeopardizes those kinds of cases.    The last point I want to make is the SHIELD Act. It may be that the intent of the bill is simply to allow evidence of compliance introduced as compliance with guidance documents, but that is not the way the bill is written. Compliance with a guidance document would be viewed as compliance with the law, and it would serve as an absolute defense liability. This may simply be a drafting problem, but the way it is written now, it is a get-out-of-jail-free card for companies that have violated the law, simply because they can find somewhere in the agency's archives a statement from a guidance document that might support its position in litigation. That doesn't protect anyone that we want to protect. It certainly doesn't protect consumers.    I see my time has expired. Thank you very much.    Mr. Vladeck. Well, again, there are parts of these proposals that I think make great sense. Certainly, there needs to be reform of the common carrier exception. There needs to be reform in terms of the exception for bonafide nonprofits because that exemption really seriously impairs a lot of our antifraud work, nonprofits only in name, but scams in practice. The anti-disparagement provision I think is really an important step forward.    But there are a number of concerns I have. For example, requiring BE to vet any public pronouncement the agency may make to Congress, to state legislatures, to state regulators, the clear impact of that provision, put aside its intent, will be to muzzle the FTC. And why would want to restrain the FTC from simply giving its views, when, of course, the state or Congress can disregard them, just doesn't make sense. To perform a real cost/benefit analysis of the kind contemplated in the statute would drain very scarce resources.    And part of that is we are an under-resourced agency. My job was to do triage. Even though we were the largest component of the FTC, my job was to figure out what matters we would proceed with and which ones we would let go. And so, I am very sensitive to the resource constraints the agency has, and I would urge you to avoid placing additional constraints, unless there was enormous bang for the buck, unless we were getting something seriously out of it.    Mr. Vladeck. Oh, the American consumer will be the loser. Each of these provisions drains agency resources or gives people who violate the law an out. Termination of investigations because we miss a six-month deadline, really? No matter how egregious the conduct was, no matter what justification was there for missing a deadline? It seems utterly disproportionate to an agency that has got many matters in place simply for missing a deadline. I mean, there is no one here who wins other than lawbreaker, and there is no one here who loses other than the American people.    Modifying the unfairness doctrine will constrain the agency. There is just no question about it. It amends the unfairness standard. It adds components that will make it more difficult to bring actions to prevent harm, which, of course, has been the agency's mission since its founding. And it will make it difficult to do cases where, like DesignerWare, you have people engaged in immoral, unscrupulous conduct, but the conduct does not cause economic harm.    So, yes, I think there are many, many difficulties with some of these proposals.    Mr. Vladeck. Oh, the Bureau of Economics is involved in every matter that goes before the Commission. Every case I worked on, there was a BE economist assigned to it. Every policy, the paper that we generated, a BE economist was assigned to work on that. Every workshop that we held, much of the important reports that the agency generates were largely generated by BE. We did a huge report on the debt buyer industry, a very important report, which was done by BE. And so, it is a constant presence and powerful force within the agency.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Vladeck, I introduced a bill that will give the FTC the authority to protect consumers from unfair and deceptive practices by nonprofit organizations. And we heard the Chairwoman earlier testify that the Commission supports repealing the nonprofit exemption. You also testified that you support repealing the nonprofit exemption.    How do you see, me repealing this exemption, how do you see it being of benefit to consumers?     Mr. Vladeck. This is an enormously important area because often fraudsters, people who are scamming, fake health insurance, they hide under the shield of being a nonprofit. So, one of the first major sweeps I worked on when I got to the FTC involved collaboration with state insurance commissioners, state attorneys general, to go after dozens and dozens and dozens of fake insurers and health providers. And the principal objection we found as a jurisdiction threshold was we don't have any authority because we are organized as a nonprofit. That is a showstopper. If we don't have jurisdiction, we can't proceed. We can't proceed with our investigations. We certainly can't proceed with litigation. And so, the first and important point about this, this will take away a devise scammers and others intent on stealing people's money use to hide from the agency.    Second, we have seen a lot of very serious data breaches by entities that are essentially unregulated, colleges, university, nonprofit healthcare providers. The nonprofit healthcare corporations may have some obligations under HIPAA, but they are not regulated elsewhere.    Time and again, we see massive data breaches involving very sensitive information, health records, education records, and there is no remedy. We did a peer-to-peer sweep to find out what kinds of information were available from unsecure networks. And many of the most egregious problems were with hospitals, nonprofit hospitals, and with state universities. Yes, we let them know they had vulnerabilities on their system, but we had no leverage to force them to upgrade their systems or to do a better job protecting highly-sensitive data.    And so, this is a very important reform. I urge your colleagues to give this the most careful consideration. It really is essential to enable the FTC to better protect consumers in this space.    Mr. Rush. On the flip side, I have heard of concerns from the nonprofit community that FTC jurisdiction could lead to increased regulation and increases in the cost of doing business. Do you agree with this statement? How accurate do you believe this statement is? And also, do you believe that the increase in consumer protection would justify these costs if any exist?    Mr. Vladeck. Thank you for the question. I am calling on my economist friends on the panel to do the cost/benefit analysis, but I have no--this was a joke.    But there is no question that better regulation will ultimately serve the economy. A level playing field, consumer protection, the cost of data breach and identity theft are an enormous strain on the economy, partly because institutions can externalize their cost on the consumers, who are stuck with the bill.    And so, I think ex-ante regulation makes a whole lot of sense, more than ex-post consumer cost, in trying to restore their credit. If it is a medical facility, medical ID theft has skyrocketed, and there is no easy way to restore your identity. You have to go provider by provider to prove who you are and to get the benefits that you are paying for.    And so, anything that we can do to place at least some market discipline on these actors I think is really critical, and I think this is a very important measure that I urge the committee to seriously consider.    Mr. Vladeck. So, the FTC and the FCC share jurisdiction in most of the consumer protection issues involved in providing these kinds of telecommunication services. So, a lot of what we did were cases involving false or deceptive advertising, improper marketing claims, billing abuses such as cramming, forcing unauthorized charges onto consumer bills, privacy, data security. These were spaces that we occupied jointly. We collaborated very closely on enforcement.    But with the common carrier exception, and particularly the reclassification under Title II of internet services, the agency is threatened with losing some of that authority. I think it is very important for consumers to have a consumer protection agency in that space.    The FCC is essentially a regulatory agency. It has a very short statute of limitations. It can collect civil penalties. It does not do consumer redress. The FTC puts money back in the hands of consumers. The FCC does not.    Consumers deserve better in this space, and repealing this archaic common carrier exception, which is really an artifact of a different time when monopolies were regulated by the FCC, is long overdue. This is a measure the Commission on a bipartisan basis has urged Congress to take for decades, and the time really is now.    Mr. Vladeck. So, for example, AT&T and TracFone were throttling consumers. They promised unlimited data, but they didn't tell them that, after a certain setpoint, they would get data; they would just get it one grain of sand at a time.    It was incredibly frustrating for consumers. They complained to both agencies. The FTC sued both AT&T and TracFone over this throttling. We got substantial redress for consumers which will go back into their wallets.    This is the sort of thing that the FTC has historically done. We do it well. We certainly did it in cooperation with the FCC. These were investigations that were jointly conducted, but we managed to both stop the practice and to return money to consumers' wallets for a service they did not get.    Mr. Vladeck. Well, the throttling was intentional.    Mr. Vladeck. Well, for example, I think it is fair to say the Commission took a very hard look at advertised rates of delivery of broadband service. We did this in collaboration with the FCC. We did not bring enforcement actions, but this is the sort of issue that the Commission, prior to reclassification, took a very hard look at. Post-reclassification our authority to do that, I think, is in some doubt.    Mr. Vladeck. Well, again, I think that the FTC has had enormous success in developing a reasonable privacy program that protects consumers' expectations without putting a speed bump on the road to innovation. And I think that we are well-equipped to do that. We have worked jointly with the FCC on all sorts of things ranging from mobile apps to investigations on these kinds of issues. I think there ought to be overlapping jurisdiction here, just the way the FTC has overlapping jurisdiction with the FDA, the SEC, the Commodities Future Trading Commission, and virtually every other agency in the city. We play well, but we also do a very good job of protecting consumers because that is our only mission, unlike the FCC which has the mission of making sure the industry delivers the services it does.