    Mr. Perry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Taylor, a man named, a jihadist as I would characterize him, named Abdul Sabah from Florida was allowed back into the country and wandered around here for about 6 months in between visits to Syria. Now, he eventually met his demise on his own hand as a suicide bomber in Syria, but as far as I know, we didn't even know. The United States didn't even know that he made two previous trips. So, this individual is obviously somebody that we would be interested in and poses a threat to our security.    How did we--how did your agency--what did we miss? How did we miss it?    Mr. Perry. I agree with you, I am just--how did we miss him? What has changed, what have you done in your agency to make sure that that doesn't happen again?    How did we miss him? What has changed?    Mr. Perry. Are there any concrete steps that you can describe right now that you have changed based on missing him and to make sure it doesn't happen again?    Mr. Perry. What have you done?    Mr. Perry. With all due respect, in the interest of time, is that information Classified?    Mr. Perry. Okay. Can we set up an off-site that I can get that information from you? I appreciate it. Thank you.    Moving on, I am just curious to get an understanding of how you characterize this threat. By what name does your agencies refer to what I describe as a global jihadi movement? That is what I described it as. What--you are talking about foreign fighters, but the larger picture, I am just trying to get a mind's eye into your view of it from an agency perspective.    How do you describe this threat?    Mr. Perry. Okay. Mr. Rasmussen.    Mr. Perry. Okay. Mr. Steinbach.    Mr. Perry. Well, I appreciate that, sir, and I agree with you, but you can't fix a problem if you refuse, or unwilling, or unable to label it, and I think it is more than just global extremism.    There is a particular global extremism, and that is why I characterize it as jihadi. The fact that none of you want to say--you know, characterize it that concerns me because that is not identifying the problem.    But, moving on, yet again in the interest of time. The UAE, Saudi Arabia and Egypt considered the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization. I am wondering, in the interest of pursuing foreign fighters, if--that comes into your consideration, radicalization and how it is perpetrated in this country.    Do you look at those organizations, or that particular organization, or another one for that matter--CAIR, those folks wander around this country with impunity and--may or may not be involved in radicalization based on the fact that some nations have considered them a terrorist organization. Does that work into your calculation into determining radicalization? Do you have any knowledge of radicalization or participation by any of the--either of those two organizations?    Mr. Perry. And Muslim Brotherhood.    Mr. Perry. Okay.    Mr. Perry. All right, and so do you do investigations? Have any investigations led you to those organizations at all, regarding radicalization of America?    Mr. Perry. Appreciate it. Mr. Chairman, I yield.