    Dr. Lauer. Good morning. Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and members of the Subcommittee, it is an honor to appear before you today to talk about how the SBIR and STTR programs fit within the overall context of the NIH research portfolio.    NIH has been advancing our understanding of health and disease for more than a century. Scientific and technological breakthroughs generated by NIH-supported research are behind many of the improvements our country has enjoyed in public health. Many recent breakthroughs stem from our Nation's commitment from investing in basic research, which lays the foundation for advances in disease diagnosis, and prevention and is generally not supported by the private sector.    NIH supports a broad research portfolio that includes basic science, translational science, clinical research, and population-based research at universities, academic health centers, and small businesses. Like any other investment portfolio, the key to success is diversity, which maximizes the likelihood that we will come up with transformative cures.    It is important to remember that many years and financial resources are necessary to bring medical innovations into the practice of medicine. It has been estimated that it takes 11 to 14 years and approximately $2.6 billion to bring a new drug to market.    While basic science lays the foundation for advancing our knowledge about the nature and behavior of living systems, this knowledge must then be applied and translated and later approved through the regulatory system before patients can benefit. The small business community benefits form all of the formative research supported by NIH.    Among the 11 federal departments and agencies that participate in the SBIR and STTR programs, the NIH is the second largest funder. Examples of the types of research that we support include but are not limited to drug discovery, medical devices, biosensors, nanotechnology, imaging, and bioengineering. A successful example of a technology developed through our programs is Lift Labs' Liftware, which creates stabilizing technologies to help people with essential tremor and Parkinson's disease.    Our programs have grown significantly with the increases provided by the 2011 Reauthorization. Between fiscal years 2011 and 2016, the NIH budget increased by about 4.5 percent, while our SBIR and STTR budgets increased approximately 30 percent, or six times as much.    We are grateful for the financial and human resources support provided through the administrative fund pilot authority. We have used this authority to bolster and diversify our program outreach efforts, reaching more than 24,000 individuals from all states in the past several years, including 940 women-owned and 650 socially and economically disadvantaged small businesses. Through these and other efforts, we anticipated increased applications from these groups in the future, further diversifying the programs.    The NIH strongly supports the SBIR and STTR programs. For decades, these programs have served as vital sources of federal funding for innovative American small businesses. The program should be permanently reauthorized to provide us all with much-needed long-term certainty.    However, future growth in SBIR and STTR programs should be realized through overall extramural budget increases for each agency. For example, the Congress provided NIH with a $2 billion increase this past year, which meant that our SBIR and STTR budget increased by 12.4 percent from the previous year, nearly twice the agency's increase.    Scholars have noted that the biomedical research enterprise now suffers from hypercompetitiveness with increasing numbers of researchers competing against each other for relatively fewer available dollars. Historically, NIH success rates have been about one in three, and they are now down to less than one in five. We are concerned that dedicating an ever-increasing proportion of NIH's extramural research dollars to these two specific programs would threaten the diversity of the research portfolio, a portfolio that succeeds precisely because it is so diverse. In our judgment, it would be more effective for overall R&D budgets to increase so all programs benefit.    Furthermore, it is imperative that NIH and other federal agencies participating in the program be provided with the resources necessary for effective administration, oversight and outreach as well as reasonable flexibility on award size and sequencing consistent with the diverse needs of small businesses in different industries and technology areas.    This concludes my statement. Thank you for your attention, and I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Dr. Lauer. So for NIH-funded research, there are some additional components of the ecosystem that are important for success metrics, and those would include moving products on to clinical trials, getting them through the regulatory system, working with CMS and other payers to see whether or not a product once eventually successful will be reimbursed in clinical practice, and then also working with professional societies to realize the incorporation of new technologies into standard clinical practice.    Chairwoman Comstock. Good point. Thank you.    Dr. Lauer. Thank you, Congresswoman. This is a very high priority for NIH. On an NIH-wide level, we've set up an Office of Workforce Diversity, which his specifically focused on this. The National Institutes of Minority Health has--is expanding its RO-1 program. The--some of the institutes like the NHLBI have actually set up specific units that are devoted to increasing our profile in disparities research, and then within SBIR, we also are engaged in using administrative funds for extensive outreach efforts. The Phase 0 programs are also an opportunity to bring in previously disadvantaged groups into the fold and increase the likelihood of their success.    Dr. Lauer. Thank you, Congressman. This is a very exciting time for biomedical research, and two themes are high throughput technologies and big data, so looking at complex systems and taking advantage of current exploding information technologies.    So some examples include three-dimensional mapping of neurons within the central nervous system in health and disease, quantification of DNA and gene sequencing technologies, drug screens for rare diseases, there are literally millions of political compounds that could be effective for diseases, and we're now being able to figure out ways in which we could identify potentially beneficial targets in a short period of time.    And then another interesting one from a different side, from a purely clinical side, would be the incorporation of patient-reported outcomes into electronic health records.    Dr. Lauer. Yes. Thank you, Congressman. So, so far 38 companies have gone through the I-Corps program. We've had two cohorts. Our next cohort is kicking off on June 19th with 21 companies, and we're planning an additional two cohorts in 2017, and what we would say so far, it's still too early on in the program to talk about long-term outcomes but the responses have been quite positive. Over 90 percent of the participants have considered the experience to be worthwhile or excellent, and we've seen some interesting examples. One is a company called Cross Life Technologies, which is working on diagnostic tests for viruses like dengue, and some of the work that they're doing may also apply to Zika as well.    Dr. Lauer. Thank you, Congressman. There has been some work that's been done looking at whether or not NIH support is crowding out private investments, and we'd be happy to share some of that with you in follow-up, but it seems that most people are concluding that the answer is no and that the work that NIH is supporting is indeed work that otherwise would not have been supported by private sector.    Our primary goal is to enhance our understanding of the knowledge of living systems and then apply that knowledge to improve health and reduce burdens of disease. That's our agenda, and as best as we can tell, we're meeting that.    Dr. Lauer. I would say the same. Our SBIR grants go through the same rigorous vetting and review and oversight as all the grants at NIH.    Dr. Lauer. Thank you, Congressman. We do recognize that it takes too long for applications to be processed and so beginning about a year ago, we made a number of administrative steps to streamline the SBIR application process, and we hope to have some promising metrics available for you before too long.    Regarding the Phase I/Phase II gap, we have a mechanism called Fast Track where one can apply for combined Phase I/Phase II at the same time. The idea is that if you meet certain metrics through Phase I, you automatically move into Phase II, and that has been growing. It's now--about 25 percent of our Phase II programs go through Fast Track, go straight from Phase I to Phase II.    Dr. Lauer. Yes, I would echo that flexibility, which is especially important to biomedical research because of the additional challenges of getting a product into clinical practice. We also strongly encourage the continuation and strengthening of Phase zero, and the administrative support.    Dr. Lauer. I would say in addition to the traditional metrics for biomedical research, we would consider two important factors. One is incorporation into clinical practice; does it actually benefit real patients in the real world. And then the second is, some of our SBIR work goes into developing tools for research researchers can use to advance science, and we have seen examples where tools have led to advances in knowledge that otherwise could not have happened.    Dr. Lauer. Congresswoman, yes. We are aware with the finding in the NAS report and we are quite concerned about that as well. Our SBIR office is engaged in a number of outreach efforts, which I mentioned specifically in my opening testimony. We're also looking, similar to my colleague here, at how the Phase 0 programs can help, and we'd be happy to follow up with some more details.    Dr. Lauer. Thank you, Congressman. I think part of the reasoning for that is that we've observed that it's rare that a project goes from Phase 0, Phase I, Phase II, Phase IIB and then final approval and marketing. The process in the real world is not that linear, and often there are, for example, two Phase II awards that ultimately lead to development of a product. So the idea of Direct to Phase II was to consider other pathways by which a product may eventually make it.    Dr. Lauer. Well, we certainly don't want that to happen, and that, I think, gets to the point that a number of your colleagues have made, which is that we have to track metrics very carefully, and that we are doing.    Dr. Lauer. So at NIH, two examples would be the Phase IIB awards as well as the bridge awards, which the National Cancer Institute has implemented, and these awards enable up to three years of funding, a million dollars a year, and this is particularly important when you're trying to move a product into clinical trials.