    Dr. Bucshon. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to say I support the consumer's right to know what is in their food products, but I also think it should be based on science. And I support Congressman Pompeo's legislation.    I know it has been said, but I want to reiterate for the record some quotes from organizations around the world, really, talking about GMO.    American Medical Association: ``Our AMA recognizes that there is no evidence that unique hazards exist either in the use of GE techniques or in the movement of genes between unrelated organisms. Bioengineering foods have been consumed for close to 20 years, and, during that time, no overt consequences on human health have been reported or substantiated in peer-reviewed literature.''    Natural Academies of Science: ``Genetic engineering is one of the newer technologies available to produce desired traits in plants and animals used for food, but it poses no health risks that cannot also arise from conventional breeding and other methods used to create new foods.'' They go on to say, ``An analysis of the U.S. experience with genetically engineered crops shows that they offer substantial net environmental and economic benefits compared to conventional crops. Generally, GE crops have fewer adverse effects on the environment than on non-GE crops produced conventionally.''    And, finally, the World Health Organization: ``GM foods currently available on the international market have passed risk assessments and are not likely to present risks for human health. In addition, no effects on human health have been shown as a result of the consumption of such foods by the general population in the countries where they have been approved.''    So, that said, as a medical doctor, I was charged with advising patients on therapy that works, therapy that doesn't work. And, of course, based on the Internet and other sources, there are all kinds of proposed therapies for cancer and heart disease out there that have been unsubstantiated that patients frequently ask me about.    And so I guess my question to everyone on the panel is, should people like elected officials or other people who are in charge of informing the public, should we buy into what I see is a movement without really substantiated reason to be there in the first place? Or, for example, me, buy into a treatment that is not proven to be effective? Or should I lead and should I say to my patients or should I say to the general public what the facts are and not buy into unsubstantiated claims?    And what I see honestly is really, for the most part, a political and economic movement--political because of misinformation and economic because of companies that want their product to be labeled non-GMO so that they can compete with everybody else.    So I will start at the end, and just comment on what your thoughts are. Should we buy in, or should we inform the public and stand up to what is clearly misinformation?    Dr. Bucshon. I am going to interrupt just briefly. As a medical doctor, should I promote a therapy that I know not to be effective because the Internet says that it is?    Dr. Bucshon. Well, there will be because people have a misperception that GMO in some way is inferior to non-GMO products. I am just taking the devil's advocate approach here.    Dr. Bucshon. Fair enough.    I want to get the other three in in my last 25 seconds here.    Dr. Bucshon. My time has expired. Can you submit the rest of your response to that for the record?    Dr. Bucshon. OK. Great.    Dr. Bucshon. I yield back.