    Mr. Atkinson. Good afternoon, Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler, Members of the Subcommittee. It's a pleasure to be here today to talk about this critical issue. And in my written testimony, I go into great length and detail on all the economic benefits to both the global and the U.S. economy from cross-border data flows, so I won't go into that too much, but I want to make one point that a couple of others have made, which is, this is not, quote, ``just a Silicon Valley thing.'' Cross-border data flows are critical to a wide variety of industry, mining, agriculture, automobile production, finance, retailers.    So this is really something that's affecting all of our industries, all sizes of companies. And, unfortunately, we don't have the ability to control our own fate here, because a growing number of Nations are engaging in digital protectionism. Some of the policy reasons for them are, perhaps, legitimate in the sense that they have this concern for privacy. In other cases, privacy is a guise for just naked protectionism; they don't want data to flow outside their country in order to benefit their own domestic companies. And in, still, other cases, companies are requiring data to reside in their borders so they can have unfetterred government access to that data without the rule of law.    But whatever the rationale, this data protectionism hurts the U.S. economy. It raises costs for our companies; it makes them have less global market share. That's why in 2013, ITIF estimated that the cost to U.S. technology companies alone from all of the Snowden revelations and the backlash against us and the restrictions that companies--countries were putting in place under the guise of the Snowden revelations, we stood--our technology companies stood to lose anywhere between 21- and $35 billion by next year in revenues, in global revenues. That hurts not just our technology companies, but the U.S. economy and U.S. workers.    So what do we need to do? I think one of the things we cannot do for a lot of, I think, reasons, but one is we cannot simply say that the way to solve this problem is to adopt the most stringent privacy regime in the world. We can't have another region, another country, tell us what our laws and rules should be with regard to privacy. Our view is our privacy rules and policies are actually the reason we lead in the global digital economy, not the other way around. So we cannot have one solution.    The good news is, we don't have to have one solution. The way--we've argued very, very strongly that when a foreign--when a U.S. company operates on foreign soil, they're subject to the laws of that country. They can't just--just by moving data back to the U.S., they can't get out of their legal obligation. They can't then say, well, we're going to use U.S. privacy policies, even though we have a branch in Brussels.    So in a lot of ways, I think this is a lot of much ado about nothing. We can look just, for example, at the Canadian privacy commissioner, who has filed a number of successful suits against U.S. companies who have branch plants or facilities in Canada, who have broken, or purportedly, broken Canadian privacy law by moving the data back to the U.S., processing it in a way that was against Canadian rules. The Canadian Government had the ability and the right to bring action against those U.S. companies. They did so, and they prevailed. There's no reason why Europe couldn't do the exact same thing.    So what do we need do? I agree with the Ambassador, we really need to push forward on two steps: The first step being trade agreements. TPP purportedly has--reportedly has strong agreements, protections for digital trade there, TiSA as well. But I think the key challenge there is really making sure that any national security or privacy exceptions are very, very narrow. The risk is that the exceptions won't be narrow, and countries will use this again as a guise to restrict--to restrict data flows.    I also think the U.S. should not be overly defensive, at least on the commercial side of the ledger. We have a right to do what we're doing. Our companies aren't really breaking any laws, by and large. And I think it's time for us to at least put on the table the possibility of a WTO suit against Europe. Europe has, as we all know, cut off our access to data flows to the U.S. because of the Safe Harbor. They have not cut off data flows to Israel; they have not cut off data flows to Argentina, neither--both of those countries still have agreements with Europe, and yet, there is no evidence that the national security protections for government access to that data in Israel or Argentina are any less stringent than ours. If Europe wants to go down this path, they should cut off data flows from every country in the world, not just the United States.    And lastly, we need to--one area we do need to act on is with regard to government access of data. Our companies in America can comply with foreign laws quite well, and when they don't, they can be prosecuted. What they can't comply with is what government does with data. That's why we've proposed that we work with Europe to craft what we call the Geneva convention on the acts on data, where we come up with a set of norms and rules that we would all agree with in terms of government access to data to restore that trust.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    Mr. Atkinson. Sure. Thank you.    For a long time, countries were wanting to do these kinds of things, but never had the sort of public excuse or rationale. And a case in point is China. China, in the last year and a half, as I document in my testimony, has put in place a number of restrictive policies that negatively affect U.S. companies. And the goal there--and the reason they say they are doing it is because exactly because of the Snowden revelation. They talk about secure and controllable technology and other kinds.    And these are, just frankly, just an outright guise on their part. This is a policy they've long wanted to do to punish, or to favor their own domestic companies at the expense of U.S. companies. We see that in Germany, for example, where you have some major German technology companies that are marketing themselves as NSA free, and pushing the European Commission to adopt policies like the, quote, ``European cloud,'' so that NSA or other law enforcement agencies in the U.S. couldn't get access to the data.    And there have been a number of cases that have been documented where U.S. technology companies have actually lost market share. We see that in Australia, where one of the leading cloud providers, domestic cloud providers in Australia, has been arguing the exact same thing; in fact, funding a report, trying to convince the Australian Government to ban storage of data outside the country with U.S. providers.    So in our view, it has been a systemic effort to target the leadership of U.S. technology companies. And what do we do about it? As I said, I really--I think it's a two-part process. It is that we do need--there are some reforms that we need to make domestically, a number of people talk about judicial redress, other steps that we could take. But at the same time, I would agree with a couple of other panelists who said I think we just have to get tougher on trade enforcement and negotiations with these countries, particularly China, which is getting away with murder on many, many fronts engaged in a systemic effort to take market share away from U.S. companies.    Mr. Atkinson. I do think that's a mistake. I think it's a mistake for several reasons: Number one, if the technology is inextricably going in the direction of unbreakables, encryption where the key is not public, it's just between two parties, the technology provider doesn't have the key, the government doesn't have the key, that's where the technology is going. I think the FBI is fighting a losing battle there, as they fought a losing battle in the '90's with the clipper chip.    The second problem with that is if they mandate--try to mandate that, they are setting, I think, a dangerous precedent, for example, by letting the Chinese Government do the exact same thing. The Chinese Government is trying to do the same thing right now to prevent encryption in China for U.S. companies.    And, finally, weakening our encryption technology that U.S. companies would use, why give the FBI more access? We would also give the Chinese and the Russians and anybody else who wants to do harm to us, it would give them access as well.    Mr. Atkinson. Because, as I said earlier, I think it's an un--essentially, an untenable project that we would end up with global harmony on every single rule with regard to the Internet. We're not going to be able to do that. And we're certainly not going to be able to do that with free speech. There are certain countries, particularly more traditional, religious countries that find pornography objectionable. We dealt with our--at least we have free speech, we might found objectionable, but we allow it. We are not going to be able to agree on that. And for certain things like that, countries are going to do that, and I think we are just going to have to be okay with that.    Another example was in Germany, you're not allowed to download a copy of Mein Kampf. In the U.S., we can. Again, we're not going to change the German view. I don't know whether they are right or wrong, it doesn't make any difference. Where we can and should, though, take action is there are certain things that are clearly illegal under the WT0 framework for intellectual property.    For example, piracy and intellectual property, thus, can be prosecuted. So when countries engaged in steps, for example, to block certain Web sites that are clear piracy sites, like, for example, a domain called the Pirate Bay, that should be quite--you know, we should be encouraging that. That's quite different than blocking, say, you know, Facebook or something like that, or blocking some site just because you don't want competition.    I think the key step, though, is we have to understand, just in free trade--in good free trade, there's certain things that we don't allow trade in. Like elephant ivory, we signed a global agreement, we shouldn't trade in that. It doesn't mean we don't support free trade. I would argue we should apply the same standards, things like malware or a pirated content and the like.    Mr. Atkinson. I completely agree with that. There are a lot of countries that have nowhere near the due process, the rule of law that we have, and in that sense, data stored in those countries can be quite problematic. That's why I raised my earlier point about the European Commission cutting us off in the Safe Harbor, but leaving in some other countries that have at least the same, if not more dubious protections for government access to data.    Mr. Atkinson. Is the question--I'm sorry--about encryption? Is that----    Mr. Atkinson. Well, I think the challenge is that countries will use the guise of privacy as an excuse for protectionism. And as I--I think the Chairman's comment--question alluded to this, I think, central point, which is, as long as countries--as long as companies have nexus in a country, if they're doing business in a country, they cannot get out from under that country's privacy and commercial security rules and laws by moving data to a third country.    They still have to comply with those laws no matter where the data are located. And I think that's really the fundamental principle that we have to go by with this. So you can protect--you could have--you can protect the privacy of your citizens, and you don't have to require the data be located there, as long as you have jurisdiction over the company doing business there.    Mr. Atkinson. With the way the European Commission is negotiating the Safe Harbor, it's possible and hopeful that that will happen. But if it doesn't, people are talking about other possible ways that companies can get access to finding corporate rules and other types of model agreements. Those are clumsy, they're expensive, they're time-consuming, but large corporations can do that. Small companies really can't, and that would be the real harm here, or the biggest harm.    And so that's why I think we have to really insist that we put these very strict rules in trade agreements so that companies don't have to do these very expensive workarounds with--particularly in Europe where they'd have to go to 28, or if you include the German lander or the states there, perhaps almost 40 different jurisdictions to be able to move data. And if you're a small company that's doing business in all of those jurisdictions in Europe, it's going to be almost impossible for you to be able to do that.    Mr. Atkinson. Thank you. The Europeans culturally look at privacy differently than Americans do. As a general rule, they look at privacy as a fundamental human right. We look at it as a consumer right that has to be balanced against a number of other issues.    There's a lot of good scholarly evidence that shows that the European privacy directive and the rules that they have there actually significantly limit the Internet economy in Europe. There's a reason why the Europeans don't have global leaders in the Internet space, by and large. The effectiveness of their companies is significantly limited because of their privacy rules, and there's a very good study by Catherine Tucker at MIT who has demonstrated that.    Having said that, there's also another broad generalization that, I think, has some merit to it, which is, that we have less stringent rules, but we do a better job through the FTC and the State AGs of enforcing them than the Europeans do. They have stronger paper rules, but less real enforcement.    Having said that, I'll just close by saying, I don't think that we're miles apart. We generally share the goal of privacy. We share the goal of the rule of law, and I do think that we can work this out in a cooperative manner as long as the Europeans are willing to be reasonable, as we need to be reasonable.    Mr. Atkinson. So I think there's two key points there: One is, I believe that we shouldn't sign a trade--a TTIP agreement with the Europeans unless it includes strict and enforceable rules around the free trade-in of data. I don't see why we should have that trade agreement if we don't have that component in there.    At the same time, there are steps that we need to take with regard to government access of data in the U.S. that have made the Europeans rightly uncomfortable, and I do think we need to do a better job there. And the Judicial Redress Act was one step in that, but I think there are other steps we can and should take.    Mr. Atkinson. Sure. So we listed a number of countries in the written testimony, and what's troubling about that is if you look at that list, say in 2010, it would be significantly smaller: Nigeria, Turkey, Greece, Malaysia, Australia, Indonesia, Russia, China. China, just within the last year, for example, has put in place a set of--a numerous set of policies that would--that will significantly limit the ability for American companies to process data there.    So it really is something that's growing. There's a couple of Canadian provinces that do this as well. And I think one of the challenges really is their--they falsely believe that by doing this, that they will enhance security and privacy, commercial privacy. And I just simply reject that notion. I don't believe that's the case.    Mr. Atkinson. So one of the real advantages the U.S. has is in cloud computing, for example, where we have north--it's in my testimony--north of 70 or 80 percent of--maybe even more--of the global market, partly because we have scale in our own domestic market that's given our companies the ability to scale up and get capabilities.    Other countries look at the cloud computing industry as a core strategic industry for their countries. And one of the ways that they're trying to gain market share is by simply saying that you have to store data out, not just in country, but, in some cases, in country with a domestic company. And that----    Mr. Atkinson. Pardon me?    Mr. Atkinson. Yeah. Even if it is just simply localization to tell an American cloud provider you have to put a server in a country, that essentially raises cost. If it was cost effective, they would have already done it, by definition.    Mr. Atkinson. Not only does it raise cost, but something people haven't talked about, it has environmental impacts. Cloud computing, by putting it all in one place, you can save a lot of energy by requiring servers all over the world. So either way, whether it's forced server localization or domestic company preferences, it's going to hurt U.S. companies and the U.S. economy.    Mr. Atkinson. Sure. I would second what Ms. Espinel just said, and go to the case in the court right now with the Microsoft Ireland case. And I think it's a very important case, because if the principle in the U.S. is that we can access data on a foreign person without going through that country's law, just because it's hosted by an American company, there will only be one result and that will be American companies will not host foreign person data in other countries. That will be the result.    The Europeans, the Irish, they will just simply say, you cannot put your data on an American cloud provider, regardless of where it's located. That can't be the result we want, and that's why the LEADS Act is important. That's why as part of the LEADS Act, one of the components in that is strengthening the MLAT process.    If the Justice Department wants access to that data, they should go through the MLAT process. The MLAT process could and should be better and faster and more streamlined, but that really has to be the direction we go, otherwise it just means that countries will just say you can't put data with an American company anymore.    Mr. Atkinson. Well, I think it's a question of do they look at their access in a short-term or long-term perspective. In the short run, at the margin, it makes it slightly harder for them to get access to that data. In the long run, it will make it impossible to get it, or much more difficult to get access to that data.    Because as I said before, the dynamic will be, if the rule is that the U.S. can compel a U.S. company to turn over data with the lower standard on a foreign person that's stored in their country, countries will just mandate that that data cannot be stored with the U.S. company, and that will make it harder, not easier, for a law enforcement to get that data.    Mr. Atkinson. I would agree with that. I'm less familiar, not an expert on the FISA court issue, but on all the other issues you brought up, I fully agree with you that we do need FISA reform on 702.    EPCA, we've been a long supporter of it. It really is illogical that there is a lower standard of government access to data that's stored in the cloud than data that's stored on my home computer. It just doesn't reflect technological reality that we would treat those differently. If we--so I fully agree with you on that.    And I do think all of that, and including the backdoor issue and the intentional weakening of U.S. systems, that all of those things have hurt our ability to be a global technology leader, and they're going to continue to hurt us until we take steps on it.    I will just say, though, and I think we need to be a little bit more vocal about saying that is, there are other countries that are doing things like that. If I were the Irish data protection authority, I wouldn't let Irish data go to France. In other words, there are other countries that do these as well, and I think it's important that we make that, that we're not the only country that has challenges there.    Mr. Atkinson. Exactly.    Mr. Atkinson. I would agree with that, although I think ultimately, we're going to have to move beyond the Safe Harbor to a formal trade agreement. I know people have alluded, for example, to the WTO protections--or exemptions around--in the services agreement around moving from privacy and security. Unfortunately, what we're seeing are countries that are using that as a guise for protectionism, China being a case in point.    I have talked to Chinese Government officials who tell me that they're justified in doing what they're doing because of national security concerns, which is just simply false. Under the way the WTO rules are set up, it's hard to bring that case. And I don't see any evidence that we're going to change the WTO rules anytime soon.    That's why it's important to put this in trade and services agreement, and a TTIP agreement with a very, very, very narrow exception so that countries can't use that to drive the truck of mercantilers through----    Mr. Atkinson. I would argue that it does follow from that. I would say two quick things, though: One is, they made that decision without any real judicial review. They must have just watched some videos from--you know, that was shown, you know, what NSA did or something. There was no real collection of evidence when they made that decision, and I think that should be very troubling.    Secondly, as I said earlier, they haven't cut off other countries who have more problematic access, government access rules than we do. But having said that, I do think it's incumbent upon us to make some reforms that would go in that direction, as you said.    Mr. Atkinson. So, I'm not a trade lawyer, and I know when Ira Magaziner made those veiled threats back in the late '90's to get the Europeans to come to the table on Safe Harbor, he did suggest that we file a suit with the WTO. I think the case is stronger now, as I said earlier, because they haven't just said they're cutting--they've only cut us off. They haven't cut off other countries who have even less governmental protection. So I think there is possibility. And I think we shouldn't back down from holding up the--as Teddy Roosevelt in--speak softly but carry the big WTO stick.    Mr. Atkinson. Sure. One of the reasons we're having this debate right now over privacy, it's emblematic of a broader set of questions a number of the panelist members have brought up. And, really, what we lack is we lack a consistent, readily understandable and shared global framework for thinking about governing the Internet. And by that, I don't mean ICANN governance. I mean, all of the policy questions that countries face with regard to the Internet. We don't have a shared view of what's appropriate, what's not appropriate. And I think we have to--we've proposed in that a recent report called the ``Framework For Resolving Cross-border Internet Policy Conflicts.'' And I think we--I think it's incumbent upon----    Mr. Atkinson. I disagree. I'm not sure that is exactly the right way to go, because there are legitimate things government has access to and concerns that are legal. And if it's in the cloud, it shouldn't be extraterritorial, in my view, should be covered by a trade agreement.    Mr. Atkinson. I think one of the things that's been happening in the last few years is that the policy realities have finally caught up to the nature of the global Internet and not in a good way. And I think the challenge that we face, both here and around the globe, is we have to figure out a way to balance the differences that we have between countries, legitimate differences in values and cultures. We're not all going to agree. We can never do that. And so we have to figure out a way to allow the Internet to thrive and flourish in a system where people are going to have different rules and different policies.    At the same time, we have to be able to have a way that global free trade and data goes on, and goes on in a robust way. And I think we can square that circle, but it's really gonna require not just all the specific actions that we've talked about, which are important; it's going to require a larger conversation along the lines of what you've proposed. A much bigger way to think about this and the way to bring in countries, like the Antarctica problems that we tried to solve. We need something like that at the global level now.