    Ms. Wagner. Thank you very, very much, Mr. Chairman. And I thank our witnesses for being here today to testify, many of whom are good and loyal, upstanding members of the State Department, of which I had the pleasure of serving as a United States Ambassador for 4 years. I applaud your work in this area. I applaud the chairman's work, lifelong work in this area, along with Ranking Member Bass and the kind indulgence of the subcommittee in letting me come and speak on this very important issue.    And I thank you for convening this hearing to investigate the potential political interference in this year's Trafficking In Persons Report. I applaud the committee's efforts to increase awareness of human trafficking, especially Chairman Smith's ongoing leadership and dedication to combating this terrible crime that affects the most vulnerable members of our society, both here in the United States of America and around the globe.    On July 27th, the State Department published the 15th installment of the Trafficking In Persons Report. This independent annual publication ranks 188 countries on their efforts to combat human trafficking in accordance with standards outlined in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. As a former United States Ambassador, I know well, very well, how the TIP Report serves as an important tool for pressuring countries to take meaningful action to address human rights violations.    Frankly, my very first introduction to the world of human trafficking, both sex trafficking and labor trafficking, girls, boys, men, women, all of the above, came when I served at the State Department as a U.S. Ambassador and was responsible for the TIP Report that came out of my mission.    And thus, when I came home from my tour of duty began to delve into this horrific crime against humanity and the most vulnerable, mostly young girls and women in the United States of America, and have worked hard with many on this committee and many throughout Congress in a bipartisan way to pass some of the most cutting edge legislation that we have seen in many, many years on human trafficking here domestically, and I am pleased that the President signed into law this past May.    But it is absolutely, the TIP Report is key, key to addressing human rights violations.    These recent media reports indicate that political appointees meddled in the compilation of this publication by challenging State Department human rights experts' ratings recommendations for 17 political strategic countries, and inflating the assessment of 14 of these. Over the objections, I am told, of the State Department's own experts, Malaysia and Cuba were among countries upgraded from the blacklist of worst offenders on human trafficking.    Malaysia's unsubstantiated upgrade is particularly alarming because of its overt importance to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Congress has restricted TPP negotiations with countries that have the worst records in combating human trafficking. Malaysia was one of those countries. However, on the eve of the July TPP negotiating round, the State Department took Malaysia off its human rights blacklist by upgrading its status from a Tier 3 to the less incriminating Tier 2 Watch List rating.    If it is true that the administration politicized this report there are questions about why they chose to significantly, significantly diminish a tool that has been effective in fighting the scourge of human trafficking around the world. The United States cannot be a leader in the fight against human trafficking if we do not honestly assess the state of the problem for all countries, even our own, and most importantly including trading partners like Malaysia. The U.S. cannot allow political interest to outweigh the safety and the freedom of the thousands of trafficked men, women, and children. We have to hold governments accountable for their actions.    I welcome the continuing investigations into this year's TIP Report, and I would urge the administration to remain vigilant against any attempts to circumvent the veracity of future TIP reports and the protections they provide.    I thank again the chairman, the ranking member and other members of the subcommittee for their kind indulgence. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.