    Mr. Grothman. Yeah. It's a little disturbing that you have to go through a program to tell people they shouldn't be working while drunk, but I'm glad you're having success with your program.    About how many air marshals do we have out there?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. And what do they do during the day? Is their job they're supposed to kind of be the policemen in the air?    Mr. Grothman. So does that mean basically their job consists of sitting on an airplane and being the policemen?    Mr. Grothman. Do they hang around the airports otherwise, or what is my job if I spend 40 hours a week as an air marshal? What am I doing?    Mr. Grothman. Last year--and I was trying to tell from your budget, make a wild stab at how many people you had working there. I mean, I've never heard on a personal level in the times that I've flown or anybody else that I've ever talked to has flown, you know, a time when somebody was arrested on an airplane. I'm sure it happens.    Last year, how many incidents in which somebody had to be arrested or removed from an airplane did your guys come up with?    Mr. Grothman. Yeah, that's what I wondered. I wondered whether there were more incidents involving the air marshals or whether the air marshals are detecting more incidents. Could you give a stab at that?    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    Is it--can your guys ever have a drink in an airport?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I mean, whether--can they ever drink in an airport, though?    Mr. Grothman. No, just period. I mean--I suppose you're not supposed to have a drink beforehand either. I just wondered, you know----    Mr. Grothman. Oh, okay.    Mr. Grothman. And can you tell me--I guess everything here is secret--are they on all U.S., like, flagged carriers or just carriers that leave the United States or----    Mr. Grothman. Okay. And does that mean, if I'm flying United, I don't know if they do, from London to Rome, I might get one of your guys on there? Or does that mean it would have to be a flight coming or going from the United States?    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    And are you ever involved in stuff other than on the airplane? I mean, might your guys just be hanging around the airport looking for stuff, or is it basically on an airplane type job?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Thank you very much.    I will yield the remainder of my time.