    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank the witnesses.    And I turn now to Ambassador Negroponte. I want to especially thank you for your service to this country; a long and varied service in extraordinary places. And we did first meet in Iraq, and I listened to the exchange here, Mr. Kelly, and it occurred to me not only did Saddam not spend any money on irrigation, but he shut the water off to the swamp Arabs to dry them out.    Mr. King. And so I will restrain my following comment on that and broaden this discussion out a little bit.    And that is, as difficult as it is for us here in the United States to get this right, and I have concerns about people who are trained inadvertently spreading high-path. AI, for example, I am not alleging that--concerns about it, even if we get it right in the United States, what is the degree of difficulty to get the educational system up for disease containment in other countries and around the world? We are talking about a global reach to this. That is a big question. But maybe in the center of that question could be, is there a country anywhere in the world that comes close to getting this right that we can model some things off of?    Mr. King. I would accept that recommendation, as I do almost all of yours, and turn to Dr. Beckham for her response.    Mr. King. Well----    Mr. King. Thank you. I would just point out that with the high-path AI, we were looking at a taxpayer expense of a number that approaches or perhaps exceeds $1 billion----    Mr. King. Okay. Just for the Midwest?    Mr. King. And so looking at the magnitude of that, what is your recommendation on livestock identification traceability, and an ability to be able to reduce the amount of quarantine we have if we are effective in our identification and traceability?    Mr. King. Just in conclusion, digital real-time and industry-driven.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. McGovern, 5 minutes.