    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to remind my colleagues that my home is next door to North Korea, when we talk about distances.    So, Admiral and General, thank you for your testimony and for your service and leadership.    Mr. Wittman and I were just out in your region a day ago, and I appreciated the opportunity to get updates on the progress we are making in realigning forces and trying to posture our force to respond to the environment in the region. One of the things that people become aware of when traveling in the region is the tyranny of distance. This is never more evident than when it comes to making sure we maintain a forward and deployed fleet.    And, Admiral, you noted the need for more submarines as a top priority yesterday. To support this, I believe it is critical that we maintain robust ship repair and dry-dock capabilities, including at a nuclear capable level, in the western Pacific.    Now, you wrote a letter to the Guam Economic Authority stating, and I quote: ``The Navy has consistently stated a robust ship repair capability in Guam as a matter of strategic importance and remains an operational priority for the Pacific Fleet.''    Do you continue to share this view, Admiral?    Ms. Bordallo. Admiral, in your testimony before the SASC yesterday, the Japan press picked up on a 2-year delay in IOC for the Futenma Replacement Facility, and I believe this delay is due to legal challenges after the election of Governor Onaga. I just want the people of Guam to be clear about whether this delay in Okinawa would impact Guam. And, as you know, the 2012 2+2 statement delays progress on Futenma from progress on Guam. Moreover, Chairman Wittman noted in his recent visit to Guam that we were light years ahead of where progress stood several years ago. So I would note that we have made great progress. So can you comment on this progress on Guam in the coming years and the importance of the investments in military construction for Guam in this year's budget? And how does that help you as PACOM commander address the changing nature of threats in the Asia-Pacific region?    Ms. Bordallo. I just want to be clear as to whether Guam would be affected in----    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Wittman.