    Mr. Gelber. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson. My name is Michael Gelber, and I am the Deputy Commissioner of the U.S. General Services Administration's Public Building Service. Thank you for inviting me to this hearing on land ports of entry construction.    GSA's mission is to deliver the best value in real estate, acquisition, and technology services to the Government and the American people. As part of this mission, GSA maintains a close partnership with the Department of Homeland Security Customs and Border Protection to meet that agency's space needs along our Nation's borders.    CBP is our primary partner among the Federal inspection agencies stationed along America's land borders. GSA works closely with CBP to design, construct, maintain, and operate land ports of entry along more than 1,900 miles of border between the United States and Mexico, and more than 5,500 miles of border between the United States and Canada. Of the 167 land ports of entry along America's borders, GSA manages 124, of which the Government owns or partially owns 102. GSA's land ports of entry encompass more than 5.5 million square feet of space.    CBP operates 40 primarily smaller ports, mostly in remote areas. These land ports of entry encompass approximately 477,000 square feet of space. Minimizing costs to deliver these critical land ports of entry begins with effective targeting of resources at the highest priority projects. GSA looks to CBP to develop its priority list first. Then GSA, while still working closely with CBP, integrates these CBP priorities into GSA's larger, multiyear capital investment plan.    Over the past 16 years, GSA has invested more than $1.8 billion from the Federal buildings fund to deliver more than 20 new land ports along our northern and southern borders. Since 2013 GSA has requested over $1 billion in support of land port modernization, including GSA's fiscal year 2017 request of $248 million to reconfigure and expand the land port of entry in Calexico, California, and $5.7 million for design and construction of a new animal inspection facility in Pembina, North Dakota.    Of these requests, Congress has provided approximately $700 million through fiscal year 2016. Successful execution of these land port of entry projects improves trade and commerce, creates jobs, and bolsters our Nation's security. GSA's ability to fund land ports of entry has historically been supported by appropriations provided by Congress. Without the full funding requested in the President's annual budget, GSA cannot execute the land port upgrades that are critically needed.    In recent years GSA has seen greater interest in finding alternatives to Federal appropriations to support the delivery of high-priority land port projects, including by accepting donations through GSA and CBP existing authorities.    When assessing the viability of any project, whether it is funded through the traditional appropriations process or alternative means, GSA and CBP look at the full life cycle cost of a port. This analysis includes the funding amount and source of that funding to operate and maintain the facility.    If an alternative funding source might be available to construct a land port of entry, GSA and CBP still may need to obtain funding to address the other costs associated with the project. Thus, acceptance of what appears to be a cost-free donation could ultimately result in additional costs to the Government. At the same time, if the investment is required to address critical commerce and security requirements at the border, a donation would result in lower cost to the Government than if the Government had to make the full investment itself.    When evaluating donations, GSA and CBP will continue to weigh these various cost implications, relative to the opportunity to impact on CBP operations, border security, trade and travel, and local and regional economic benefits.    GSA has a longstanding authority to accept unconditional gifts of real and personal property from other public or private entities. GSA has used its authority on occasions when State or local governments and, in a few cases, private-sector entities have elected to donate land or other real property to GSA. Congress has supported efforts to find land port of entry funding alternatives by providing CBP additional statutory authority to receive donations and reimbursement from State, local, and private entities.    Congress expanded CBP and GSA's donation authorities through section 559 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014. As required by section 559 donation acceptance authority, GSA and CBP work collaboratively to establish robust evaluation criteria, incorporating feedback from a broad range of stakeholders.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today about GSA's ongoing partnership with CBP to cost-effectively improve the Nation's infrastructure along America's borders.    I welcome the opportunity to discuss GSA's commitment to strategic investment in the Nation's land ports of entry, and am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Thank you.    Mr. Gelber. Yes, sir. San Ysidro was a three-phase project, and funding has been provided for all three phases. The first phase is nearing completion, if not--significant portions of that phase have been completed. In an oddity of that particular project, phase 3 then became the second phase, as we were coordinating that project with the Mexican Government, and then we have also received funding for phase 2. So all three phases have been funded, and they are in various stages of development.    Calexico is a primary--primarily--excuse me--on San Ysidro, the notable thing about that facility, it is the busiest land port of entry in the world. Calexico is primarily a facility for the transmission of agricultural projects between the United States and Mexico. The funding for those two projects--phase 1 has been provided in the President's budget. The request for fiscal year 2017 is to provide funding for phase 2. Alexandria Bay funding has been provided in fiscal year 2016 for the first phase of that project, and the expectation is in fiscal year 2018 the remaining second phase funding request will come in for that work, as well.    Mr. Gelber. We look at what the long-term costs would be to accept a donation. So when some entity is providing us either a facility or land, we look at what it would cost to operate and maintain that infrastructure. We work very closely with CBP to ensure that whatever staffing resources would be required are also factored in to the equation.    So again, it is an evaluation of, potentially, the 10-, 20-, 30-year costs of accepting what on the surface may be a free thing.    Mr. Gelber. I can start. Again, our primary concern is to ensure that while the entity--the thing that has been given to the Government is purported to be free, that the long-term costs of operating and maintaining that thing is, in fact, a manageable amount. And that is, it is suitable for the budget of the facility.    There have been donation attempts where individuals or entities have wanted to donate a property to us that we would then have to lease, for instance, and that isn't a donation, it is just a long-term contractual arrangement that the Government would be entering into, and we are not interested in doing that.    So again, the key issue for GSA is does the thing that is being given to the Government meet the needs of the Federal agencies that are going to use it? And, if that is the case, what are the long-term costs of that thing? And if those costs aren't appropriate, can't be budgeted for, then the GSA would not recommend accepting the donation.    Mr. Gelber. I think the key lesson learned--if I could answer the latter part of your question first--is the ongoing need which we have demonstrated for GSA and CBP to closely collaborate on reviewing these items. And we do that on a regular basis.    For the fiscal year 2015 cycle, three donations were accepted over--I believe eight were submitted. Many more may have been cleared. The process is CBP reviews them first and then GSA and CBP review those that have made the initial screening together. Two are in the cities of Donna and Pharr, Texas, and there the provision is for additional inspection booths and some additional inspection lands. In El Paso, Texas, the provision is for a--to remove a traffic--two traffic medians that are currently obstructing traffic.    So these are relatively modest changes to the facility, but they still need to be looked at to ensure that when that construction occurs, it is done in a fashion that is appropriate and doesn't create a problem for the Government in the long term.    And so, we view the donation program as an opportunity to assist CBP meet its mission requirements at smaller stations. Larger infrastructure improvements are more challenging and require greater attention by the Government and, as such, haven't seen the large-scale donations that we have seen in the donation program.    Mr. Gelber. If I could start, the primary involvement of Department of State is the issuance of what is referred to as a Presidential permit, which authorizes the construction of a border station, a land port of entry.    For an existing land port of entry, the State Department is not engaged, because the facility already exists and a Presidential permit has been provided. If there is no planned change to the nature of the border crossing, then the Department of State would not be engaged in the review of the donation. So when the State Department is engaged, it tends to be, again, for a larger project that has been subject of much discussion over numerous years because the creation of a new border crossing is a fairly involved process, involving two national governments, State and local governments, as well.    So we have had--GSA's experience is a very productive relationship with the State Department when there is a need for the issuance of a Presidential permit, which would be when a new station is being created.