    Mr. GUTERMAN. Thank you, Chairman Tiberi and Ranking Member McDermott, and the Members of the Subcommittee, for this opportunity to testify on preserving and strengthening Medicare as it enters its second 50 years. I have been working on Medicare issues for many years, and I have seen and had the privilege of participating in many of the innovative changes that the program, in fact, has implemented over the years. And I am also well aware of the challenges faced by the program.    Also, I have seen my elderly parents and the way they have been helped by Medicare's coverage and access to care it provides, and also how they have been hindered by the fragmented nature of health care provided in this country.    Medicare has been a tremendous success over the years in ensuring health and economic security of the Nation's elderly and disabled, and it has been influential in shaping the U.S. health system, improving the quality of care, and contributing to medical progress. At the same time, like the rest of our healthcare system, Medicare faces considerable challenges. Rising costs affecting both the Federal budget and beneficiaries are an ongoing challenge. Medicare's benefit package, while rated highly by beneficiaries for enabling their access to care and protection from financial hardship and medical debts, can provide better financial protection for beneficiaries with low income and serious health problems.    It is imperative we continue to improve the program and ensure its viability into the future. But, at the same time, we must be careful not to throw the beneficiary out with the bath water, not to hinder its effectiveness in carrying out its basic mission of providing access to needed health care for a vulnerable and growing number of aging and disabled Americans.    In my written testimony I describe some of the issues Medicare faces, and offer some suggestions for improving its performance. And I will focus briefly on some of those suggestions.    First, of course, slowing health spending growth is a problem that, again, is felt both in the public programs and in the private sector. In fact, Medicare spending per beneficiary has grown much more slowly in recent years, compared--even compared to the private sector. And solvency of the Hospital Insurance Trust Fund has been extended until 2030. But it is still an issue.    Medicare faces a great challenge as the Boomer generation born after World War II ages into coverage. By 2030 the number of beneficiaries is projected to rise more than 50 percent. But that raises the question of if America has made a decision to produce more elderly people, which I think we have--and I don't see anybody objecting to that decision--shouldn't we be willing to accept and deal with devoting more resources to that higher proportion of the population?    Still, policymakers are confronted, especially with the slow growth in per-beneficiary spending, on how to control the growth of Medicare spending. But I do suggest that there is also a revenue side that, as has been mentioned, is projected not to increase over the years, even as the proportion of Medicare beneficiaries grows.    Again, the fact that Americans are living longer should be considered a success. Other countries have older populations than ours, and manage to spend much less on health care than we do.    We need to, as Dr. Baicker said, reduce variation in cost and quality. I think the fact that that variation exists and the fact that cost and quality don't vary together provides us with an indication that there is an opportunity to improve quality without necessarily increasing costs. And, in fact, maybe even saving money.    As Dr. Moffit has suggested, aligning benefit design with system goals would also be a desirable policy initiative. We have--with colleagues from the Commonwealth Fund, where I used to work, we published a paper that calls for combining not only Parts A and B, but also Part D into a comprehensive Medicare benefit with catastrophic coverage. And one other attractive feature of that is that it makes the Medicare program operate more on an equal footing with the private plans in Medicare Advantage by providing more comprehensive coverage.    We need to focus on improving care for beneficiaries with complex conditions. The Medicare program has engaged in a number of initiatives in that direction. And it needs to do more. And there is potential for a fair amount of monetary savings, if care for that population is improved, because they account for a high proportion of spending in the Medicare program.    Long-term services and supports is something that really scares me about growing old. That is something that Medicare currently doesn't cover, but it is something I would suggest needs to be paid attention to, as the tsunami of aging Baby Boomers starts to hit.    And finally, balancing the roles of traditional Medicare and Medicare Advantage to bring out the best in both programs, and benefit the Medicare program in general. What is now the Medicare Advantage program was intended to provide a more efficient model of care for beneficiaries and greater choice.    But remember that Medicare Advantage plan payments overall still exceed traditional Medicare spending in much of the country, and that relationship varies not only by geographic area, but also by type of plan. HMOs currently are the only type of MA plan with, on average, lower cost than traditional Medicare, and there is even wide variation in both efficiency and quality among--of individual plans, even in that group.    So, when we talk about Medicare Advantage, we shouldn't talk about it as one program, like the traditional Medicare program is. We should talk about it in terms of rewarding the best and most efficient and most effective----    Mr. GUTERMAN . Private plan, so that they can----    Mr. GUTERMAN . Provide an appropriate counterpoint.    Mr. GUTERMAN. Thank you.    Mr. GUTERMAN. Well, it depends on the specific change. But the programs that I suggested in my testimony, the changes in the Medicare program, would overwhelmingly help seniors who are in poor health and who need the Medicare program more to provide access to the care they need. Holes in the program were left primarily for budgetary considerations. And so they would help the population that needs the Medicare program most.    Mr. GUTERMAN. By the private market you mean Medicare Advantage? Congress did require Medicare Advantage plans to put in a catastrophic coverage limit. And so----    Mr. GUTERMAN. Well----    Mr. GUTERMAN. I have to point out that in 1965, when Medicare was first enacted, one of the reasons that it was enacted was the fact that 50 percent of Americans over the age of 65 lacked health insurance coverage. You know, so there has to be a little bit of skepticism about what the private health insurance market would do----    Mr. GUTERMAN. How would----    Mr. GUTERMAN. Sicker patients fare. Well, you know----    Mr. GUTERMAN . Sicker patients are the ones that are least attractive to private health insurance companies. And there has been, over the years, some concern about private plans in what is now Medicare Advantage tending to sign up healthier patients.    Mr. GUTERMAN. Yes. I think the major way a voucher system saves money is to make Medicare beneficiaries pay more for more expensive plans. And I don't think that is the way we want to reduce Medicare spending is by passing the additional spending on to Medicare beneficiaries.    And, as I said, the private market hasn't particularly been anxious to insure Medicare beneficiaries, except under the times when Medicare Advantage plans have been, you know, pretty substantially overpaid by the Medicare program, even compared to traditional Medicare, which acknowledges that it has a long way to go to make itself more efficient.    So I think if you look at it from the perspective of trying to bring the best of private plans, the best----    Mr. GUTERMAN. Okay.    Mr. GUTERMAN. Is to make the traditional Medicare program stronger and to bring payments down to a level playing field level so that private plans can actually show what they can do, in terms of responding to incentives for efficiency.    Mr. GUTERMAN. That, of course, is a very controversial issue. I think----    Mr. GUTERMAN. I think Medicare has some work to do to shore up its financial standing for the future as more and more people are elderly. But I think it can be done. I think one thing we ought to do is investigate ways to bring more revenue into the Medicare system because we are producing more elderly people, and so we ought to be devoting more resources to supporting those people.    There's also tremendous opportunity to slow the growth of Medicare spending by improving the quality of services and by improving the effectiveness of the medical services that are provided. Also providing more community supports for folks to keep them out of the hospital and out of the healthcare system, which this country really doesn't devote much resources to, and other countries devote much more of the resources to doing that, and they have much lower health spending.    So I think there are ways to make sure that Medicare stays strong into the future. Also, if I may add, the idea of intergenerational conflict, which is always brought up by citing a number of people working who support the number of older people. I would point out that every one of those working people aspires to and most will become elderly. And so we're not talking about preserving the Medicare program for the population of currently elderly. They're already there. We're talking about preserving the Medicare program for the people who are currently paying into the program. And we ought to pay more----    Mr. GUTERMAN. Well, I think----    Mr. GUTERMAN. That's absolutely right. I mean it's not a bad thing that people are living longer.    Mr. GUTERMAN. It is a challenge because we need to rethink how our health system works, because it used to be our health system could focus on people who had an acute episode of illness, and then that illness would go away. Now people are living longer, they're living with more chronic conditions, some of which used to be fatal conditions, but medical finds have made them into chronic----    Mr. GUTERMAN. Right. Yes. CMS has been doing a whole range of things to try to figure out how to better coordinate care. A number of the policies that are being developed by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation are addressing that issue. And, in fact, CMS has been working on that issue for years. When I was in CMS during the Bush Administration, we developed many chronic care initiatives that have since been refined over time and hopefully will end up finding the most effective ways to deal with our elderly population.    Because we all aspire to be there one day and we're going to need the Medicare program, and so are the working people of today. And so we need to, instead of pitting currently working people against retirees, we ought to recognize that we're talking about the same group of people, just different points in time.    Mr. GUTERMAN. I'm sorry?    Mr. GUTERMAN. Yeah, I----    Mr. GUTERMAN. Thank you. Living in the Washington area, I'm very familiar with those commercials, and also being on the verge of becoming a Medicare beneficiary myself, I'm also familiar with the vast amount of mail that I get on Medicare Advantage.    I believe that the issue is that Medicare Advantage plans are concerned with potential ``cuts'' in Medicare Advantage payments. But I would point out that those cuts are actually bringing Medicare Advantage payments more in line with traditional Medicare in terms of what traditional Medicare spends. Because over the last 10 years, Medicare Advantage plans have been paid substantially more than even traditional Medicare costs.    And traditional Medicare has never been seen as the paragon of efficiency. So a cut is a relative term because they may be getting less than they would have wanted to be able to expect in future years, but the average payment for Medicare Advantage plans is still above what traditional Medicare spends per enrollee.    Mr. GUTERMAN. Enrollees in Medicare Advantage plans, because of the extra payments that they've gotten, have been able to get extra benefits that traditional Medicare doesn't cover. But to be sure, that money comes from the Medicare trust fund that only goes to support benefits that Medicare Advantage enrollees get that traditional Medicare enrollees do not.    Mr. GUTERMAN. I agree that in order to make an insurance market work you need to have an incentive to join the insurance market before you actually need to get paid under the insurance. And I would point out that Medicare Part B is a similar program. I mean the vast majority of Medicare beneficiaries take Part B, but you----    Mr. GUTERMAN. Well, they're very similar if there are financial penalties for not joining, and to my knowledge, nobody's ever been put in jail for not taking----    Mr. GUTERMAN. They don't have to pay a penalty if they never participate, under Medicare Part D and----    Mr. GUTERMAN. I think it's a different circumstance, because Part D is a much narrower coverage situation.    Mr. GUTERMAN. Yes. Thank you, Ms. Black. I had the pleasure of working with Mark Fendrick on the advisory group to his Value-Based Insurance Design Center at University of Michigan. I'm very in favor of that. It's been long known that when copays have to be paid or deductibles have to be met that patients use less healthcare, including less healthcare that they really should be using. And so structuring the incentive so that even patients get rewarded for using cost-effective care that will keep them from getting sicker and more costly is just an eminently reasonable thing to do.    Mr. GUTERMAN. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think there are a couple of things. The plan that you refer to may well be a very high-performing plan. One of the problems that high-performing plans have in Medicare Advantage is that there's not enough distinction between high-performing plans and their competitors who may not be as high-performing. We need to find better ways of rewarding plans that actually do perform for their enrollees and not----    Mr. GUTERMAN. And, in fact, the substantially higher payments that Medicare Advantage plans have received over the last decade or so compared to judicial Medicare makes it easier for low-performing plans to come into the Medicare Advantage market and survive. So we need to find a better way of paying Medicare Advantage plans for their value, but not just throwing money at Medicare Advantage because it includes private plans, so we need to distinguish that.    Another thing that would help Medicare beneficiaries across the board would be to improve the traditional Medicare program so that it is more comparable to Medicare Advantage in terms of what it can cover and what it can provide. Then they'll be on a level playing field, and even if you wanted to go to a point where private plans would compete directly with Medicare Advantage, which basically they do, because any beneficiary has the option of enrolling in a private plan, then they would be doing so on a level playing field. And so the distinction between high-performing plans and lower-performing plans could be more evident.    So I think that Medicare Advantage does have a tremendous amount of promise to improve Medicare across the board. I think we need to do a better job of paying them appropriately and rewarding the kind of performance we want from plans.    Mr. GUTERMAN. Just one response to that. The fact is that, on average, right now Medicare Advantage plan bids, which represent their costs of the traditional Medicare package, are on average below traditional Medicare nationwide. But that varies widely from area to area. In 50 percent of the country, they're actually substantially above what traditional Medicare spends in the same areas, and a lot of those areas are rural areas.    And it's a relatively recent phenomenon that only began with the quote cuts in Medicare Advantage over payments that began around 2010. So as of 2009, Medicare Advantage bids on average were actually above traditional Medicare, and then they got 75 percent of the difference between that and an inflated benchmark rate. So it's not just the quality payments. It is built in----    Mr. GUTERMAN . Over payment in Medicare Advantage. And the other point is also that only HMOs are cheaper than traditional Medicare. Now HMOs are the majority of Medicare Advantage plans, but there are a substantial number of other PPOs local and regional and also private Fee-for-Service plans--which used to be more predominant that actually still cost more than traditional Medicare on average across the country. But again, that also varies from one place to another.    Mr. GUTERMAN. I think that it's all too difficult for any patient anywhere--to determine the quality of provider and plan that they are about to get services from or sign up with, and I think we have a long way to go. But I remember in the early 2000s when I was working at CMS that we first put out the hospital compare--the first hospital compare website, and everybody was agonizing over the fact that we didn't have the quality measures that we felt comfortable enough with to say these are the definitive quality measures. And the administrator at the time, Tom Scully, said these measures are never going to get better if we don't start using them.    Mr. GUTERMAN. We've come a long way since then, but we're still, I would say, in the adolescence of the ability to measure quality----