    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Rodriguez, for being here today.    I want to start with the affirmative asylum process. You are no doubt aware of the December 2 GAO report regarding fraud in the asylum process, and I'm sure you were just as troubled as I was by the ultimate conclusions.    I notice that there is significant backlog in affirmative asylum adjudications that linger way beyond the established timetables for adjudications. Can you provide this Committee with the exact number of cases currently pending adjudication for over 180 days?    Mr. Labrador. Is it your testimony that this is solely due to the lack of resources, that the delay is solely due to the lack of resources?    Mr. Labrador. While adjudication times are important to keep the process moving, I'm concerned that the GAO found that there was no enterprise-wide fraud risk assessment completed by the agency.    I could understand a delay in adjudications if such a fraud assessment was underway. Can you explain why USCIS has not completed such an assessment?    Mr. Labrador. So do you believe that fraud is a pervasive problem in the asylum context?    Mr. Labrador. So, obviously, when you say ``everything we can to prevent it''--but is it a pervasive problem in the asylum context?    Mr. Labrador. So how many asylum cases are being granted in the United States right now, percentage-wise?    Mr. Labrador. So what percentage is that of the adjudicated cases?    Mr. Labrador. Okay.    Based on USCIS internal investigations and audits, does the agency have an estimated percentage of the number of fraudulent asylum applications that are affirmatively filed each year?    Mr. Labrador. Okay. Can you get us a percentage and----    Mr. Labrador. Are asylum officers given the training and resources necessary to detect fraud?    Mr. Labrador. Do you believe that the 35 fraud detection and national security officers embedded at asylum offices nationwide is sufficient to combat the fraud in the process?    Mr. Labrador. Do you currently believe it is enough?    Mr. Labrador. But what other steps is the agency taking to address this issue?    Mr. Labrador. I yield back my time.