    Mr. Babin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really appreciate it.    Thank you for being here, all of you esteemed witnesses.    Dr. Thorning, I would ask you--first a comment. I worry that regulations associated with climate change will increase the costs of energy to American citizens. It's a big issue in my district in Texas 36, especially hardworking families who are already struggling to get by. Could you describe how increased energy costs impact the macroeconomic health of the United States both for primary energy users and end-use consumers?    Mr. Babin. So I assume that high energy prices are spilling over and impacting everyday items as well----    Mr. Babin. --and you say the entire economy.    Mr. Babin. Absolutely. Okay. So do you think going right along with those same--along those same lines, do these energy prices impact national security as well and the stability of our financial markets?    Mr. Babin. Okay. And, Mrs. Harbert, would you like to comment on that as well? We are talking about stability of financial markets and impact on national security.    Hon. Harbert. Keeping, you know, energy affordable and reliable here allows us to have a very healthy economy, and we need a healthy economy to be a very healthy, you know, national security apparatus and to be able to exert our power around the world. They are inextricably linked, and to the extent that we make our economy less competitive, that we are more focused on domestic problems, the less able we are to focus on the growing threat of terrorism.    Let us not forget that also our ability to produce more energy here at home and use it here at home is allowing us not to import and not to finance some of those countries and organizations around the world that don't like us so much.    Mr. Babin. All right. Thank you so very much. And to follow up where my colleague here, Mr. Palmer, I think we don't have to go too much farther into the history books to see that we have had climate change over the centuries, even during human existence and not just going back pre-human. And this is something that's very common in--when we see our environment and our climate change for the warmer or for the cooler for that matter.    But I want to thank each and every one of you. I yield back my time, Mr. Chairman.