    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Obviously, today, we are talking about a very emotional issue, this goes beyond policy and really has to deal with human life.    I'm very grateful for Mr. Roth, Mr. Rodriguez, and Ms. Saldana for coming in today. But I do believe that we have got to look at very closely as far as some of the problems we are seeing.    The gentlewoman from New Mexico just talked a young lady from DACA and how it was working out for her. Let me tell you another example of someone from the--that was released even after a drug charge, a gentleman by the name of Emmanuel Hernandez, in my home State of North Carolina, murdered four people. This was after he was a known gang member and after he was picked up with a drug offense. He applied for DACA, and his deportation was halted.    Ms. Saldana, earlier you brought in a book and laid it there on the desk. The book basically is the Immigration National Act. And I don't know if you're familiar with section 236-C, which is basically the detention of criminal aliens. Are you familiar with that section, Ms. Saldana?    Mr. Walker. Let's take a look at that. And I'll read what it says. It says: The Attorney General shall take into custody any alien who is, A, is inadmissible by reason of having committed any offense covered in section 212 and is deportable by reason of having committed any offense covered in section 237. There's four offenses under that: Aggravated felony, controlled substance, firearm possession, and espionage. That's custody.    Now let me jump to the section that is No. 2, that's release. It says: The Attorney General may release, okay, only--``only,'' very key word--only if the alien satisfies the Attorney General that the alien will not pose a danger to the safety of other persons or of property and is likely to appear for any scheduled proceeding.    Now, what is confusing to many of our American citizens is why the lack of consistency here. So my question for you today is, can you guarantee, is it safe that the most serious, noncitizen illegals and aliens who have been recently ordered to be deported, will they be removed under the President's executive actions?    Mr. Walker. But according to the Immigration National Act that you brought in and the paragraph that I just read under release, that contradicts what the Attorney General says as far as grounds to be released. Do you see the contradiction in that?    Mr. Walker. Yes.    Mr. Walker. Then please tell me why there is a growing number, millions of noncitizens continue to remain in this country illegally, of which some, obviously, are criminals, how does the Department expect to address this increased danger to our citizens? Tell me what is being done proactively to follow basically the letter of the law by the Attorney General.    Mr. Walker. Final question before I run out of time here, what is the recidivism rate for all aliens who were previously apprehended, subsequently released, and who have committed a new crime? Do you have that number?    Mr. Walker. Would you like to take, is there a round number that you would like to suggest what it is?    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.