    Mr. Asher. Chairman Fitzpatrick, Vice Chairman Pittenger, and Congressman Lynch, it is an honor to speak before you. I actually want to say thank you for caring about this issue. This is a very important issue. It is really not in the weeds. It is at the heart of the matter. Money is the sinew of war. And we are in a war against terrorists around the world whether people want to admit it or not.    I want to highlight an experience that I have had. I have been involved in nearly 25 years of working against terrorism financing, doing financial operations against drug cartels, adversarial governments, weapons proliferation networks. I have sort of seen it all.    But what I hadn't seen until 2007 when I started to advise the Drug Enforcement Administration--which despite some raps recently is an awesome organization; it actually has done some incredible stuff for our national security, well above and beyond its remit--was a case where the United States itself has become the largest money-laundering vehicle for terrorists in the world.    And that is the case involving the Lebanese Canadian Bank (LCB), a bank that was under the command and control of Hezbollah, and most particularly the element within Hezbollah, it appears--and this is still subject to being proven in court--that is tied to terrorism, the Islamic Jihad Organization that attacked our embassy twice in the 1980s and killed hundreds of Americans.    That organization is known as the external security organization of Hezbollah, and it controls the external security apparatus of Hezbollah, which reaches all the way into the United States of America itself.    To garner profit and gain influence, they have engaged in something that I would call the criminal resistance; i.e., they have used the $80 billion U.S.-dollarized Lebanese banking system, which is the third-largest offshore financial center for dollars in the world, I believe, as a center point for their global money laundering empire.    The United States has dozens of banks with correspondent relationships with Lebanon. The fastest-growing bank in Lebanon until 3 years ago was called the Lebanese Canadian Bank. That bank was under the control of Hezbollah.    Through DEA's Operation Titan, which I had the honor to advise on from 2007 onward, the DEA was able to use undercover informants and other sources to penetrate. This is all in the public eye. I am speaking totally based on unclassified information and from a personal viewpoint only.    This bank was engaged in buying primarily used cars in the United States and Europe and textiles in Asia as part of a massive money-laundering scheme in partnership with La Oficina de Envigado. That is the outfit that Pablo Escobar himself set up in the 1980s and 1990s to run the Medellin drug cartel. This is all in the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) documents you can find on the Web.    So LCB was buying as much as a billion dollars a year in used cars in the United States, cars which were generating almost no profit actually, and exporting the cars to West Africa, where the money was commingled with narcotics trafficking proceeds coming out of Europe. That is the world we live in; it is very complicated.    The drugs were flowing from Colombia primarily into Europe. The money was being couriered back to Lebanon, and being wired to the United States to buy used cars here, as well as buying used cars in Europe with cash, and it was making its way back into this Lebanese Canadian Bank which was at the center of Hezbollah's money-laundering empire.    So it is the largest material support scheme in the world and it remains the largest material support scheme in the world for a terrorist group.    In 2010, the DEA began constructing a takedown strategy against the Lebanese Canadian Bank on which I helped advise. I am very proud of what we did. I won't get into all of the details. We organized the designation of the Lebanese Canadian Bank under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act. That cut it off from the United States, blew up the bank, $5.5 billion Hezbollah bank, bankrupt in 3 weeks. Thank you very much. So that was a success.    We designated the drug kingpin from the Medellin drug cartel, Ayman Joumaa, who was at the center of this thing. He was indicted in the Eastern District of Virginia for laundering over a billion dollars a year for Los Zetas. He is indicted for his relationship with the Lebanese Canadian Bank and designated as well. He is wanted for arrest.    We went after the car parks in West Africa. We designated those. We had never designated a car park before. It was a huge success.    But I am here to tell you that today, unfortunately, there are more cars being exported from the United States itself to West African car parks controlled by Hezbollah than there were when we made the designations in 2011 and 2012.    Our policy is a great success of interagency cooperation, and international cooperation. I feel very proud of what the Bush Administration and even this Administration have done to try to make a dent in this. Unfortunately, it has not succeeded. I would like to discuss with you some measures which might help advance that success.    Thank you.    Mr. Asher. First, Celina is actually spot on. I do feel, though, that you need almost like an Untouchables-type approach to this stuff. You need a group of people who are in charge to go after this money and to have global authority to roam. The money goes global. You see more money being laundered through the Sinaloa drug cartel and Hezbollah today in China probably than anywhere else.    But we also, as I note in my testimony, have a massive amount of laundering right through the United States, right through the purchase of used cars. We have designated this. We have identified it to banks. And guess what? People are still accepting billions of dollars a year in payments from places like Lebanon for buying used cars that are going to West Africa.    We need a law enforcement, top-down, task force approach, and the law enforcement professionals and the prosecutors need to be held accountable for results. We know, based on overt evidence that has been presented in court, that this is going on. So why is it still happening?    I think the task force approach that you are interested in is very important, but I don't think it can just be regional. I think it needs to be almost threat-specific.    So Hezbollah, al Qaeda, why have we not applied the racketeering, the RICO charge against al Qaeda? It is a racket. Terrorism is against the law. And the reason it would matter on a financing level is we could go after, through long-arm capabilities, all their assets all over the world. And we have more than enough countries in the world that endorse terrorism as a national-level crime.    Mr. Asher. Absolute interest and unfortunate ineffectiveness. And it is not for lack of effort. Everybody I have worked with, I have had a great honor and pleasure to work with. There are great people in our government. There is awareness of these issues that we never had before. There is awareness that we should go after the financial networks as a means to tackle the whole network. It is a revolution. I am very proud of it. But it is not working. There is more Hezbollah money being garnered in the United States today than there was in 2011 when we took the action.    So we have to look at charging strategies like RICO. We need to approach these things more like organized criminal rackets than just terrorism. Terrorism almost honors these people. And we need to impose our OFAC penalties with much greater impunity and cut our financial system off, when necessary, from threats.    Mr. Asher. Yes. In my written testimony I recommend that we need to look at imposing Section 311 against the actual nation of Benin. It can be done. It is a very extreme measure. I would propose that it is a very temporary measure. I don't want to obliterate the economy of a West African state that is growing very fast. But their fastest-growing area is used cars coming from the United States that are going to provide material support for a terrorist organization.    We have Section 311, which is a regulation, okay, and it can be lifted very easily to protect our Nation's financial system against money laundering. There is most definitely massive money laundering going on here and most definitely it is going to a terrorist organization. And more of it is going to the military wing, we believe, of a terrorist organization, the one that has killed hundreds of American citizens in the past and is engaged in activities against their interests right now in the Middle East.    We don't have these laws on the books for nothing. But I do believe an enforcement approach is also critical. We can't just impose sanctions and penalties and force the banks to be the enforcers of the law. We really need law enforcement to get into gear and to build financial cases against these complex conspiracies. They are very complicated, and they are very hard to prosecute, but it can be done.    So I support a hybrid approach. But at the end of the day--    Mr. Asher. There will be moral and human outrage if those laws are rescinded. Okay? At the end of the day, the terrorism record stands. For those of us who worked in the war in Iraq, we had more involvement in EFP and other IED-related attacks from Iran than almost certainly any other nation-state.    I was the senior adviser to the United States Government for the Six Party Talks with North Korea. I know what multilateral nuclear diplomacy looks like. I also worked on the dark side to go after their finances in North Korea. I understand we have to have a hybrid approach sometimes in nuclear counterproliferation. But on terrorism we have to draw the line.    Mr. Asher. The terrorism record stands.    Mr. Asher. I don't want to dominate all the questions here.    First, U.S. Customs is an awesome organization. Everyone deserves to take a look at what they do. They don't get nearly enough credit. I have been so impressed by their data systems. They have probably stopped more terrorism than any other organization, including the CIA and the FBI.    However, sharing data is very important. They are very good at receiving data. I think the ability to take some of their data and use it, for example, in organizations like FinCEN would be very proper and to the greater good because so much of the trade-based money laundering is going on in a way that is very difficult to measure. And one of the only ways to measure it is through things like bills of lading, these customs receipts that occur when you export something.    And so to the extent that those data systems aren't linked together, it holds us back in enforcing the law against these trade-based schemes. And trade-based money laundering is where it is at today for money laundering writ large.    Mr. Asher. Yes, it is the most powerful lever we have ever developed in financial warfare against adversaries. And it is something that needs to be utilized not every day, but periodically. It is an incredible coercive or tool. And there is nothing like cutting someone off from the United States financial system. It is not our job to offer access to terrorist groups and criminals to our financial system. When we see it happening, we should be allowed to cut it off, and 311 offers that opportunity.    Mr. Asher. Just to Benin alone, it may be as much as a billion dollars.    Mr. Asher. They are buying them in auctions, typically. The money is coming out of Lebanon. It is thousands and thousands of people. I think that CBP has probably denied thousands of visas for people from Lebanon. It is an unfortunate thing for our relationship with Lebanon, but there are people coming here who are being told, ``Go buy cars'' and they just do it.    They are going to get a big cut on the payment because it is drug money. There is a profit associated with it. So they don't really care how much money can be made on the car transaction itself. They just want the car because, without the car, they can't launder the money. So they buy them.    You see it at a lot of car lots just in the State of Virginia or in the City of Baltimore. You go there and you see all these cars sitting there and you never see anyone in the car lot. Ask yourself who is running the racket. They season these cars on these lots. They sit there for a few days and then they are off on a boat to West Africa to car lots owned by Hezbollah.    Mr. Asher. There are a lot of cars they are buying that are below the $2,500 Customs threshold so they don't come into our statistical database.    Mr. Asher. It is sort of interesting. They know our laws better than we do.    Mr. Asher. They know how to beat the system. These guys are--they are really brilliant, actually.    Mr. Asher. No. Typically, it is wire-transferred. So the banks are involved, and this is an issue. I don't want to blame our bankers. Our bankers are trying very hard to enforce anti-money-laundering and probably are given a hugely onerous responsibility to do so.    What we need to do is we need to target the Lebanese, who are sending the money, and we need to say that this typology, which is subject to Section 311 of this USA PATRIOT Act, is a money-laundering typology for terror and it shall be banned until it can be proven otherwise not involved with terrorism.    Mr. Asher. They are being driven around Nigeria by relatively poor people who want a cheap car. There is nothing wrong with the cars themselves. What is wrong is that they are buying them as part of a money-laundering scheme.    Mr. Asher. Having overseen the multiyear initiative for the U.S. Government against North Korea's illicit financial networks, including supernotes, I guess I can comment.    It has been a very costly endeavor for the United States. We have had to redesign our currency twice as a result of North Korea's national-level counterfeiting of our currency. I do not know that they have succeeded at counterfeiting the latest iteration of the $50 and $100 bills, though.    Congressman, I definitely appreciate your interest in this and concern. It is a concerning issue. It has cost us hundreds of millions of dollars to redesign the currency over the years.    And North Korea did spur on several huge bank runs overseas. In Taiwan, I think we had over $500 million in bank runs in just a period of a couple of weeks back in 2003 or 2004.    So the amount of money that the regime in North Korea has actually garnered from supernote circulation is probably not as high as some people think, but the damage they have done is considerable and the damage they could do.    And if they can indeed counterfeit the security features on the new notes, it would be--first, it would be pretty incredible technologically. But they have been pretty good up to now. They have managed to do it four different times, I believe, with notes.    And we know that they are essentially printing their notes and our notes that they are making, their version of our notes, on their printing presses. North Korea is using its absolute best capabilities here. So, it is a concern. I think that the Department of the Treasury is very much on top of it.    But the bigger issue is, why didn't North Korea get prosecuted when we investigated them? The State Department played a very big role supporting the Department of Justice. The FBI had an incredible investigation into North Korea's supernote activity, including its ties to the official IRA and its ties to Japanese terrorist groups from the 1970s. And it was just wild stuff, featured in Vanity Fair and Wall Street Journal articles and things.    President Bush, whom I had the honor to serve, decided that it was too controversial and we couldn't press charges against the Kim regime at the same time we were negotiating with them.    And, of course, I was negotiating with them and I was involved in trying to press charges against them at the same time. I didn't understand the reason not to do that. The North Koreans knew darn well what they were doing, and somebody needs to be held accountable, but we didn't do it.    That evidence still exists. In theory, somebody could make a case. The statute of limitations probably doesn't expire against a state sponsor of terrorism, if we--at least it was at the time.    Mr. Asher. The largest export for North Korea, believe it or not, is counterfeit cigarettes coming out of North Korean government-controlled criminally-run factories. They are making maybe as much as $700 million to a billion dollars a year in revenue on these, and we have them trafficked all the over the United States. Frequently, they appear in the press as coming out of China, but they are actually just coming through China because North Korea doesn't export directly to the United States, particularly.    So is it benefiting the regime? Absolutely. Is it benefiting the most despicable dangerous elements of the regime? Absolutely. Are they tied into transnational organized crime? 100 percent certain. And we have proven it in court repeatedly. So you should be concerned.    Mr. Asher. I think that is a really interesting question, because we haven't really utilized outside of the world of just straight-up drug trafficking, the MLAT process of asset forfeiture that effectively.    Something I have advocated against with both ISIL and Hezbollah is the use of RICO, which has huge transnational resonance against terrorist organizations as organized criminal entities because terrorism is a specified unlawful act, SUA, under the law. So if you engage in more than two SUAs that are allowed under RICO, you are engaged in a criminal conspiracy that can be prosecuted.    And the thing about RICO and the way it relates to asset forfeitures is you can charge anyone. For example, if you say, ``I am an ISIL member'' or ``I am an al Qaeda member''--a lot of people want to brag about it--you are charged, technically. It is a pretty interesting tool. But you can moreover go after their money.    So if we find there is a foundation in a far-flung land, let's say even a country that doesn't have an MLAT with us or it doesn't honor it, Lebanon, for example--we found $150 million of the proceeds of the forced sale--basically, it was in bankruptcy--of the Lebanese Canadian Bank in a bank called Banque Libano-Francaise. They put their money in that. It was apparently Hezbollah's money.    Under our law, we have a law called Section 981(k) of Title 18 that allows substitute assets to be confiscated where the U.S. Government can actually reach those assets. So even though we didn't have an MLAT with Lebanon--and it would have been better, I guess, if we did--we were able to freeze the money in the correspondent bank account of Libano-Francaise--it was the proceeds the Department of Justice was able to freeze--and forfeit ultimately $102 million of Hezbollah's money without actually going to Lebanon.    So, of course, if we have MLATs, which we should use strategically more effectively for asset forfeiture, it will be exponentially more effective. But even where we don't have them, we have legal tools that can be useful. The key is, we have to deprive financial assets from our adversaries' pockets.    Mr. Asher. I would just say briefly that the Sinaloa drug cartel is not based in the United States, but it derives a lot of income from the United States. The Mejia Salazar cartel, which is supporting Sinaloa, but it is basically Pablo Escobar's empire still living on, is exporting massive amounts of cocaine in the United States in partnership with Sinaloa. So they are earning a lot of income here.    In both cases, there is definitely a partnership going on with Lebanese Hezbollah, especially the darkest side of Hezbollah. In my work personally, I can attest to that in front of you, that we have seen it, and hopefully someday, it is going to be prosecuted in criminal court.    This confluence between these major cartels--and, in criminal states, which Doug has done a great job pointing out, like Venezuela, and organizations like Lebanese Hezbollah is really actually almost out of control.    Mr. Asher. I think the Bank Secrecy Act of 1971 needs to be fully revised. I think we need to update it. I think there is way too much money being spent on unsuccessful attempts by banks to try to limit terrorism financing and financial crime and we are not focused on the most important things.    There is a huge overregulation of the financial system in this area. I am one of the guys who pioneered this stuff, but I will admit it. It is not working. And that is really why I came before you today.    We could do a much better job with less cost to our financial institutions if we just focused on the problem actors. There are not that many drug cartels in the world.    Our financial institutions need to be told by the Federal Government who is in the cartel, and what they are doing. They need to be given some sort of watch-list information like we do with transportation companies. The airlines know if some terrorist gets on an airplane. Why don't we tell the banks that they are banking with some terrorists?    Mr. Asher. It is national policy. It is called a criminal state. It is crime being carried out as a act of national policy to benefit the leaders of that regime, and they can use it.    No surprise there is money in the oil accounts. How do you get money from the United States? Congressman Barr, I think, was asking earlier about, how do you get the money from the United States?    I can't prove it, but there have been way too many cases where you see these oil companies for countries like Venezuela showing up in law enforcement cases related to the movement of funds.    Have you ever heard of Citgo? Who knows what is going on with these things. I have no idea at all if any of these companies are involved.    But when you read the law enforcement cases, things pop up like PDVSA and there has to be something going on with the use of formalized transactions and trade with a lot of these states, and it is concerning, from my think tank perspective, that we are doing perilously little to try to police it because they are being accorded the privileges of governments even if they are engaged in criminal activity.    Mr. Asher. In having contributed probably a few hundred millions dollars to the asset forfeiture fund over the years through efforts I have been involved in, I have always wondered whatever happens to the money. It is a great question.    Yes, we have these several billion-dollar pots that are used, but far too little of it is allowed to be used proactively, for example. Now, this is a very controversial issue, I know, on the Hill here, and I respect Members' opinions on this.    This whole fast-and-furious fiasco is something that we will always live to regret. I have no idea how something like that could happen. But the use of money as a tool to do sting operations, as they exist, is indispensable.    We have to put some money on the table in law enforcement to be able to interact with--no kidding--transnational organized crime groups with credibility. Undercover operations are critical. The asset forfeiture funds are critical. But there is a tiny amount, frankly, allowed to be used for any sort of proactive approach, which paralyzes the effectiveness of our law enforcement organizations against them.    So, it is not just the asset forfeiture funds themselves not being used for increasing asset forfeiture and there is insufficiency there, it is how they are being used. I think we have to get much more aggressive like we were in the 1980s and 1990s against the Colombian cartels largely because people are getting shot left, right, and center in the streets of Miami.    Mr. Asher. I will give you a rank. I don't think it is 10.    Mr. Asher. It may be 5.    Mr. Asher. It may be 3. But the big thing is, it is Iran's revolutionary regime and its externalization of that revolution which is its top priority as a policy that is the problem.    When we went to the North Korea six-party talks, we should have been focused not just on the fact they were exporting a nuclear reactor to Syria, which probably had something to do with the Iranians right under our feet, but we also should have been focused on the fact the North Korean regime was not agreeing to negotiate about its destiny as a regime. Its whole orientation was against our existence.    That is the problem with the Iranians. Now, maybe there is something going on where they are going to change that. I hope so. But that, to me, is the problem that concerns me, is they are inimically opposed to us and it is their national ideology as a state.    Mr. Asher. That is a great question, and I appreciate you asking it.    Look, the Bank Secrecy Act was actually not passed to protect bank secrets or privacy. It was designed to stop any money laundering in 1971. They just changed the name because of concerns.    I am concerned, as a private American citizen, about personal information being divulged. But unfortunately, the cat is sort of out of the bag as we look at the credit rating bureaus. And the amount of data that an Experian or someone would have about any of us is ridiculous.    It is ironic, though, that banks are reticent to share data with other banks even though that is allowed. Under the USA PATRIOT Act, Section 314(a) or (b)--I can't remember which one--banks can share anti-money-laundering data with each other, but they can't pool it.    If you could pool it, if you could do sort of the Visa or MasterCard processing of anti-money-laundering data, you would see massive schemes that could be stopped by banks at a relatively low cost because you would see that this guy just opened an account at this bank in whatever city and then at this bank in this city, and they are smurfing the system. They are setting up a money-laundering network. But right now, no one can see that.    So sharing the data would not only reduce costs dramatically for the banking system, it would improve effectiveness. They would still be obliged to not share that data with anyone outside of official channels. They couldn't provide it to--they would just be sharing with each other. They are allowed to do that.    It is not going to get divulged any more than it is being getting divulged. So I am not that concerned. I just think economy of scale does help in trying to stop things from occurring. It also can bring down costs.    Moreover, a consortium could be in the position to receive watch-list data, even classified data, from the U.S. Government. And I think we need to consider providing that. We provided it, again, to our airlines and shipping lines. If we think there is a Maersk ship that is containing a container full of, let's say, weapons coming into the United States, we are going to tell Maersk, ``There is a container. You have to inspect it.''    Do we tell the banks that they are doing business with drug traffickers or Hezbollah? No. Only through public divulgence. And I think we should keep these things--we don't need to publicly approach these issues and tell the terrorists that we are looking at them.    Mr. Asher. I do. And I think it is a healthy debate. I am concerned, but I don't think--if this system is done right, it is not going to lead to any more divulsion of private information than is occurring already. In fact, it just might be more effective.