    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Madam Chairman, and thank you for your leadership on this particular issue.    It is of critical importance to me in that outdoor outfitters are a vital part of western North Carolina.    Mr. Brown, you mentioned the Ocoee. There's the Ocoee. There's the Nantahala. There's the Chattooga. There's a number of different outfitters in my area. Sadly, in those counties, very close to many of those outfitters, the unemployment rate is at 15 percent still today, and yet here we have, Mr. Lazzeri, a rule that threatens to put many of those businesses out of business, and so the augmenting--you know, it's great to say that we have a minimum wage at $10.10 an hour, but when you don't have a job, it doesn't really matter.    So Mr. Lazzeri, I'm going to go to you because I'm troubled by some of the logic. You opened up with a quote with Mr. Perez that says no full-time worker should have to work, and yet we're not really talking about full-time workers here. We're talking about part time and seasonal, so how would that apply to your opening quote from Mr. Perez?    Mr. Meadows. Or wouldn't?    Mr. Meadows. Now, how is that? You keep saying that. How many seasonal businesses have you actually owned, Mr. Lazzeri? I've owned four of them, so you tell me how that's going to happen because it sounds real good, but I am very troubled by you suggesting that it can be offset when--have you made payroll for seasonal businesses on a regular basis?    Mr. Meadows. Yes or no. Have you owned seasonal businesses?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Thank you.    So let me go further. How can you make that kind of assumption? Hold on. Let me clarify that because that's too open-ended. Mr. Cottingham is sitting there right beside you.    Mr. Cottingham, when we look at the business that you make, how much of your income that you get paid by the Federal Government to do? I mean, do they contract with you and pay you for these tours and guidance services?    Mr. Meadows. So they are not actually contracting with you and paying you with Federal dollars. What you are in fact doing is getting a special-use permit to actually come on Federal lands; is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Because we can understand if you were getting Federal tax dollars and we were paying you for that to set this new standard.    Mr. Lazzeri, do you not see the difference between the two of those?    Mr. Meadows. Do you see a difference? You're answering--you're giving great answers to questions that I'm not asking. So do you see a difference between someone who pays for a service and then, Mr. Cottingham, who is getting a special use permit, is there a difference? Yes or no.    Mr. Meadows. So, since you considered it, is there a difference, yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. So you saw no difference.    Mr. Meadows. All right. Then let me go--since you're not going to answer that question, let me give you a different question.    How are you implementing this particular rule with regards to people who have a special-use permit here on the National Mall?    Mr. Meadows. So you have implemented it with regards to everybody who demonstrates here on the National Mall, their contractors, subcontractors, and everybody else have to meet this new standard.    Mr. Meadows. That's not the question I asked. I said, are you enforcing it, yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. Here on the National Mall? Because I want you to submit that to the committee, and actually, I'm here today because of some of the people that are in my district because it's personal to me; it's going to put people out of business in western North Carolina. But I also have oversight over your particular agency and how it handles it, and so I would ask you give that to the committee on how you're doing it here on the National Mall because, under your definition, there is no difference from Mr. Cottingham and anybody else that gets a special-use permit here on the National Mall.    Mr. Meadows. So are you--are you implementing that?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Madam Chair, you have been very generous with your time.    I yield back    Mr. Meadows. If the gentlewoman will yield for just a second, you have a standing invitation to come to western North Carolina at my expense.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Madam chair.    Mr. Lazzeri, since we are talking about outfitters, it would be appropriate for me to say that I have a burr in my saddle with regards to this particular rule that you have put forth. And so in saying that, can you assure the committee that you are fairly and equally, with the emphasis on equally, applying this rule to all U.S. citizens who contract in one way or another under your definition, with the Federal Government, are all of them having to meet the same standards?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So you're doing your best. So how do you do that? Going back to be the National Mall, other than your Webinar training, how are you putting the same requirements on those permit holders as you would Mr. Brown's members or Mr. Cottingham? How are you doing that?    Mr. Meadows. But it's a different standard, Mr. Lazzeri. And let's have an intellectual discussion here. There's a difference between enforcement and training. So how are you enforcing that with regards to that?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So you mentioned that you listened to all kinds of stakeholders while you were doing this rule. The majority of the stakeholders that responded, were they in favor of this rule?    Mr. Meadows. And so are you suggesting that there was 6,400 unique responses in favor of the rule?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So you're saying only 100 people complained in the comment period?    Mr. Meadows. So how many of those recommendations did you implement? Well because you keep coming back to talk about the executive order said this, the executive order said that, and it sounds like you didn't really pay attention to any of the stakeholder input as much as you did what the executive order said.    Mr. Meadows. But in this particular case, there's a new contract--if I'm traveling on a Federal road and paying a toll, I enter into a new contract each and every time that I do that because I'm paying a fee to use a Federal asset. So is that a new contract?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So what about if I lease a building from the Federal Government? Do I have to comply with those standards when you're the lessor?    Mr. Meadows. So I would have to meet the new executive order if I'm a lessee?    Mr. Meadows. But that's a different number. And so--when we really look at that. So let me go on a little bit further.    Is there, in your opinion, any way that we can give a waiver to seasonal businesses and that you re-address this and work this without us doing a legislative fix? Are you willing to look at that?    Mr. Meadows. So, again, it was more what the executive order said than what the stakeholders said.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So how many--how many times did you go out and visit seasonal businesses before you made your rule? You personally. How many times did you go? Since you're one of the ones that are in charge, how many times did you travel to see the impact?    Mr. Meadows. So did you go or not?    Mr. Meadows. So you don't know whether you went to a seasonal business or not?    Mr. Meadows. So it wasn't that long ago. So did you travel to go and visit personally or not? Come on, Mr. Lazzeri.    Mr. Meadows. So you may have.    Mr. Meadows. Madam Chairwoman, I find it just amazing. I hope that his wife or--if you're married----    Mr. Meadows. --that you can remember your anniversary better than you can potential trips.    Mr. Meadows. I have one other question, Mr. Lazzeri. If you say you're willing to take additional input but yet it's not going to affect the outcome, why take the additional input?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Madam Chairman, I want to close with one other request. Mr. Lazzeri, since you can't seem to recall whether you've been there or not, are you willing to accompany me to some of the seasonal businesses in western North Carolina so that you can see firsthand what you're talking about and the rules that you are and how they potentially impact people that are dealing with double digit unemployment in western North Carolina? Are you willing to go with me? I'll be glad to pay.    Mr. Meadows. All right. I thank you, Madam Chairman, for your leadership on this issue. I yield back to the gentleman from Colorado. I appreciate you graciousness.