    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, thank you so very much, and thank you for your thoughtfulness in introducing a piece of legislation that will give us the opportunity to review some very important issues.    Let me also thank the Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Sensenbrenner, for calling this very timely hearing.    I want to add my appreciation to all of the witnesses for their patience as we try to do the people's business, and also for your astuteness on this issue, because obviously that is the case that we have called you as witnesses because we want to hear your testimony.    There are 143 million smartphones in operation in America, and at least 75 percent of all U.S. households have computers.    Again, I want to acknowledge, as I see both the Ranking and the Chairman in the Committee of the full Committee. Let me acknowledge our Ranking Member, Mr. Conyers, who is here, and Mr. Goodlatte, the Chairman of the full Committee, who is here as well.    Each of these Internet-connected devices is a potential slot machine or roulette wheel, and every home in America is potentially a casino. That is why it is critical today that we address important issues concerning Internet gaming, including not only statutory interpretation but also questions related to law enforcement and the appeal of online gaming to minors.    Traditional offline gaming revenues in the United States total $35 billion annually. As the Internet continues to offer new possibilities for gaming online, it has been estimated that the American market for online casinos in total could be worth as much as $12 billion per year. Gaming is big business, but we must ensure that our laws governing all forms of gaming reflect a careful weighing of the related costs and benefits.    Illegal gambling has long been a source of revenue for organized crime. In 1961, then-Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy's Justice Department worked with the 87th Congress to enact a series of laws targeting organized crime operations. One of these statutes, the Wire Act, was passed to prohibit the use of interstate telephone and telegraph wagering services which processed bets that provided substantial revenues for criminal organizations.    However, the advent of the Internet in the 1990's allowed greater remote interactions with bettors and expanded the types of games that could be played from a distance. These evolving circumstances led to increased focus on the scope of the prohibitions under the Wire Act.    Prior to 2011, the Department of Justice interpreted the Wire Act to prohibit wagering of any kind over interstate telecommunications. In 2011, the Department reexamined the text and legislative history of the statute and developed its current position, that the law was meant only to apply to bets placed on sporting events. Some fear that this change will lead to the proliferation of non-sports Internet gaming and possible related harms to our citizens, which all of us are concerned about.    Others assert that because Americans already spend an estimated $2.6 billion on illegal offshore gambling websites per year, the better course is to encourage them instead to participate in legal, regulated Internet gaming in the states that allow it. So far Delaware, New Jersey and Nevada have amended their laws to allow either poker or casino-style gaming over the Internet, and several other states allow the online sales of lottery tickets.    We must take seriously the concerns that are raised about the expansion of Internet gaming, including worries that it may facilitate money laundering, prey on those who engage in problem gambling, and allow the participation of minors who would not be able to gamble in a casino. And I would add that all of us, no matter what side of the issue you are on, raise that as a concern.    In fact, the Adolescent Psychiatry Journal's review of studies concerning Internet gambling and children concluded that the potential for future problems among youth is high, especially among a generation of young people who have grown up with video games, computers, and the Internet.    We also must consider the arguments of those who assert that online gaming taking place under state regulation would better prevent those harms than unregulated offshore gaming. For instance, in 2011, former FBI Director Louis Freeh stated that these offshore gaming sites are run by shady operators, often outside the effective reach of U.S. law enforcement, an environment rife with opportunity to defraud players and launder money for much more dangerous operations.    There certainly are different perspectives on these questions, and the Committee will examine all of them as we evaluate H.R. 707, a bill which would provide that the Wire Act prohibits non-sports betting as well as betting on sporting events.    I look forward to the hearing, the insights and opinions of our witnesses concerning each of these issues, and I believe that we have gathered individuals with expertise and balance and a contribution that will help us move forward on a question that the underlying premise should be how do we serve the American public.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Again, this is a very important discussion.    Let me go first to Mr. Moylan and ask on the question dealing with both Federalism and states' rights, the Chairman's question or theme in his remarks, Mr. Goodlatte, about bleeding into other states. I know that you are framing your discussion around the question of states' rights. Some have a system of online that they have regulated.    How would you answer the question of bleeding into other states?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And why don't you expand a little bit on general police powers that individual states have and how that would impact your discussion?    Ms. Jackson Lee. One of the things is we have all found ourselves on the side of states' rights at one time or another.    Let me ask a question of Ms. Aftab, and as I do that I will ask the Chairman to submit into the record a letter from the National Fraternal Order of Police. I ask unanimous consent to place this into the record.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Ms. Aftab, I have made my point clear, my concern for children and the ultimate impact. Why don't you respond to two points, one the question of children who are making decisions that may not be the best for them and without good judgment. They are children, and it is no reflection on how good their parents are. We know technology finds its way into bedrooms, little bedrooms, and on all of the new devices that are coming out all the time. Number one.    Number two, how do we respond to the question that an unregulated process draws a lot of horror stories, particularly in the money laundering, offshore gambling that no one has control of, and that may draw innocent persons who desire to gamble and then find themselves in a worse position, being involved in unregulated processes?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Are you suggesting, if I might, that other states would have the ability to use the technology, or are using the technology?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And let me conclude by just simply saying you are suggesting that the offshore operators are not following----    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Richmond, I am willing to yield to you for a moment--we were almost closing--so that you can raise your questions, if I might, and then follow him, Mr. Chairman? He has not asked any questions.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And again, I want to thank the Chairman of this Committee for working with me on the importance of this hearing, and the Chairman of the full Committee, and the Ranking Member of the full Committee as well.    Let me thank the witnesses and offer one or two points that I think should be the obvious, that we have three very strong witnesses for this legislation, it appears. I think woven into your support of it is, of course, your assessment of the, if you will, ills of gambling and the addiction that occurs in some individuals and the drastic societal results of its use. I believe that this Committee, which deals with the law, should also be concerned about those societal ills.    I hope that as we proceed in reviewing this legislation, marking it up, we might find common ground on addressing how our approach should actually be. I think the question that you have made, Mr. Moylan, for those of us who take special pains to look at the Constitution and assess the infrastructure between the Federal Government and state government are troubled and want to determine how this concern of the societal ills matches with the very age-old debate on Federal and state relationships and Federal jurisdiction and states' rights. I think the point that you have made is that the state can contain itself, can provide those firewalls against other states that may not be so inclined. But how do you stop the states that are inclined from being able to do so?    I will just use an example, Mr. Chairman. When we were dealing with the question of the bricks and mortar issue with online purchases versus the issue of bricks and mortar stores, that was somewhat of a state issue as well, online versus bricks and mortar, how do you balance the guys who build buildings and sell goods versus those online. So I think that is a great concern to me.    And then finally, Ms. Aftab, if I might just get you again to state for the record--and then I have some letters to put into the record--state for the record again the process that you have discerned that protects children and counters or blocks the offshore criminal activity that is going on unregulated and that draws many of our citizens to ruin, if you will, because it is unregulated, it is untested, it is not secure. So if you would talk about the children, and I will conclude on that.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Again, I thank the witnesses.    Mr. Chairman, I am going to yield back.    Thank you so very much for that explanation on the record.    I would like to submit into the record and ask unanimous consent for a letter from the National Governors' Association dated May 9, 2014; a report from the State of New Jersey dated January 2, 2015, ``New Jersey Internet Gaming One Year Anniversary: Achievements to Date and Goals for the Future.'' This letter concerns the position of the National Governors' Association, the previous letter. I ask unanimous consent again. This letter was dated January 2, 2015. And then a letter from the Democratic Governors dated March 17, 2015, on the same issue, the Restoration of America's Wire Act 2015.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Yield back.