    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Marino and the Members of the Committee, and the distinguished witnesses with us today; as well as those that are interested enough to come to the hearing itself.    Today's hearing focuses on three bills dealing with the issue of state taxes. And as we consider them, there are several points that I would like to present.    This Committee should first focus on establishing without further delay a national framework that will empower the states to enforce collection by remote sellers. Unfortunately, none of the bills that are the subject of today's hearings address the remote sales tax dilemma states are currently facing. More than two decades ago, the Supreme Court recognized, in the 1992 Quill decision, that Congress is best suited to determine whether a remote seller must collect taxes, sales taxes. Yet, Congress has failed to make that critical determination.    Although Congress has considered various legislative proposals, including during the last Congress when the Senate overwhelmingly passed the Marketplace Fairness Act, the House has not taken any meaningful action beyond holding hearings. We owe it to our local communities, our local retailers, and state and local governments to act this Congress. Otherwise, our local retailers will continue to be at a competitive disadvantage and our state and local governments will continue to lose critical tax revenues as a result of remote sellers not collecting and remitting sales taxes.    Lost tax revenues mean that state and local governments will have fewer resources to provide their residents essential services; such as education and police and fire protection. Uncollected sales taxes mean fewer purchases at local retailers which translate to fewer local jobs. The unfair advantage that remote sellers have by not collecting sales taxes hurts us all. Congress should not delay any further and it should work to pass bipartisan legislation. I welcome the opportunity to work with the Chair on moving legislation this Congress on remote sales tax issues.    Now, as to H.R. 2315, the ``Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification Act of 2015,'' and H.R. 1643, the ``Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act of 2015,'' both of these measures, although improved over several Congresses, still fail to address the needs of all stakeholders. Even though H.R. 2315 incorporates much needed improvements reflecting important input from the state governments and the business community, the bill still requires further revisions to eliminate its adverse impact on state revenues.    For example, if the bill were enacted as introduced New York would lose upwards of $100 million in revenue. Chairman Schumer will take note of that, I am sure. Similarly, the sponsors of H.R. 1643 must work with the state and local governments to draft language all parties can find agreeable.    Ms. Magee and Mr. Crippen likely will have suggestions to address the state and local government's concerns with both of the bills.    And finally, H.R. 2584, the ``Business Activity Tax Simplification Act of 2015,'' is thoroughly flawed legislation especially in light of the fact that it overrides the authority of states to determine how and what they tax within their own borders. The bill upends long-settled state tax practices by implementing a standard falsely based on physical presence and by including loopholes that make such a standard meaningless for state governments.    The bill favors big multistate corporations at the expense of small and local businesses. It encourages tax evasion by creating opportunities for nationwide businesses to structure corporate affiliates and transactions to avoid paying their fair share of local taxes.    The bill prevents states from imposing business activity taxes on businesses which have less than 15 days of physical presence within the state. This will shift the state corporate income tax burden onto local small businesses, manufacturers, and service providers; in other words, the types of businesses that pay local property and payroll taxes. And the measure will eviscerate state revenues with respect to nearly identical legislation considered several years ago.    The Congressional Budget Office estimated that it would reduce state revenues by about $2 billion in the first full year following enactment and at least that amount in subsequent years and that it would generate even greater future state tax revenue losses as corporations avail themselves of the bill's virtually unenforceable standard and vast loopholes. We should not be forcing upon the states a $2 billion decrease in their tax revenues. Accordingly, I urge my colleagues to seriously consider scrapping the Business Activity Tax Simplification Act and let us start all over again.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much.    Back to Director Crippen, you have indicated that Congress should address the remote sales tax issue before any other Federal legislation regarding state tax issue is passed. And I think you are pretty firm on that and I would like you to elaborate if you think you need to anymore.    Mr. Conyers. Now you have had something to say, I think, about Mr. Norquist's suggestion that we pass a permanent Internet tax moratorium. As you know, we have historically extended the moratorium on a temporary basis. Are there circumstances in which we could pass a permanent moratorium that would meet your approval?    Mr. Conyers. Ms. Magee, there are several legislative proposals introduced or are floating around to address the remote sales tax issue. There is the Marketplace Fairness Act in the Senate, Chairman Goodlatte's discussion draft focusing on hybrid origin sourcing approach, Mr. Chaffetz's discussion draft of a rewrite of marketplace fairness. Are any of these proposals meet the perspective that you have on this subject?    Mr. Conyers. What about the hybrid origin sourcing approach, does that meet your high standards?    Mr. Conyers. Okay.    Mr. Lindholm, what is your view on some of these different approaches?    Mr. Conyers. Yes.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you so much.    Mr. Chairman, I would like unanimous consent to enter these three documents into the record: The National Council of State Legislatures letter; a joint letter from local government organizations; and a joint letter from several labor groups including AFSCME, AFL-CIO, AFT, NEA--has he done it already?    Okay. And UAW.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, sir.