    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Director Comey, thank you for coming in today to testify before the subcommittee.    As you know, a key tool in combatting crime is the use of Combined DNA Index System, better known as CODIS, and CODIS blends forensic science with computer technology to accurately identify suspects and assist in a successful prosecution of criminals.    Last year's budget hearing, I brought up the nationwide backlog of untested sexual assault kits, which was around 500,000. Shortly after that hearing, Alameda County District Attorney, Nancy O'Malley, and your office began discussions about the backlog that occurs prior to the upload of CODIS. And I am pleased that the FBI laboratory staff have met with the DA several times regarding a pilot project that may facilitate the CODIS upload of DNA profiles linked to suspects of accused sexual assault crimes.    And having said that, I just want to add, also, my thanks to the past chairman, Frank Wolf, who really carried us and helped us see it entirely through.    The fiscal year 2015 CJS appropriation bill included $41 million for just the first point of the backlog in police evidence rooms, and I am hopeful that will continue to program in fiscal year 2016, and I am aware that this is outside your purview, but I wanted you to know that we are committed to this issue. Alameda County in my district has been out in front on this issue and I encourage you and your staff to continue to work with them on the pilot project that will focus on another point of the backlog, that is the technical review by government labs of a private lab's work upload to CODIS.    I would like to now turn to how the second point of the backlog can be addressed. Namely, the implementation of rapid DNA instruments in the police booking stations. And I am a firm believer that having an arrestee sample tested quickly by a rapid DNA instrument while that arrestee is still in the booking environment, that will reduce the burden on government labs, and I am hoping that you will be able to continue, because I raised this issue last year, as well.    And I know that the FBI is supportive of rapid DNA technology, but since last year's budget hearing, tell me about what problems has been made to amend the law, protocols and policies to allow the use of rapid DNA instruments in police booking stations and once the relevant requirements have been amended, what is your approximate timeline, assuming it has been amended, for implementing the rapid DNA instruments in law enforcement agencies booking stations?    Mr. Honda. Okay. Because we have to understand that there are 500,000 kits that have been used, 500,000 cases that are being left without the great evidence that DNA will provide, so victims and arrestees are at bay in order to get their justice, and I think the quicker we move and be able to implement this, then we can reduce these backlogs and have people really enjoy the benefits of our technology, but also our rapid response to justice.    Mr. Chairman, if I may just indulge with one quick question? I just wanted to thank you very much for adding to the FBI training manual, which will include the guidance, just as law enforcement identifying and reporting hate crimes directed at Sikhs, Arabs and Hindus, and I think that is going to be able to produce a great deal of information. I do have a concern, though, about the comment that you had made last month on race policing. You said that it is ridiculous that I cannot tell you how many people were shot by the police last week, last month, last year. It may be taken out of context, but that was the quote. So, as I understand it, currently, police departments can on a voluntary basis, report incidents to the data that the FBI keeps on justifiable homicide. This, however, is problematic, according to one Justice Department statistician who was quoted in a news article said that the FBI's justifiable homicide and estimates from arrested-related deaths both have significant limitations in terms of coverage and reliability that are primarily due to agency participation in regard to this issue.    Could you discuss what the situation is currently with voluntarily reporting and what approaches we could take to get better data on--since it is a very high level problem of public notice.    Mr. Honda. Perhaps through our good chairman, we might be able to look at this and see if we can be of assistance to help the FBI to acquire this information because voluntary reporting of police shootings, it just does not seem to be acceptable, essentially in today's environment and the kinds of things that we know what is going on and what is not going on in our country right now.    Mr. Honda. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Honda. The question I would ask them, and distinction I would ask through the Chair, to the Administrator is this. Then you get a court order, the court order would be a court order for hardline, you can get a court order for tapping the line. Under FISA we can now get a court order to tap into information that is used with a digital phone.    Accessing information on a digital phone that has what we might want to call our intelligence also, accessing that would be like accessing a person under oath giving any information they may have inside of them. And so we may have to look at the kind of legislation that equates that with, you know, our intelligence and transacts as our own privacy. So there would be a sanction if we lie under oath. And if we have a choice now of opening up our own phone, and even the company cannot do that, they were--you know, I would just try to make a distinction between----    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Judge. I am trying to make a distinction between the kinds of laws that we write or we author. In one set of technology, when we are looking at artificial intelligence, and we are looking at another kind of technology, where we can make safe our own information, accessing that is going to have to have another kind of--another level of thought like we had to do with accessing and tapping into technology.    A safe is, you know, a safe is still the old technology, I think----    Mr. Honda. If you have access to a phone that the individual who bought it can open up, then you can--you could have certain kinds of force of law that would require them to be able to testify.    Mr. Honda. I just wanted to raise that. Thank you, Judge.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and let me just say I appreciate your flexibility and the Judge's flexibility, too. I just have a real quick question. In 2016, my area will be hosting the Superbowl. And in the past three, four years probably, we have been tracking the Superbowl activities in terms of human trafficking. And in that light, you have the arena of trans-national organized crime, which addresses trafficking of women and children internationally. You also have a discussion around the Child Sex Tourism Initiative and addressing child--instead of saying prostitution, I just say child sex slavery, because prostitution has another connotation in my mind.    Is there staff that we can collaborate with and speak with to anticipate the 2016? We are already working on cyber systems with our local entities in terms of light rail, high-speed rail and those kinds of activities, in airports. It would be great if we can work with some of your staff to check and double check on the kinds of things that we are doing and to see if there is anything else that we can do and collaborate (indiscernible).    Mr. Honda. Yes.    Mr. Honda. And we like to look at public education and engaging the other agencies to be aware and trained on visual kinds of surveillance, too, so we greatly appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, good morning.    Mr. Honda. Speaking in general, in your testimony, you mentioned challenges that USTPO has and has been facing in managing its telework programs and the Department and the USTPO have undertaken a number of initiatives to address these workforce management issues. So, very quickly, can you tell us more about the steps that have been taken to address this challenge and have you evaluated those changes, and if so, what can you tell us about those differences?    Mr. Honda. It sounds like it is an evaluation technique that you have to go through a long period of time in order to evaluate whether a supervisor or a examiner is doing their job in a timely manner and it seems like patents and trademarks are more kind of a time-oriented issue that needs to be dealt with. I do not hear that that is the kind of evaluation that is being placed upon this process to see if telework is the appropriate way to go. Given the time that you described, it seems to me that there needs to be more a refined approach to it, because the patent applicants, they want to know as soon as possible, or is that built into that evaluation? If you can give us something offline on that and share that with us, I would be very interested in it.    Mr. Honda. Well, wait a minute. You said that the employee has a right to appeal a judgment that was in that person's favor?    Mr. Honda. Well, it seems to me an appeal would be on your side rather than on--I am not an attorney, so you have to correct me. Why would a plaintiff appeal a judgment for them?    Mr. Honda. February 13th and this is February 26th.Federal government due to hazardous weather. On Wednesday, I did ask my staff to post the letter and I will go back to see whether or not it has been posted.    Mr. Honda. So you asked or you told them to? I mean, this is an order.    Mr. Honda. Did you give her a time definite?    Mr. Honda. How about ASAP? I mean, it seems like an order is an order. It did not tell you that you had any leeway.    Mr. Honda. So----later than Friday.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Honda. If I may piggyback on your----    Mr. Honda . Comment. Intrusive and offensive questions in Census, it seems to me that the Census' job is to find information on the population aside from the numbers.    Mr. Honda. So we can figure out what kind of program could we generate for their particular needs. I would be interested in the list of intrusive and offensive questions that you are talking about and the frequency of those, because one thing I know that we have to do is to keep it private and make sure that it is not available to the government as they used it on Japanese-Americans in 1942. But in order to provide the best data in order for people to generate their own programs, you know, we may have to ask some questions that could be asked in a socially, statistically and culturally sensitive appropriate way. Those would be my counter questions and I would really be interested in what that list of intrusive and offensive questions is.    Mr. Honda. Just through the Chair, if I may. To rebut that, though, the testimony you are giving right now could be construed as something we need to fix and take care of rather than look into deeper to make sure that we are protecting the privacy versus getting information that is appropriate in the census as we move forward in our development of this country.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, because I think that questioning properly is the way to find out information. One of the things that many communities are looking for is disaggregation of information, so that we know how to provide the appropriate funds and programs for our communities. Thank you.    Mr. Honda. Will the Chairman yield?    Mr. Honda. I am not arguing about cyber security, I am talking about when we want information and how many folks you have in your family, how many families are living in the household, languages that are spoken. I think languages are very important.    Mr. Honda. But to disaggregate that, it takes a little bit of time. And to not mention things that are important like language and other kinds of ways that communities operate----    Mr. Honda. So I just did not want to make it cyber security versus the information that our families can provide us. Thank you.    Mr. Honda. What language does red snapper speak? Would it be croakers? They are croakers, right?