    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank all of you for being here. This is very important and very informative, and we appreciate it very much.    Mr. Dodaro, I want to speak--I know that the previous Congressman questioned you about DHS, but I'd like to go further into that, and it's important to me for two reasons. First of all, I'm a member of the Homeland Security Committee. So it's important for that reason, but, secondly, and perhaps most importantly, I have a bill, one of my first bills that I've introduced, House Resolution 1615, that deals with this. As you know, the Department of Homeland Security has more FOIA requests than any other department, and not only that, but right now the backlog of all Federal FOIA requests, the Department of Homeland Security has more than half, which is really alarming. Now, again, I want to ask you because my legislation really calls for the elimination of duplication, and I want to ask you again about USCIS and then ICE and the duplication there. Is there indeed duplication in that process? Are they both--are they both processing the FOIA requests----    Mr. Carter. So your office acknowledges and believes that they are indeed doing that?    Mr. Carter. Okay. Well, let me ask you. It's my understanding that--that Customs and Border Protection and USCIS have an agreement in which they--they work together on these FOIA requests, yet--yet ICE does not have that same agreement?    Mr. Carter. Did they give a reason why they don't have that agreement? Is there----    Mr. Carter. Okay. It's my understanding that at one point they did have an agreement----    Mr. Carter. --and it expired.    Mr. Carter. I'm----    Mr. Carter. Well, certainly we want to push this issue because it would appear to me that not only would it help with the backlog, obviously, but it would be less expensive to do it that way.    Mr. Carter. You know, since I've been up here all of three and a half months, common sense, I'm not sure that----    Mr. Carter. --I have figured out where it's hiding at.    Mr. Carter. Well, you're exactly right.    But, again, it's my understanding that--that these two subgroups, if you will, suborganizations, of Homeland Security have established a study committee of sorts to work through this.    Are you aware of that? Are they working on it? What's the status of it currently?    Mr. Carter. Okay. Well, if you could, that would be very important because----    Mr. Carter. --obviously this is a bill that's very important to me and, I think, should be very important to all of us to get rid of this backlog. Again, over half of the Federal FOIA requests that are in backlog now are in Homeland Security. No excuse for that whatsoever and no excuse for the duplication. So thank you for your efforts and, please, watch this bill very, very closely.    Mr. Carter. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time.