    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you. This has been a great hearing. I am sorry, I just had to step out.    So I want to start with Mr. Mirzakhalili. I am sorry if I butcher it. I am Shimkus. I get it butchered all the time, too.    The--you don't question anybody on the panel with you and their concern about air quality, do you? I mean, all your colleagues there, in essence, you don't--you don't question that they are doing their best for the air quality of the areas that they represent?    Mr. Shimkus. Let me go on because--yes, I mean, this is great testimony that we have heard from some of your colleagues, and Mr. Sadredin, I think we would pull up--I would encourage people to look at his testimony and look at the two charts he refers to in his testimony.    I don't know if you can pull it up. We are having trouble, and so that is why I was bouncing back and forth.    The reality is in San Joaquin Valley the success of what you have been doing is undeniable, and you are coming before us.    Then you go to chart two, then you are coming to us and it says, ``Even if I stop all this activity, I can't meet it.'' Is that how I observe your opening statement and your testimony?    Mr. Shimkus. And let me go to Mr. Cabrera because I saw you shaking your head when the ranking member was talking.    I mean, you are in the same position, in essence. So what do you do?    Mr. Shimkus. Yes, and Congressman Olson showed me a picture of an exceptional event in Texas and actually told me that there were 10 exceptional events that he could speak to.    How many of those got kind of a waiver or whatever the EPA does to say OK, we will take that into consideration, Dr. Shaw?    Mr. Shimkus. So Mr. Mirzakhalili, part of the--why I focused on you at first because in your opening statement you made a comment--this is why we find this debate troubling--that even though there is not technologically a feasible way to get to a level, you are testifying that we should meet it anyway.    Mr. Shimkus. That is what you said in your opening statement.    Mr. Shimkus. Yes, so even though there is not technology to get there, they need to have that as a standard. That is why we have--let me go real quick. I am almost done with--I only have 30 seconds, and I apologize.    So the other issue that I have dealt with numerous times is the public domain doesn't understand the multiple different environmental rules and regs that are--that are imposed upon air quality folks in this country.    So here we are talking about ozone, PM. So the public out there, the C-SPAN viewers are saying, ``What's the deal? It's one air provision.''    Well, we know it's not, right? You guys deal with it, and I always bring it up and I am going to do it again. You are dealing with MACT. It was mentioned in some opening. We got mercury air toxics.    We have got air quality standards for particulate matter. We have got cooling water intake rule. We have coal ash startup shutdown malfunctions, Clean Power Plan, ozone rule.    This is just one of a multitude of a cavalcade of rules and regulations that are imposed upon people who are trying to protect the air quality for their citizens and they--you all need help and you all need a delay in implementing this and that is why this is--this is a good bill and I appreciate my colleague for bringing it forward and I yield back my time.