    Ms. Granger. Thank you, Mr. General Dunford, Mr. Secretary for all the attention you are giving to keeping us safe, and there is nothing more important.    As we do that, we have partners that we are asking to play an increasing role in the fight against ISIS. My concern is the foreign military sales. The process is cumbersome and it is bogged down. For example, the congressional notification for the F-18s for Kuwait has been stalled in the executive branch since March of 2015.    This is just one example of the many concerns we have been hearing. In fact, the delays are driving our partners to turn elsewhere, including Russia and China, for assistance. That is not a good situation for us. The relationships are critical to U.S. national security and they must be protected. Our current action and lack of action is risking our long-term strategic alliances.    I know this is not just a DOD issue, but, Mr. Secretary, you play a significant role in the process. What are you doing to try to expedite the requests from our partners, and what changes are being made to fix this problem?was in Kuwait on Monday, as a matter of fact, and met with the Minister of Defense and my counterpart, the Chief of Defense. From their perspective, great partner. Our presence in Kuwait has been critical to prosecute the current fight against ISIL. It has been critical for the last 2 decades-plus. And they are incredibly frustrated.    And I agree with Secretary Carter, those are the kinds of countries that we should be keeping close. They are valuable allies both in the fight and from a U.S. posture perspective. And we should look for ways to expedite the delivery of equipment, because they have and they will go elsewhere.    And we want to build interoperability, we want to build effective partnerships and allies, and one of the ways you do that is this commonality of equipment. And if they are going to buy Chinese UAVs or Chinese aircraft or missiles or those kinds of things, it makes it incredibly difficult for us then to put coalitions together in a circumstance like we find ourselves right now. And winning in the circumstance we are in right now, make no mistake about it, is going to require an effective coalition.    So I think it is a foundational element of us actually advancing our national security interests, is to make sure we have that interoperability and commonality of equipment. And in order to incentivize people to deal with us, we have got to make it easier.    Ms. Granger. We really do, and so anything that we can do from the Congress to help speed that up or make it smoother, please let us know, because we understand. I always go back to Egypt. And when they had the uprising in Egypt, you know, everything just shut down. There was no communication except military to military, because they were using our equipment and we trained their pilots. And so we kept that going and knew what was happening that way. And we really need to do everything we can to make it faster and smoother.    Thank you both very much.    Ms. Granger. Thank you, and thank all three of you for being here and for serving so well and the people that you represent. I had an amazing opportunity yesterday and I know you did too, to go to the White House to see the Congressional Medal of Honor awarded to Edward Byers. And you talked about the right people. There couldn't be anyone more right than that man and his enormous courage. So what it did to me, you know, when you do something like that you say, okay, am I doing everything I can do to support?    And so we need to be always aware of the people that serve, and make sure they have the equipment also, the right equipment and the right people. You talk about readiness, and it took me a while on this subcommittee before I realized that readiness is not the same everywhere for all of the branches.    So could you explain, specifically, when you just--you talked about it--but on those top priorities, what is the readiness and what does it mean to the Navy, and then what does it mean to the Marine Corps? Looking at those things that you think are so important, and how do our budget shortfalls affect those priorities? Admiral.    Ms. Granger. Thank you.    General Neller. Representative Granger, thanks for the question. As the CNO said, readiness is kind of a compilation of a bunch of different variables. People, training, equipment, the readiness or maintenance of that equipment, ammunition, transport. I mean, the term that we use in talking to the chairman is joint comprehensive readiness. And that is more of the joint force. So, long story short, 15 years of war, no longer have large numbers deployed, still have Marines and sailors serving with Marines deployed, and the readiness of the force was, you know, was somewhat degraded. It is much easier to recover the ground side of readiness, than it is ship readiness or heavy industrial base things like airplanes.    So if you asked me today what is the readiness of your Marine Corps, I would say on the ground side, it is trending up. We would, as a goal, like to have 80 percent of our units ready to go. We are not quite there, particularly on the aviation side. The Congress has given us $5 billion to reset our ground equipment. We have got about 79 percent of that complete, and about 50 percent of that equipment is back to the force.    So, I am not where we want us--where I want us to be or where we want to be, but we are trending the right way. Aviation is a little different story. It is a long part of sequestration, part of long flight hours, part of not bringing stuff back as fast, to reset it as we should have, the F-35 being late.    So our aviation readiness is really my number one concern. We don't have enough airplanes that we would call ready basic aircraft. That means we are not getting enough flight hours. People join the aviation community to fly. So we have a plan, and we are also in the midst of recapitalization of every model type series. And each of those aircraft are in different places. MV-22, probably the furthest ahead; the CH-53, just beginning the process.    So we have a plan. I think we have kind of reached the bottom of this trough of readiness. Last week, the CNO and I went out to the fleet readiness center at North Island in California where they refurbish F/A-18s. They are making progress. There has been money put into that. But I hate to say money is something that can fix it, but it is money and time. And so, we are confident that over time, this is going to get fixed. So you add procurement, you add refurbishment, we need to get more airplanes on the ramp so people can fly and maintain their training readiness. So not where we want to be, but we are trending the right way, but it is not going to be something that happens tomorrow.    Ms. Granger. Well said. Thank you very much.    Ms. Granger. Thank you. Mr. Secretary, several years ago, some time ago, the administration announced the pivot to Asia and a congressional delegation went to Darwin, Australia a year or so later to see what kind of change had been made at that base. I don't--well, I know we are responding now to the Chinese aggression and militarization in that area, but did I miss it? I can't see that there is anything else that went along with the pivot. Did I just miss it, or am I correct?    Ms. Granger. Thank you.    Ms. Granger. Thank you both for being here, and thank you for your service. It is exceptional, and we appreciate it very much.    General Welsh, on your retirement, I hope we get to see some of you in Texas. I look forward to that.    General Welsh. You will, ma'am.    Ms. Granger. And, Secretary James, thank you.    The Army recently released a report of the National Commission on the Future of the Army, and that was similar to a product to the Air Force which was released several years ago. As part of the report, a sizable drawdown of forces was announced.    I know you mentioned this in your openings remarks, but go over it one more time, what a right-size Air Force looks like in terms of military end strength. And how are you best incorporating the Air National Guard and the Air Force Reserve?    Ms. Granger. Thank you.    Yesterday, we had a hearing, and we talked about maternity leave for women in the military and having a situation where they are more likely to stay in and come back and not lose that asset.    When you talk about the pilots and the training and how many you have to train and making sure you have the right people, I know you are also looking at how to keep the right people. Because that training and losing them to the airlines and training again is so incredibly costly.    So do you see changes in the future? Are you looking at things that would keep them in longer?    Ms. Granger. General Welsh, do you have anything to add from your many years of service on retaining our talent?    General Welsh. Yes, ma'am. We have always retained enough talent to remain a great Air Force, and I think we will in the future.    There are always going to be people whose time has come to separate. Their family needs more stability. They have a different career goal in mind in a different arena. Those people will serve honorably, they will leave, we will congratulate them and be very proud they stood beside us.    There are other people who are going to stay in because they love the Air Force, they don't want to leave, they just want to keep doing what they are doing.    And then there are some in the middle who are wavering one way or the other, who typically enjoy the job, enjoy the work they are doing, whether it is flying or anything else, but they are frustrated by something. It could be not enough hours at the child development center, it could be not enough flying time, it could be any numbers of things. And what we have tried to focus on is identifying those things that would make a difference to the people who are on the fence and try and keep them in.    For anybody who is leaving, we have tried very hard to get the information out to them so they can go to the Guard or Reserve. Because if we keep them in the Guard and Reserve, we keep them in the Air Force. It really is one Air Force when it comes right down to it, and they will be fantastic supporting us in those components.    And so the Active Duty force has to remain strong so the Guard and Reserve can remain strong. So that is where we tend to focus. What are the things that keep those people who are wavering and could go either way in the Air Force? And that is where incentive pay, bonuses, and things do have an impact in that regard, but they are not going to convince everybody. But the ones we are after, they sometimes will keep with us.    Ms. Granger. Thank you very much.    Ms. Granger. Thank you both for being here and for what you are going to do as well as what you have done. The report, General Milley, the report on the National Commission on the Future of the Army was released after you finalized your budget request. So what changes do you see that way? How do you plan to implement the recommendations of the report? And what challenges do you see in implementing them.    General Milley. Thank you, Congresswoman.    We work closely with the Commission. They interviewed lots of commanders, et cetera. So we are very pleased, actually, with that Commission report. So one of the things we have done--we are reviewing it right now, the 63 recommendations. And we have got a very deliberate and rigorous process with a council of colonels and a set of general officer boards that are reviewing it all. And they will come on a weekly basis, each of those recommendations in piece parts, are coming to the Secretary and me. But also Frank Grass is on the decision group that we formed; Tim Kadavy, who is the head of the National Guard, Army National Guard; and also Jeff Talley, who is the head of U.S. Army Reserve, along with our Vice Chief of Staff of the Army. So collectively that group of people, the Secretary through the Vice, we will receive briefings and make decisions on our recommendations to go forward. Congress activated the Commission. All those recommendations will come back to Congress through the Secretary of Defense on what we think of those 63 that we can do.    At this point, preliminary outputs from us, of the 63, it is, round figure, call it about 50ish or so, that we think are very easy to implement, at no cost to implement, or we have already begun implementation and have been doing it for a while. So there is about, call it 50ish, that we think are good. There is a couple that we think are not worthy of pursuing. And then there are about 10 or 15 of those that are significant, we think warrant detailed analysis, and they are expensive. And we will have to come back to you with our thoughts on what those are.    Ms. Granger. Thank you very much. I will save my other questions for another round.    Ms. Granger. Yes, sir.    General Milley. Yeah, just briefly, we made a conscious decision to accept risk in the Gray Eagle program. We like the program. It is manned/unmanned teaming. It is an ISR asset. But we had to make some choices. So you will see it in the UFR list that we submitted to the Joint Staff and the Secretary of Defense for their review. And it will come over to Congress. But it is an important program. We think it is a valuable asset to our fielded forces. We want it. But we had to make some tough choices, as the Secretary said.    Ms. Granger. No.    Ms. Granger. Thank you all for being here today, and thank you for your service. I hope you know that we appreciate it and we depend on it.    I have a question for General Grass.    We often discuss end strength and our concerns about reductions. However, the topic of Full-Time Support is often left out of that discussion. You brought it up and mentioned it in your opening remarks, and I appreciate that.    But the numbers are really startling. A total of 2,350 Full-Time Support cuts in fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2016. Fiscal year 2017, the budget proposes an additional reduction of 1,207.    Can you give us more of an insight of what the impact will be on that and the importance of Full-Time Support?    General Grass. Congresswoman, first of all, it is a foundational principle that the full-time manning is what makes us click at home. Last week, you know, in Texas--you can pick any State--the first individuals in that armory, to open that armory for responding in the homeland are going to be the full-time staff. They have the keys, they have the logbooks.    If you look to the future and as we reduce these numbers, there will be less people at those armories to open those doors in the homeland mission. The same folks are the folks every day that are working to get units ready to go overseas for our 10,000 Army and Air Guardsmen that are deployed overseas. They are taking care of those families of those deployed when issues arrive. They are working with the recruiters to put people in. They are working pay issues. So they are a foundational readiness producer for us.    What we have seen is it is the largest pot of money. So, as we take reductions, it is the one account that we have to take money out of to be able to, you know, across the board, be able to pay our bills. We are very concerned right now of dropping below the 2016 levels. As you mentioned, ma'am, 1,207 more positions in 2017 we would lose out of those armories.    We started the ramp that we are on today, we started that in about the 2000-2001 timeframe. And that was built by a study that was done by the Army, and it was looking at transforming, you know, our old traditional style of Guard weekend to a more modern operational force. So that was done even before the war started.    And all we are asking is to kind of get to about a 70-percent level. We are just under that today. And if we could maintain a 70-percent level, we feel that it is adequate spending. I mean, it is money well spent for the Guard. But, also, if we are going to remain operational, as we are today, we have got to have those individuals in those armories.    Ms. Granger. Thank you.