    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Let me just very quickly, if I could--is anything in this treaty so far that you understand, would that prevent or is an agreement by the mullah regime in Iran not to purchase a nuclear weapon from another source?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. You don't know. Yes.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I understand. No--yes or no?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. No? Okay. Well, that is the answer then, isn't it? The answer is <greek-l>is  deg.here we are focusing everybody's attention on a nuclear treaty with this mullah--repressive corrupt bloody mullah regime when in fact even if we get the agreement and even if they abide by the agreement they can buy a nuclear weapon from Korea or from some--how about Pakistan or some oligarch who happens to have gotten away with it as the Soviet Union was collapsing.    This focus, Mr. Chairman, on this treaty has done a great disservice to the people of the United States. It is giving us a false sense of security that it will mean something even if it is abided by in terms of the mullah regime which, of course, doesn't feel they have to keep their word to people like us.    Even if they do keep their word on the treaty they can easily obtain a nuclear weapon. Thus, during this time period all of these years that we have spent negotiating with the mullah regime they were playing us for suckers because we have refrained from helping those people--those many people in Iran who would struggle to rid themselves of the mullah regime's oppression.    There are Hazars. There are Baluch. There are Kurds. There are millions of young Persians who hate the oppression of this regime but yet because we have focused--we have let them focus on this treaty, which won't have any impact on whether or not the mullahs can get a nuclear weapon, we have been able--they have been able to prevent us from helping those people in their own society establish a government that will not want to have a nuclear weapon and will stop oppressing their own people.    This has been a great detriment to the security of the United States and the well-being of the West. I am beside myself when I hear this because we have spent so much time and so much effort in this when, indeed, we could have been helping the Baluch, we could have been helping the Hazaris, we could have been helping the young Persians, we could have been helping the Kurds and we could have rid ourselves of this--of this problem.    Mr. Chairman, we haven't even been able to confront the mullah regime in these last few years with their oppression of these people in the MEK, who are a democratic alternative to the mullah regime. But yet we haven't even been able to get ourselves to champion that cause.    I think this whole issue has been a big loser for the United States and I think that it is giving us a false sense of security. I would hope we wake up and figure that out. If any of the witnesses have a comment on that please go ahead.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Let me associate myself with Mr. Smith's questioning. If indeed you have a regime that is so brutal to their own people--these are their own citizens, people that they murder and they brutalize people and they have, of course--believe they have a right from God to control this territory--any regime like that there is no reason why--I don't see why there is any reason for us to believe their word even if they write it down on a piece of paper that they are going to do something that is beneficial to us and they are going to refrain from doing something--from doing something that is harmful to us because they have given their word.    When they murder their own people, why should we--this is an act--this whole effort is an act of futility. We should be doing what worked with Ronald Reagan and the Soviet Union which is aiding those people through what he called the Reagan Doctrine who would--who will fight those people who are the enemy of freedom around the world.    And we can help those people internally and we should have been doing it all along when it comes to Iran.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.