    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. The subcommittee will come to order. Chairman Duncan is attending to a family emergency and has asked me to chair today's meeting in his place. We wish him and his family well.    After recognizing myself and my good friend, Ranking Member Sires, for 5 minutes, each for our opening statements, I will then recognize other members who might seek recognition for 1 minute. We will then hear from our witnesses.    Thank you ladies for being here. Without objection, the witnesses' prepared statements will be made a part of the record. Members may have 5 days to insert statements and questions for the record subject to the length limitation in the rules. The chair now recognizes herself for 5 minutes.    As we scrutinize the Fiscal Year 2016 budget proposals for the Western Hemisphere, we must fully analyze how we are advancing U.S. interests in the region. While the administration may condemn human rights violations, attacks on the press, and biased judicial systems, it still continues to placate to rogue regimes in the Hemisphere who face zero consequences.    In Nicaragua, Daniel Ortega is running for a third term after pushing through constitutional changes to allow consecutive re-elections in violation of the Nicaraguan constitution. Ortega is using the facade of the Canal Project to be able to fund money to his own pockets and possibly expropriate lands along the canal. In December, the Nicaraguan people who live along the canal protested the project and were met with repression and violence at the hands of the Ortega regime. Ecuador's Rafael Correa and Bolivia's Evo Morales are already in their third terms after manipulating the legislatures and rewriting the constitution and election laws in their countries for their own political agenda. At the same time, Correa and Morales have kicked out USAID in their countries causing USAID to be timid in closed societies throughout the Hemisphere and hurting its mission.    Argentina's Cristina Kirchner is currently being investigated for her possible involvement in covering up Iran's role in the 1994 AMIA bombing even as more questions arise surrounding the murder of Alberto Nisman.    And in Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro has run the economy almost completely into the ground while quashing dissent, violating the human rights of the Venezuela people on a daily basis. Although Maduro and his thugs have finally been sanctioned by the administration, it only occurred because this committee and Congress strongly pushed for those punitive actions to be taken.    The common theme in all of these countries, other than the greed, corruption, and thirst for power, is the manner in which these leaders have stayed in control and suppressed civil society. It is a playbook learned from Cuba, the same Cuba with which the President has reversed decades of U.S. policy and has given away almost all of our leverage in return for nothing.    Dictators in the region have learned from and studied the methods of the Castro brothers. They have learned how to control the media, silence the opposition, and they have learned how to impose their will by instilling fear in people. They have learned the elections, even corrupt and illegitimate elections, are often enough to appease the international community and for critics to look the other way, knowing that once they are in power they can just change the rules of the game without consequences.    They know that the Organization of American States despite its inter-American democratic charter will do nothing to hold them accountable. And they know that the Obama administration will continue trying to appease and engage, hoping that if they keep playing nice then maybe these tyrants will stop taking advantage of them.    People in Latin America are crying out for the United States to finally stand up and say loudly and clearly that we know that leaders are manipulating the democratic process and are repressing fundamental human rights, and they want us to do everything in our power to hold those leaders accountable.    As we examine the budget, I am concerned that it does not reflect those priorities. Democracy and governance programs in Latin America are always on the chopping block when funds are needed at State and USAID and this is unacceptable.    In Central America I question whether or not our Embassies and host countries are prepared to handle such a large increase in funding from one fiscal year to another. In Cuba, I am concerned that the $20 million requested by the administration will be undermined by the misguided normalization talks, and the implementation of these democracy programs may be in jeopardy due to the demands from Havana.    In Venezuela that is desperately and increasingly in need of assistance, I am concerned that the administration has not requested more resources to help civil society. In Haiti with elections around the corner, I do not understand why we cut INCLE funds in half when so much assistance is needed for the Haitian National Police as we gear up for the upcoming elections.    We must ensure that we are funding priorities and addressing the root causes of problems throughout the Hemisphere on the governance and security fronts. Drug trafficking is a key piece of terrorist financing and we must have reliable partners with whom we can work to disrupt narcoterror networks and transnational criminal groups.    The administration must work harder to hold bad actors responsible, whether that is through increased pressure at international organizations, through bilateral relations or additional sanctions and blocking of assets. And we should be stepping up our democracy and governance programs in response to regional challenges rather than withdrawing when the going gets tough.    And with that, I am pleased to yield to my good friend from New Jersey, the ranking member Mr. Sires.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    And so now we would like to welcome our witnesses. We are so proud of our witnesses today. We welcome back a good friend of all of us in the Foreign Affairs Committee and especially this subcommittee, Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Roberta Jacobson. Assistant Secretary Jacobson previously served as Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Western Hemisphere Affairs, senior coordinator for the Citizen Security Initiatives in the Western Hemisphere, and Deputy Assistant Secretary for Canada, Mexico and NAFTA issues for the Bureau. Welcome, Roberta.    We also want to welcome another good friend, Acting Assistant Administrator Elizabeth Hogan with USAID's Latin America and Caribbean Bureau. Ms. Hogan is also serving as Senior Deputy Assistant Administrator for the region and has previously served as director of the Haiti Task Team. Welcome back.    So Ms. Jacobson, we will begin with you. Madam Ambassador.    Ambassador Jacobson. Thank you, Madam Chair. Thank you very much for this opportunity to testify on the Fiscal Year 2016 request for U.S. assistance to the Western Hemisphere. Madam Chair, I know that you and members of this subcommittee are as pleased as I am that by almost every available metric the United States remains an influential actor and vital partner in the region because we all recognize the importance of this Hemisphere to our national interest.    The Obama administration's policy aims to forge equal partnerships with the countries of Latin America and the Caribbean that build on the promising destiny of this Hemisphere based first and foremost on shared values.    I would like to submit my written testimony for the record and not take up much of your time to get to your questions.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Without objection.    Ambassador Jacobson. Our top priorities in the region, jobs and prosperity, education and innovation, energy cooperation, and promoting democratic values have a direct impact on the daily lives of Americans. We are focused on improving citizen security with more comprehensive policies that better the lives of our citizens with lessons learned at home and in Latin America and the Caribbean, whether it is in Silicon Valley on innovation or Colombia on citizen security. Thus, the administration's 2016 foreign assistance request for the Western Hemisphere is a 34.7-percent increase from 2014.    We realize that in areas of the Americas there were needed additional sustained attention if they were to achieve some of the remarkable growth and social progress we have seen elsewhere. Just over half the total request supports the U.S. strategy for engagement in Central America. Last summer's spike in migration was a clear signal that serious and longstanding challenges in Central America remain and may be worsening. To change this trend we must address the underlying factors driving migration or be prepared for this tragedy to repeat itself ad infinitum with ultimately higher impact and cost to the United States.    Over the past years of implementing our Central America Regional Security Initiative, we have learned a great deal about what works and what doesn't work on security in Central America, and our $1 billion assistance request for Central America builds on all of that knowledge. It represents a significant increase from previous years, but what we know for certain is that the cost of investing now in Central America's security and prosperity pales in comparison to the cost of addressing migration challenges here at home.    Beyond Central America it would be shortsighted even in tough budget times not to maintain investments in priority programs that are working. For Mexico, the request includes $119 million to continue support for the Merida Initiative. Mexico was a critical partner last summer in the effort to stem the flow of migration to the United States and nearly every week it captures important drug traffickers, but serious security challenges have persisted and therefore our request advances Mexico's efforts to strengthen the rule of law, combat corruption and protect human rights.    In Colombia, all eyes are on whether the peace process can bring an end to Latin America's longest running conflict but we can't take our eye off the ball, and so our request includes $288.7 million to support Colombia's efforts to secure the rule of law and support sustainable development.    We must continue our efforts in the Caribbean or our third border. Our request includes $241.6 million for Haiti and $53\1/2\ million for the Caribbean Basin Initiative to reduce rates of crime and violence which threaten both the U.S. and Caribbean security.    Peru is now the world's largest producer of cocaine, and the government will need our help to change that trajectory. Last year I visited coca fields being eradicated and alternative development projects where a decade ago when I served in Peru no American could venture due to the danger of leftist violence. And I know that we have an unusual opportunity of government political will, a model proven to work and local populations eager for our help.    This request maintains important support for freedom of the press, human rights and democracy in the Hemisphere, including in those states in which we have seen the greatest backsliding. U.S. assistance that supports our policy makes a direct difference in the lives of citizens throughout the Hemisphere and benefits the national interests of the United States. And I look forward to your questions, thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much. Thank you to both of our witnesses for being here and for your testimony and your written remarks.    Before I begin my question, on behalf of Chairman Duncan I would like to state that the State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development, USAID, did not provide this committee, for the Fiscal Year 2015, country and regional funding estimates for Western Hemisphere countries nor updates on allocated funds or disbursed funds, even though the committee staff requested multiple times that your agencies provide this information. If you could please make a note of that.    The subcommittee is also requesting the remaining funds in the pipeline for major programs such as the Mexico Merida Initiative, the Central America Regional Security Initiative, and the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative. We would like to reiterate publicly those requests for this information, if you could get it to the subcommittee promptly.    I would also like to add that at last week's full committee hearing I asked USAID to provide the committee with a breakdown of how much foreign aid in the Western Hemisphere is going directly, specifically, toward democracy and governance program. So thank you, both of you ladies, for heeding those requests.    I have some questions on Cuba, on Venezuela, and closed societies. Assistant Secretary Jacobson, as you know, one of the three laws with which the Secretary of State designates a state sponsor of terrorism is the Export Administration Act. It defines a state sponsor of terrorism as one which has ``repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism'' to include ``the recurring use of any part of the territory of the country as a sanctuary for terrorists or terrorist organizations.''    So I ask you, does the Cuban regime provide a sanctuary for the FARC and ETA?    Ambassador Jacobson. Thank you, Madam Chair. We certainly have said that they have in the past, and we are undertaking the review now as to whether that has continued.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. What would lead you to believe that it has not continued?    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, I think one of the things that we would be looking at is what the situation is right now, and certainly we would be consulting as well as looking at our own information with the governments from which those groups come, the Governments of Colombia and of Spain from which those organizations come, and as well as looking at our own information. But we have to look at all of the information that we can gather on whether or not sanctuary is provided to terrorist organizations.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Do we consider FARC to be a terrorist organization?    Ambassador Jacobson. I believe they remain on the terrorist list, but as you know they are also involved in peace talks with the Colombian Government.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And do we consider ETA to be a terrorism organization?    Ambassador Jacobson. I honestly haven't checked whether they are still on the terrorist list. They may well be. They also have given up military operations and there have been some dialogues with the Cuban Government by the Spanish Government.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And has Spain requested some of those individuals who have been involved in activities against their government to be sent back to Spain to stand trial?    Ambassador Jacobson. It is my understanding that there have been some requests for extradition.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And probably that request is because Spain considers them to be terrorists.    Ambassador Jacobson. There are judicial actions against some members of that----    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Right. I would say that the Cuban regime provides sanctuary for FARC and ETA, and I don't know how else that could be classified. But we look forward to getting that review from you.    Is the Cuban regime providing safe haven and granting political asylum to U.S. fugitives like JoAnne Chesimard who is on the Most Wanted Terrorist list of the United States?    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, it is my understanding that JoAnne Chesimard has been in Cuba for many years, and they certainly have provided her--she has been living there for a long time. I don't know exactly what her status is there but--     Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. But the U.S. does consider her, she is placed on the Most Wanted Terrorist list.    Ambassador Jacobson. She is on the FBI's Most Wanted list. I am sorry, but you will have to ask the FBI or the Justice Department whether that is per classification there. She is wanted for homicide, I know, certainly. I am certainly familiar with the case and we have raised it with the Cubans every time we see them. We will continue to----    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And was the Cuban regime caught red-handed sending weapons to North Korea in a North Korea frigate in violation of U.N. international sanctions?    Ambassador Jacobson. Certainly with that incident we certainly have, that incident did occur with a North Korean freighter that was carrying weapons. It was carrying weapons from, and arms and defense materials from Cuba.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. In violation of international, U.N. international----    Ambassador Jacobson. U.N. Sanctions Committee did say that that was a violation of the sanctions regime and sanctioned the company and the ship.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. So it is hard to not conclude, because the definition in our law as a state sponsor of terrorism, one which has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism to include the recurring use of any part of the territory of the country as a sanctuary for terrorists or terrorist organizations, and it seems like those are very good examples of how Cuba does fall into that category. Where are you in your analysis of Cuba's inclusion on the state sponsor of terrorism list?    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, I think at this time all I can say is that we are continuing that review. We expect to complete that in the next couple of months. The President, as you know, asked the Secretary to do that review and complete it within 6 months of when the President made his announcement in December, and so we are undertaking that with very due diligence and thoroughness. As you know and you have cited, the law is fairly specific. And so we are in the middle of that review.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. So because the law is very specific, I would think that the administration plans to sidestep these key parts of the law in order to lift Cuba from the list. In other words, we are going to say FARC is not a terrorist organization; JoAnne Chesimard, Most Wanted Terrorist list, that is the list she is on; Cuba violated international sanctions, so we are going to re-look at those and classify them in a different way in order to justify----    Ambassador Jacobson. We certainly plan to complete the review, and whatever decision is made it will fully comply with the law.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Not the law as it is written, just as the way that we are now looking at those very groups that before were terrorists and now are part of a peace deal, so no longer terrorists, for example, in the case of the FARC.    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, I don't know that I would qualify them as terrorists or not terrorists. They are still on the foreign terrorist organization list, but they are also engaged in a peace process. So I think that that has to be taken into consideration in a consultation, obviously with the Colombian Government. But as I say, the review is undertaken and will be completed, and any report that is done pro or con in terms of the list will be done in compliance with the law.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much. I have other questions, but I want to turn to Mr. Sires and then we will do a second round. Mr. Sires is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. Thank you so much.    Congresswoman Kelly, my good friend from Illinois.    Ms. Kelly of Illinois. Thank you. I had a couple of questions. You talked about, even though I know there is a lot of work to do, but you talked about where you have been successful as far as stopping or slowing down gang violence, and economic growth and those kind of things. I was just curious. Do you have a certain playbook that you follow or guidelines and things like that?    And the reason I ask that question is because of some parts of the Chicago-land area that I cover and some of the very problems you are talking about we have every day in Chicago. And I believe it was today, or maybe yesterday, I read eight shot, four dead. You know the story, I am sure. So I was just interested in seeing your playbook and what you do, because we need some of that. I am not saying stop it there, but we need it in some parts of where I cover also.    Ambassador Jacobson. I think that in the end there are lessons learned that go both ways. And I am going to turn this over to Beth who has the experience of the AID programs, but from my experience working both on the INL programs, the narcotics and law enforcement programs, and with AID, there are a couple of things that we know work quite well.    Quite honestly, the biggest overall focus has to be getting into the communities, not staying in police headquarters and in the cities and the central government. We know that model police precincts work. When we go into the communities putting in 24-hour courts and police precincts in the communities and getting their buy-in, we know that crime rates have gone down in those places.    We know that borrowing solutions from U.S. cities where things have worked--anti-gang programs in L.A., some in areas of Chicago, in Boston, have worked. These are some of the same gangs and some of the same solutions. But we also know that buy-in from the communities on community centers and training for young people and anti-gang programs that focus on women can work because these are often female-headed households. So some of those models that have worked on a small level have to be scaled up, and that is where we are focusing.    Ms. Kelly of Illinois. Okay.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Ms. Kelly.    And I am always proud to say my good friend Mr. Castro.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much. We will go to a second round of questions for anyone who has them.    Assistant Secretary Jacobson, although I have questions on Venezuela and closed society I wanted to ask you about something that just happened. The Treasury Department, their Office of Foreign Assets Control, OFAC, has just inexplicably removed approximately 60 Cuba related individuals and entities from its Specially Designated Nationals List. Why were these individuals and entities removed from that list?    Ambassador Jacobson. In the first instance I would really have to direct the question to the Treasury Department since I am not sure exactly what you are referring to. I know that over periods of time Treasury does review its Specially Designated Nationals List for people who may have been deceased or otherwise no longer be active or eligible for that. They may have left Cuba, they may be deceased. There may be reasons that people fall off that list, but I just don't know in this case. I am sorry. We will have to check with Treasury.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Yes. This says Agencia de Viajes Guama Bal Harbour Shopping Center that is in Miami-Dade County, my area; another tour company from Bal Harbour; another tour company Bal Harbour; Kol, K-O-L, Investments Inc., Miami, Florida; Travel Services, Inc., Hialeah, Florida, in my congressional district.    And what I get the feeling is that as in the first round of questions that I had posed to you that we have ordered this review of whether Cuba should be included or not, keep, and the state sponsor of terrorism, and it is a foregone conclusion that review is whether--I know we are still going through it. The conclusion is let us remove Cuba from the list and how do we go about it?    Well, gosh darn it, we have all these laws, so what we do is we no longer consider FARC to be a terrorist organization. We no longer consider JoAnne Chesimard a wanted terrorist no matter what the FBI says. We have to change all of these classifications because we get the verdict first and then the trial. The verdict is Cuba is off the state sponsor of terrorism list so how do we gain this up, how do we gain this up to make it happen?    Here is just yet another example of how we do it. Companies that were in the Specially Designated Nationals List, 60 of them, just got wiped out. No explanation needed because know whoever is in front of us will say, ask the other guys. And then when we get that guy they will say, I don't know, ask someone else.    But the dominoes are lined up and you just have to flick one and you will see it happening. We already know what the verdict is. It is just a matter of when will we announce it. Do you suspect that the announcement will be made when we sing Kumbaya in the April summit in Panama?    Ambassador Jacobson. I don't know when any decision on the state sponsor of terrorism list will be made because obviously that is a decision, a recommendation that will go from the Secretary of State to the President. So I don't know exactly when that will be made. We are now about 2 weeks from the Summit of the Americas, so I am not sure exactly when that will be done and whether we are not conducting the review necessarily with that calendar sort of affecting us. Obviously we are taking the time we need to get it done properly.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Sure. The problem is you don't have a partner in that because Cuba is making it exceedingly difficult for you to label them with the good housekeeping seal of approval.    There was just another shipment, and we talked about the North Korea shipment. But there was another one as you know that was, the last one was under sugar, this one was cereal, and you name it and it was in that shipment. But nothing ever seems to matter. It doesn't matter what Cuba does, they will get that stamp.    But anyway moving on to Venezuela, many of us were relieved that finally the administration sanctioned eight Venezuelan officials for human rights violations based on the law that we passed, and we thank Senators Rubio and Menendez for their work, and Mr. Cruz, on the Senate side. However, given the fact that the Obama administration has given a lifeline to the Castro regime, should we prepare for the administration to take the same approach and provide a lifeline to Maduro? His economy is spiraling downward.    I don't know what Cuba merited, I don't know how it merited to get this olive branch other than free a totally innocent man who they held illegally for 5 years. So should we prepare that maybe the administration will be easing off on Maduro?    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, I think, Madam Chair, I would say that from some of the commentary I have seen around the Hemisphere, some people think we just gave Maduro a lifeline, since the reaction to the sanctions has been fairly negative, and allowed him unfortunately to proliferate his narrative that this is about the U.S. and Venezuela. And it is not.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And before we sanctioned it what was his narrative?    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, it has always been that.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Correct.    Ambassador Jacobson. You are exactly right.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Okay, so it doesn't matter what we do.    Ambassador Jacobson. And he uses any excuse.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Right.    Ambassador Jacobson. Right.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. So then we should not do the right thing because it will----    Ambassador Jacobson. No, no. Absolutely. And that is our argument with many of our allies and colleagues around the Hemisphere that we in fact are not the problem. The problem is Venezuelans need to talk to Venezuelans.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I am banned from going to Nicaragua. What did I do to Nicaragua? Nothing. We found the pull against the Venezuelan human rights violators. Bad guys don't need an excuse, so we should continue to do the right thing.    Ambassador Jacobson. So I don't think at this point--what we have always said is that we are prepared to have a dialogue with Venezuela. We obviously continue to have diplomatic relations with them, but we also have made very clear that there was a dialogue with the opposition last year, there were some agreements that were reached on things the government needed to do and the government didn't complete its side of the bargain. Instead, Leopoldo Lopez is still in jail, Antonio Ledezma has now been put in jail, elections are coming up.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Just like in Cuba, dissidents are still in jail, but in Cuba it is a different approach. I just want to make sure that we shouldn't prepare for any changes in U.S. policy. Cuba did not change. U.S. has changed. But Cuba still continues to repress its citizens and jail opposition leaders, wouldn't you say? Catch and release.    Ambassador Jacobson. Certainly there has been in continued short term detentions, yes.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Okay.    And Ms. Hogan, as the situation further deteriorates in Venezuela the people there need our help more than ever, but the administration's request for Venezuela for next year and years past has remained virtually the same. How can we justify it, sort of a flatline request for democracy and governance in Venezuela as the situation deteriorates yet the request remains the same?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Indeed, thank you. And thank you to the committee members for their indulgence. And just one more area. On closed societies, USAID has been kicked out of closed societies in Latin America, Bolivia, and Ecuador, for example, and has now become so concerned that it will be expelled from a country that it has become timid. Do you worry about that?    I met with Nicaraguan civil society activists that Mr. Sires referred to, last week, and they told us that USAID is so worried about being kicked out of Nicaragua that programs have been curtailed and some are being used to actually support the Sandinista regime according to them. So what is the point of this Latin America and Caribbean Bureau at USAID if we do not want to fulfill the democracy and governance obligation? Is USAID getting too timid to perform its duties? Should we channel that money to NED or DRL, groups that are not afraid of working in closed societies?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much. Thank you to both, and thanks to the members for their time. Mr. Sires is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much, Mr. Sires.    And thank you, Mr. DeSantis, and you are recognized for as much time as you would like to consume.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. DeSantis. And we thank our witnesses for being here. And if I could reiterate the subcommittee chairman's request and our request as well for the documentation, thank you. And with that the subcommittee is adjourned.