    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for calling today's very important hearing.    As I said at our first hearing on the London embassy project back in July of last year, our diplomats overseas deserve the most secure embassies in the world. Today, a year and a half later, I am pleased that experts from the State Department and its construction contractor have confirmed that this project is meeting all security specifications, including for the glass curtain wall that is being built to comply with all of the required security standards.    The recent attacks in Paris, as well as those here in the United States, remind us that we face threats not only in high-risk locations like Afghanistan. And, of course, London has been the victim of its own horrific terrorist attacks, including the 2005 suicide bomb attacks against the public transit system that killed 52 people, as well as the stabbing last Friday, the details of which are still being investigated. As the President discussed in his speech Sunday night, the terrorist threats continue to evolve here and abroad.    In Assistant Secretary Starr's written testimony today, he highlights the Department's efforts to research, develop, and evaluate new and innovative methods in order to protect our people in the face of this ever-changing threat. In addition to meeting all of the required security standards, construction of the London embassy remains on budget and on schedule according to the State Department.    In her written testimony at today's hearing, Lydia Muniz, the director of the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations, states that this project, and I quote, ``is on budget and on schedule to be completed at the end of 2016,'' end of quote.    Some people may not know this, but this entire project is being funded through proceeds from the sale of our existing embassy property in London, meaning that this project has posed no additional cost to the United States taxpayers. Meeting security, budget, and schedule milestones during such a large-scale and complex project is no small feat. The Department has a rigorous construction schedule so that it can move our personnel from the existing outdated embassy to the new facility as quickly as possible.    I also want to thank the inspector general for being here today and for the work of his office in ensuring that funding is being used judiciously on this project. We've come a long way since the massive cost overruns and delays we saw in the construction of the U.S. Embassy in Iraq during the previous administration. However, we must always strive to continue improving our processes. So I thank the inspector general for his report, and I look forward to hearing about any remaining concerns that may still need to be addressed with regard to this project.    The new embassy currently being built in London will have more stringent security features than found in many other high-profile buildings throughout the world, including the building we are sitting in right here today in Washington, D.C. These features include blast resistant setbacks from the street, anticlimb barriers, and a number of other specifications.    Today, I hope our State Department witnesses will discuss all of these issues. But I also hope they will address one more. While we must ensure that our diplomats serving overseas have secure facilities, we also have to make sure they are able to do their jobs. According to press reports, many diplomats are concerned that the United States will not be well served by preventing our diplomats from being able to interact abroad. They are concerned that a fortress mentality will impair their work.    So, in addition to addressing security concerns, which are paramount, I hope our witnesses here today will also discuss how they plan for the new embassy to operate in a way that maximizes the functions of our critical international diplomacy while keeping our diplomats safe.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Starr, let's be clear, you had said that the pictures were taken, according to the dates, in 2014. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And your certification came in 2013. Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. Now, were there a series of tests leading up to the major blast test?    Mr. Cummings. Can you explain that? Because we need to--I need to understand exactly what goes into the certification process. If you can do it briefly.    Mr. Cummings. All right. Now, there has been a lot of discussion about how the London embassy will look rather than how it will function. But if you're sitting inside the embassy, whether it has a glass wall or cement wall or some other wall, the issue is the same, you want to know that you are protected. Am I right?    Mr. Cummings. Is your mic on?    Mr. Cummings. So I would like to clarify. So there's no remaining doubt that the new London embassy will protect the men and women who work there. Is the new London embassy project meeting all the State Department security requirements to date?    Mr. Cummings. Now, Ms. Muniz, would you agree with that?    Mr. Cummings. Now, the glass curtain wall of the building has been an issue for us for some time on this committee. So I would like to be clear on that wall. Mr. Starr, does the glass wall surrounding the embassy structure meet all the State Department-specified security requirements?    Mr. Cummings. Has it passed all the requirement in the blast test?    Mr. Cummings. Director Muniz, does the glass wall support the structure of the building or is it an external layer of protection?    Mr. Cummings. All right. And are you confident in the performance of all the components of the wall, including the panels, the fasteners, and other materials?    Mr. Cummings. Are you, Mr. Starr?    Mr. Cummings. All right. The Department's security requirements include certain features that all new embassies must meet, including setbacks from the street of at least 100 feet, anticlimb and antiram features, and other physical properties. Is that right, Mr. Starr?    Mr. Cummings. In addition to these standard baseline requirements, you testified in your previous hearing on July 9 that you also adapt security requirements depending on the context, the threat, and the environment in each case. For example, for our facility in Afghanistan, you stated, and I quote, ``We constantly examine our security methods to adapt to an evolving threat environment.'' You also said that you, and I quote, ``scrutinize the environment in Afghanistan, our security footing, to seize opportunities to improve security where possible,'' end of quote. Now, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. How do you go about doing that?    Mr. Cummings. When you're looking at what happened in Paris, is there anything--and I don't want to get into any kind of secret information--but is there anything that we could learn from that that would affect the embassy, the building of the embassy, at all?    Mr. Cummings. Because of the type of attack, I take it.    Mr. Cummings. I got you. And does the new London embassy project meet both the overall security standards and any environment-specific requirements you believe are necessary?    Mr. Cummings. Do you agree, Ms. Muniz?    Mr. Cummings. Now, Mr. Linick, you've heard all of this, my line of questioning. Do you disagree with anything that has been said by either Mr. Starr or Ms. Muniz?    Mr. Cummings. Very well. Very well.    One other thing, Mr. Starr. Yesterday--I'm going back to the Paris incident--but yesterday I had to do a speech at a building directly across the street from the FBI building. And while I was waiting to park, I just noticed that there are just, I mean, just lines of cameras, which I would have expected, in front of that building and all around it as a matter of fact, cameras everywhere. And I was just thinking about the Paris piece. I mean, do we--do you all worry about those kinds of attacks at all?    Mr. Cummings. Now, can you talk briefly about this $42 million? That's a lot of money. I mean, Americans looking at this would say, you know, $42 million overrun--is that right, Mr. Linick, is that the right, proper description of it, the $42 million, do you want to call them change orders? What do you want to call them?    Mr. Cummings. Would you comment on that, Ms. Muniz? Either one of you?    Mr. Cummings. Do you have a comment on that, Mr. Starr?    Mr. Cummings. Can you all get your numbers together then? I mean, it sounds like you're saying one thing, Mr. Linick, she's saying another. She's talking about 30 under, you're talking about 42 over. Hello?    Mr. Cummings. Yes, Ms. Muniz?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Will the gentleman yield just for a second?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman, you just hit on a very important point. It seems as if you have one understanding and you have another, Mr. Linick. And some kind of way, we've got to come together or we're going to be going through this process over and over again. It seems--would you agree, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Cummings. I think that's very important that we figure out how do we get on the same page with regard to understanding the law and the regulations.    Is that--Ms. Muniz?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you for yielding.    Mr. Cummings. I just want to make sure we're clear now. You all--Mr. Starr, you're going to be providing us--I was out of the room in a meeting when you, apparently, said this--that you were going to be providing us with all the security requests from the regional security offices within the next 2 weeks. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Okay. And you all are also going to try to see if you can get on the same page here.    How do you plan to try to do that, Ms. Muniz?    Mr. Cummings. And are you agreeable to try to do that, Mr. Linick?    Mr. Cummings. Very well.    I want to thank you all for being here today. I appreciate your testimony. We, of course, have our concerns. We are always concerned about cost, even though we know how this is pretty much paid for by the swap or whatever you want to call it, but the fact--the sale of the properties, our properties overseas over in London, in England. But we're also very concerned, as always, about security. And I think the frustration that you heard from the chairman, I think a lot of that is about the frustration of trying to make sure that we're doing it right, so that cross all our t's and dot our i's.    So, anyway, but thank you all for being here, and I look forward to working with you.