    Mr. Byman. Madam Chairman, Ranking Member Deutch, members of the committee, thank you very much for having me here today.    Hezbollah is in a time of transition and this is in large part because of the Syrian civil war. Hezbollah forces have been involved in several of the most important battles in the war and they have proven a vital ally to the Syrian regime due to their skill and their discipline, which are often much greater than those of the Syrian army forces.    Hezbollah has had to expand the overall size of its military wing, and although it was cautious about entering the fray, many Lebanese Shi'a now see it as a defender of their community.    They look at the atrocities that the Islamic State is perpetrating against their co-religionists and believe that a strong Hezbollah is necessary to protect their community.    We see extreme voices within the Lebanese Sunni community including jihadists tied to the Islamic State or al-Nusra, al-Qaeda's affiliate. They see Hezbollah as the leading or top foe they face and they've conducted terrorist attacks on Hezbollah targets in Lebanon and Iranian targets there as well.    Perhaps the biggest negative consequence for Hezbollah though has been the collapse of its regional reputation and the associated prestige it's had in the Arab world.    Almost 10 years ago in 2006, Hassan Nasrallah was one of the most popular men in the Arab world for Hezbollah's military efforts against Israel.    Today, he's widely hated. Hezbollah's involvement in the Syrian civil war has largely made it more cautious about taking on Israel. It's taken close to 1,000 causalities and that's a huge number for a relative small group, and this is putting a strain on the organization.    In addition, the organization's Lebanese constituents have little appetite for yet another confrontation, yet another draining conflict.    This could change, though, for several reasons. One is that if there are setbacks in Lebanon or elsewhere the group would have an incentive to restore its past reputation, and fighting Israel might be one way to do so.    Also, Israel regularly attacks Hezbollah targets in Syria and Lebanon to stop the transfer of advanced weapons, as Tony mentioned, and these strikes have at times killed senior Hezbollah officials and even a senior Iranian official.    This has the potential to escalate though, fortunately, we haven't seen that happen yet. And finally, Hezbollah is loyal to Iran and if there were a collapse in the U.S.-Iran nuclear deal or another source of tension, Hezbollah would be seen as part of the Iranian response.    In my judgement, the close relationship between Hezbollah and Iran is not likely to change with the U.S.-Iran nuclear deal. It is possible that Iran might step up support to Hezbollah, taking advantage of the sanctions relief. But at the same time we must recognize that Iran is diplomatically over stretched.    It's deploying considerable forces in Syria to prop up the Assad regime. It maintains a large and clandestine force in Iraq and it's even established limited ties to the Houthis in Yemen. These are considerable financial commitments.    You couple that at home with the collapse in oil prices and add to that decades of economic mismanagement and this has all come at the same time when ordinary Iranians are expecting an increase in economic prosperity due to the deal.    So those sanctions relief will put more money into Iran's coffers. Iran has many, many demands on these scarce funds and in my judgement the level of support for Hezbollah is not likely to change significantly barring a significant change in the regional situation.    For the United States we face a dilemma. Washington, of course, doesn't want Hezbollah's influence to grow. But at the same time, Hezbollah is one of the most formidable foes of the Islamic State and it is fighting the group effectively in Syria.    A standard recommendation is to build up the Lebanese Armed Forces and to otherwise strengthen the Lebanese state to help it counter Hezbollah and I've argued that for quite some time.    For the most part, though, I think we need to recognize that U.S. efforts to do this have failed. In part, this is linked to some general problems with U.S. training programs. But the bigger problem is that Lebanese leaders don't want to exacerbate tension with Hezbollah right now and as a result they're hesitant to go for any efforts to try to push them in that direction.    Part of this is due to fear but Lebanon's situation right now is quite precarious and the country is, I would say, on edge because of the neighboring unrest in Syria.    The million plus Syrian refugees in Lebanon are a potential destabilizing force and I think U.S. aid for the refugees in Lebanon is vital.    We really don't need another failed state in the Middle East and Lebanon, unfortunately, is a fairly strong candidate to be the next one should things get worse.    And finally, as the United States steps up its intervention in Syria and Iraq, continues its efforts to fight Hezbollah, coordination with Israel is going to be essential.    The two countries work well together on this and we need to redouble cooperation to make the most of everything.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Byman. One concern I have is that by the Saudi withdrawal of aid if the U.S. were to reduce support for the Lebanese Armed Forces that the winner would be Hezbollah--that these institutions and Saudi funding that goes to various places in Lebanon have tremendous flaws--overwhelming flaws. But they're better than the alternative, which is an unfettered Hezbollah.    And so I would agree strongly that assessing this regularly is necessary but we should encourage the Saudis to resume their aid.    We want countervailing forces to Hezbollah in Lebanon and I think U.S. ties to Lebanese Armed Forces are also necessary even though we need to recognize that the Lebanese army is going to be limited and that's a very polite way of saying that they're not going to be able to accomplish what we want.    Mr. Byman. I'll only briefly add that I'm very skeptical about the degree to which Russia is going to cease its operations. I think there will be still considerable support and the number of assets that have been redeployed so far have been quite limited.    I will also add, however, that Russia has a visceral distrust and dislike of anything that smacks of Islamic extremism and the Russians are if anything pragmatic but at the same time they see that broader community as quite hostile and they are quite concerned.    Mr. Byman. For most people in the Middle East the primary fight is not between the Islamic State and the United States but rather between the Syrian regime and what we would call the moderate opposition.    It's not a term I love because it means 100 different things. But that said, Hezbollah has been an arm of the Syrian regime, killing its own people including a range of groups supported by the United States which whom we have, I think, reasonable relations and Hezbollah is widely hated in the Sunni Arab world because it is seen as on the side of an oppressive minority regime that has killed several hundred thousand of its own people. It's a staggering number.    Hezbollah's operations against the Islamic State for most people in the region are a footnote to this, right, where some would say that's bad, some would say that's good. But they would focus on their killing of people they regard as much more mainstream and much more heroic figures and much more representative.    So that, to me, is the primary reason for its unpopularity and that's, to me, why so many Arab states that are backing the moderate opposition are against Hezbollah is they see it really as an enemy and a tool of Iran.    Mr. Byman. I think at this point the designation is really a reflection of the political reality on the ground rather than a major shift.    These states have been tremendously against Hezbollah for a while. The designation helps, though, right. It enables us to garner diplomatic support. A number of things that Matt has mentioned, for example, are helped diplomatically by being able to point to a GCC or an Arab League designation to kind of push along agendas we want.    So I think it's a relatively small impact but nevertheless symbolic of a bigger shift.