    Ms. Clark. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to all of the panelists who are with us today. I could not agree more than with the gentleman from Indiana when he said that this is the civil rights issue of our time, access to quality education for every single student, no matter what their income, no matter what their zip code is.    Ms. Merriweather, you have an inspiring story that fits right into that narrative of how do we provide that for every single child in this country. It seems like sometimes we get focused on choice is a way to get us to that goal, but choice is not the goal itself.    Representative Bryan, I was looking at some numbers from North Carolina, and these are rough numbers, but there approximately 120,000 students served in private schools, about 60,000 more in charter schools in North Carolina, and you have approximately 1.5 million school age students, children in North Carolina.    How when you were looking at designing your choice programs--did you look at how we build a system? Obviously, you do not have the capacity or anywhere close to serve the majority of children, so how did you look at designing a system that would actually help every child get that opportunity?    Ms. Clark. Was that your focus, immediate need? Were you looking at all at how to build a system and create opportunities through the system?    Ms. Clark. Do students who apply for a voucher or go into your charter school system need to come from underperforming public schools?    Ms. Clark. That is a requirement for getting a voucher?    Ms. Clark. Okay, and how does that fit in with private schools, as you described, having the freedom not to share information or accountability? How do you build a better system when you do not have that information on how students are faring?    Ms. Clark. How does that feedback from an individual family and parent get back to the public school system where the overwhelming majority of students are?    Ms. Clark. It is really a program based on the individual family, not the school system, not building up all North Carolina schools?    Ms. Clark. Dr. Huerta, have you seen any state or school system that has used the school choice program, whether it is charter, private, voucher, to effectively increase opportunity and quality of the public school system overall? Have you seen any examples of that?    Ms. Clark. That is what I am asking.    Ms. Clark. Thank you very much.