    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, Chairman Smith, and thank you, Ranking Member Johnson, for inviting me to testify today on EPA's regulatory efforts.    The mission of EPA is to protect public health and the environment, and the Agency's regulatory efforts further those goals. We are guided in meeting these goals by science and by the law, which serves as the backbone of each of the Agency's actions. I'll focus my comments today on providing more detail for three rules, which we believe tremendously benefit public health, as well as the environment.    Climate change is one of the greatest environmental and public health challenges that we all face. The most vulnerable among us--including children, older adults, people with heart and lung disease, and people living in poverty--may be the most at risk from the impacts of climate change. Fossil fuel-fired power plants are by far the largest source of U.S. CO<INF>2</INF> emissions. To address these emissions, EPA finalized the Clean Power Plan August 3 of 2015.    While the Clean Power Plan has been stayed by the Supreme Court, we are confident it will be upheld because it rests on a strong foundation of science and the law. Since the stay was issued, many States have begun to move forward voluntarily to cut carbon pollution from power plants. They've also asked EPA to continue our outreach and development of supporting information that will help guide States when the Clean Power Plan becomes effective, which we are doing while ensuring that we fully comply with the stay.    For example, last week, we proposed design details for the optional Clean Energy Incentive Program to address States' request for additional clarification as they consider options to reduce their carbon footprint. In May, EPA announced steps to further reduce methane and other harmful air pollutants from new and modified sources in the oil and gas industry, along with a critical first step in tackling methane emissions from existing sources. These steps will help combat climate change and reduce harmful air pollution.    These standards build on the Agency's 2012 rules by adding requirements that the industry reduce emissions of greenhouse gases and by covering hydraulically fractured oil wells, along with additional equipment and activities that were not covered in the 2012 rules. They also require owners and operators to find and repair leaks, which can be a significant source of emissions.    These final standards reflect significant stakeholder input and in particular provide companies a pathway to demonstrate that requirements under a State rule comparable to requirements in the final rule. This would allow sources to comply with the specific final rule requirement by complying with the State regulation.    As a first step in the regulation of existing sources of methane from the oil and gas sector, we have announced an information collection request that, when finalized, will require companies with existing operations to provide information on technologies and costs that are critical to the development of reasonable and effective regulations. In addition, EPA plans to seek voluntary information on innovative strategies that can accurately and cost-effectively locate, measure, and mitigate methane emissions. The draft ICR was published on June 3, 2016, and the first two public comments for--periods will last for 60 days.    Finally, in October 2015 the Agency completed the periodic review of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, or NAAQS, for ground-level ozone. We have a primary standard directed at protecting public health and a secondary standard directed at protecting public welfare. Exposures to ground-level ozone can harm the respiratory system, aggravate asthma and lung disease, and is linked to premature death. These health impacts pose significant costs on Americans and can adversely affect their daily lives through missed school and work.    The two-step process of a science-based NAAQS review, followed by implementation and a system that works, that is the process that we implement. That is the process the Congress outlined. EPA and State, local, and tribal co-regulators share a long history of successfully managing air quality. For ozone, existing and proposed federal measures like vehicle standards and power plant rules and reducing--are reducing and will continue to further reduce ozone pollution nationwide. We expect that the vast majority of counties outside of California will meet the 2015 ozone NAAQS by 2025 without having to take additional steps beyond these federal measures.    So I again thank the Committee for inviting me to give a statement, as well as to be here today, and I look forward to continuing to work with you and to answer your questions on these and other EPA actions.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, let me just be clear if I could, Mr. Chairman. Our impact analysis that went with the rule indicated just the opposite of what you're saying.    Ms. McCarthy. Let me answer the question----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, it depends on what you're looking at, sir. I don't have it----    Ms. McCarthy. --in front of me, but I will tell you that----    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. Sure.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I believe that we have designed this rule, and it's showing out already that we are following the energy markets. We are not changing the direction in which the market is heading, and as a result, you're going to see this being delivered well--with additional short--small reduction over a very short period of time. You're going to see short reductions, but over the length of this rule, you are going to see significant reductions in greenhouse gases. But also, you're going to see cost savings on the energy side.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I'm----    Ms. McCarthy. --happy to take a look at it, Mr. Chairman. I don't know what the context of their analysis was.    Ms. McCarthy. Very much so but----    Ms. McCarthy. But they do----    Ms. McCarthy. In the past.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't know what you just read, sir. I don't know which one it is----    Ms. McCarthy. --so I'm happy to take a look.    Ms. McCarthy. Is----    Ms. McCarthy. That is exactly opposite of what we believe will happen based on our----    Ms. McCarthy. --independent analysis.    Ms. McCarthy. No----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, no, sir. The Paris agreement was an incredible achievement that changed the direction of the world and is going to ultimately----    Ms. McCarthy. --allow us to have a better climate----    Ms. McCarthy. I think it sets us on it course to work together on a planetary scale to address the biggest----    Ms. McCarthy. --environmental challenge we face.    Ms. McCarthy. I disagree with the way in which----    Ms. McCarthy. --you're characterizing it, Mr. Chairman. With all due respect, it is a tremendous step in the right direction.    Ms. McCarthy. The numbers you're talking about----    Ms. McCarthy. --are actually steps----    Ms. McCarthy. --to be taken by 2020.    Ms. McCarthy. There is not a single----    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, there's not a single country that signed that expecting that the 2020 goals would get us where we need to be.    Ms. McCarthy. It is a step in that direction, and it should provide us an opportunity----    Ms. McCarthy. --to get the necessary reductions.    Ms. McCarthy. I----    Ms. McCarthy. The agreement itself was designed as a step forward.    Ms. McCarthy. It was not designed to produce all of the actions----    Ms. McCarthy. --that will be necessary to address----    Ms. McCarthy. --the challenges.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, you can't make a marathon without getting across the starting line.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't even know what----    Ms. McCarthy. --their--the context of their conclusion is.    Ms. McCarthy. What I do know, sir, is that----    Ms. McCarthy. It's better than we were before, and it's only the first step. We've made a----    Ms. McCarthy. We've made a long-term commitment to get to the reductions that are necessary----    Ms. McCarthy. --to stabilize the----    Ms. McCarthy. We actually don't think it's punishment. I think it's about leadership and I think it's----    Ms. McCarthy. Our analysis shows that----    Ms. McCarthy. --that is not the case with the Clean Power Plan. It provides----    Ms. McCarthy. --ultimate flexibility----    Ms. McCarthy. --and reduced energy.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, I don't think we're actually skewing the market; I think we're following it. And what I think the Clean Power Plan----    Ms. McCarthy. --is designed----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, actually, we're following the direction of the market because renewable energy is actually becoming more and more cost-effective.    Ms. McCarthy. It is competing----    Ms. McCarthy. --in the market itself.    Ms. McCarthy. The idea is to look at this as a long-term venture out to 2030 so that those that want to invest in innovation will have certainty that their investments will pay off.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I do find that, as I travel, there is tremendous concern about the impacts that are already being felt by climate change. People know it's happening and they're feeling it and they're afraid it. They're worried about the safety of their communities and they're worried about the future of their children and they're worried about the public health impacts that are so well-defined and well-understood.    And so things are changing. They're looking for us to take action, but they're looking for us to take reasonable action, action that respects our energy system, that follows it, that doesn't increase energy costs and that provides opportunities for the jobs of the future.    That is what we are doing today. That's what the Clean Power Plan is all about. It's not trying to redesign the system. It's trying to understand that right now today our energy system is in transition, and it's moving towards a clean energy system. And we know internationally that the countries that lead in this transition are going to be the ones that come ahead.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, Ranking Member, I'm glad that you mentioned it because I think we've done a wonderful job nationally in looking at these issues, and it's one community and one vulnerable child at a time, and we have to be focusing our efforts in that direction.    We know that our new ozone standard is a standard that was designed by law to be protective of public health with an adequate margin of safety. That means that ozone levels will be coming down, and those ozone levels reducing will mean less asthma attacks for our children. It will mean more protection for those that are most vulnerable.    So we are following the science in providing the right standards and working with States to make sure that they continue to make progress moving down our air pollution, which they have for decades worked with us to achieve. And so it's an exciting opportunity.    Now, on the Clean Power Plan, we wanted to make sure that while we gave States ultimate flexibility that we provided incentives for investment in low-income communities that most need it for opportunities for renewable energy and energy efficiency. So we developed an incentive program in there. It's voluntary, but that's what our Clean Energy Incentive Program is. It's to make sure that every community and every vulnerable individual has an opportunity to invest in the technologies of the future that are going to keep our planet stable and also protect public health.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, the cost of inaction is borne out by health impacts for our kids and our elderly, and we can show that this is not--is an incredibly cost-effective step forward that will save thousands of lives. And so it's important in and of itself.    But the important thing to remember about air pollution is over the past 40 years we have been able to reduce air pollution 70 percent while the economy tripled. We are not raising our ability to protect public health on the backs of workers. We are growing jobs at the same time in this country, and we can do both.    But one thing--and one statistic always sticks out at me is this is an incremental step forward. We work with States to incrementally reduce air pollution, and of all of the areas that were designated nonattainment in 1997 when we set a new standard, 95 percent of them have achieved that standard already. So it is a steady march forward in which we work together with States and local communities for the benefits of our kids, for the benefits of public health, and we've been able to do that without a detriment to business or jobs. That's how EPA does its job. That's how it was designed to happen.    Ms. McCarthy. That--not--say that again. Not likely.    Ms. McCarthy. Not likely is I think the term that we use----    Ms. McCarthy. --but I understand your point.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, my understanding of the Cancer Assessment Review Committee is they do a memo. They do about 40 of these registration reviews. It's pretty mundane. It's routine work for the Agency, although important work. So my understanding is that that memo was done. It was unfortunate that it was mistakenly released by a contractor because it is still in review in the Agency. And when we have an issue that's important--as important as glyphosate is to the agricultural community, we want to make sure that we get the science right.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't have exact date in front of me, sir, but that's reasonable.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, because it's----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. It's just--it's a step in the process towards the Agency's decision, and we know that it will ultimately be made public. The question is we don't want to confuse the public with interim decisions being made.    And in this case--and I really want to be very clear here--the--what we call the CARC, which is our committee, is an internal committee. But very often, no less than 10 or 15 percent, maybe five percent at the least, there is--there's an issue that's large enough that it warrants larger agency review. And this was one of those occasions.    It is a big deal, sir, to deal with glyphosate both in terms of its international context and the importance it has for U.S. agriculture, so we have expanded that----    Ms. McCarthy. --and it's one step in the process, but it's not a final decision----    Ms. McCarthy. --for the Agency.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, it was a final review from that that particular committee. It was not a final agency action, and if you look at it----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, we do.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, it was----    Ms. McCarthy. --it was extremely unfortunate. It was released with a number of other documents that weren't yet ready for public viewing. It will be ready, and I don't want it to be----    Ms. McCarthy. --any signal other than we're still in the middle of a decision    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I get it.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Right.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, there's two----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. This----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. There's two things that are very unfortunate here. One is our Cancer Assessment Review Committee does great work. It is not an indication when we take their memo off the table that we don't appreciate it and agree with it. It was a question of making sure that we had fully articulated that in the decision-making process.    Ms. McCarthy. That's not the end of the line of the decision. That's all.    Ms. McCarthy. We're--given that it's raised concerns, we're going to try to get it out as soon as possible. I know we always try hard, but I'm--this fall should be the likely--    Ms. McCarthy. No, just----    Ms. McCarthy. --from yourself who would interpret this as some kind of a backing up or not in agreement with a final agency action. The problem we have here is this was not a final agency action. It was a step in the process. And we appreciate the work of the Committee----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I don't want it to send a signal----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. You should not take it as a signal that the decision--that any decision has been made or what direction that decision will go. The committee offered us wonderful information. We just need to make sure that it's as robust as it needs to be for a decision as big as this.    Ms. McCarthy. I'm sure.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I think it was always----    Ms. McCarthy. --very important, sir, and I appreciate it.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. I'll do my best.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. To the best of their ability. Often, that doesn't happen----    Ms. McCarthy. --and we discuss----    Ms. McCarthy. --what we need to do to work together.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, I have tremendous respect for the job of this committee, and I will assure you that we are doing everything we can to respond to your request in a timely way.    Now, I know that we have--we continue to do searches that are necessary. It is very challenging, the amount of requests that we receive from this committee and others. We do our best to make sure that everyone gets the--every gets the attention it needs, and will do our best to respond----    Ms. McCarthy. --to the outstanding letters----    Ms. McCarthy. --inasmuch as we can.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, I--no one would like to produce these documents more quickly than I would because I have great faith in the way in which EPA in this Administration has followed the science and the law. I want to be able to provide you information as quickly as I can. And, you know, we'll do our best. The Gold King Mine incident was--unfortunate is probably too weak a word in this issue. It was a disaster. We have been doing our best to take full responsibility for that. I am full well aware that while we notified people in advance so that efforts could be taken to make sure that contaminated water didn't get into farm fields, it does not excuse the fact----    Ms. McCarthy. --that our notice process wasn't up to snuff.    Ms. McCarthy. I understand that.    Ms. McCarthy. All right, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. You, too.    Ms. McCarthy. No, it requires us to actually follow the law and follow science.    Ms. McCarthy. That's correct.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. I--by 2030 our estimate is that it will be--an average family will actually reduce their energy bill annually by $80. Yes, I--yes, that's what you heard me say.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Our regulatory impact analysis is part of the final rule, and I'm happy to forward that if the Committee does not have it.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, that issue has been directly addressed by the Agency and backed up by the Supreme Court in its decisions. It was very clear that climate change requires a multiple of actions to be taken in order to address the changing climate and the challenge that that poses to the future of our communities, our kids, and our planet. No one action is going to resolve it, but inaction is going to preclude us from taking care of this very real and imminent danger. And in the----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I think we're both looking at protecting the very same people from the very same concerns that you articulated. There is nothing in the rules that we have done on the Clean Power Plan that is going to threaten that woman. What's going to threaten her and her family is no action on climate and other efforts that we can take to reduce pollution that will allow them to have a healthy and viable future.    And we can do this. It is already happening, sir. The very transition that we are looking at in every State and every region that said let's look at how we tackle this problem together, every State and every region is seeing a shift to clean power. Texas is perhaps the largest producer of renewable energy in the country.    Ms. McCarthy. They are not--well, you're not doing it because of the Clean Power Plan. You're doing it because the market demands it. Likewise, the Clean Power Plan is underpinning that to ensure that those investments continue and that market continues to move in the right direction----    Ms. McCarthy. --for those kids.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I----    Ms. McCarthy. I'm happy to share----    Ms. McCarthy. --with you some of the calls that--the information and the communication we get from some of the communities in Texas and other places. But I appreciate your point of view, sir, and I want you to know that we are thinking about those kids, we're thinking about jobs, we're thinking more than about climate change when we design our rules.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, actually, sir, I believe it's part of a weight-of-evidence approach where we have thousands of studies that have been generated over decades. Ozone is perhaps the----    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir, I don't think in an extraordinary way. I think it relies on the entire weight of the evidence before us. There are a thousand new studies that were considered in the latest ozone standard.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, we have provided this committee and in the docket of our ozone standard deliberations, it is--probably would stand this tall if I brought it in. You've got an integrated----    Ms. McCarthy. As far as I know, we----    Ms. McCarthy. As far as I know we have provided you full response, but I will go back and make sure that we have done that. Redactions are common when it's deliberative material. It protects our ability to work inside to make sure we do our jobs.    Ms. McCarthy. Only if they're--if they're available to me and they're appropriate to submit, I will submit them. That is not a blanket statement that I'm going to provide the Committee with information that's inappropriate to provide and--or that's not responsive.    Ms. McCarthy. Not the ozone one, sir. That's----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, we tend not to----    Ms. McCarthy. --call it global coming because it--that is not particularly an accurate term. It's a changing climate, which can result in many different types of impacts and----    Ms. McCarthy. Sea level rise, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't know that, sir. I'm not--I'm not a scientist. I don't want to answer that.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir----    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I don't agree with the way in which you've characterized this, but I hesitate to go down the lines of speaking like a scientist.    Ms. McCarthy. You've had the President's scientists here----    Ms. McCarthy. --that you've been talking with----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, well----    Ms. McCarthy. --I'm aware of the Antarctic, and I'm aware of the----    Ms. McCarthy. --yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Is there a question?    Ms. McCarthy. I'm aware of that.    Ms. McCarthy. How are you?    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I think probably if you're returning to Los Angeles, you will see the benefits as well as feel it. We've been talking a lot about this to try to understand what we're going to do to educate people about what the world looked like before these environmental statutes actually came into being and Congress was wise enough to challenge us to limit the amount of pollution in the air we breathe and the water that we drink.    I think you know as well as I do that these rules, when they reduce pollution, it's not an abstract concept; it's a real-life issue. You know, it has helped to save--and we can show you certainly our impact assessments. We have showed you that we are saving millions of lives. We are protecting kids from exacerbated asthma attacks, from trips to the hospital, many of which are African-American and Hispanic kids because that's the ones that have much higher prevalence of asthma.    We are now understanding the cardiovascular challenge that it poses. If you have, you know, obstructive--what is the word--pulmonary disease, you are in a lot of trouble on a high ozone day.    So part of the challenge we have with providing these NAAQS standards is to try to make sure that people have sound information to protect their own lives while we work with States to reduce that actual pollution.    And we have had so much success. We have reduced by 70 percent the amount of air pollution. We are where every other country wants to be on air pollution. But the more we learn, we more we know that there continues to be extreme challenges that we all have to face. We can see it in our drinking water. With lack of investment in our infrastructure, you are going to see more and more cities putting their hands up in the air and saying I cannot deliver drinking--clean drinking water because nobody's invested in my system for 20 years.    So we are--have to really regroup and remember that we--our country has had our economic engine roaring ahead because we have a place where people want to live, where they want to grow their families, and that's all about making sure that environmentally we can be safe and healthy.    Ms. McCarthy. You, too.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, let me begin by saying that EPA supports the motorsports industry and it contributes tremendously to our economy and our contributions.    I will have to say that this turned out to be a very misunderstood and misinterpreted step to try to clarify existing law. It was never intended to change the playing field----    Ms. McCarthy. --so they----    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. I disagree with the characterization that it was sneaking. They were intending to put clarification in in a heavy-duty vehicle rule about vehicles. Was--did it turn out to be a surprise and something we certainly should have discussed before? I think we should have discussed it. I don't like surprises any more than you do. I don't think they intended it to be nefarious in any way. They were clarifying for the benefit of what they believed to be the racing industry.    Ms. McCarthy. Dedicated racing vehicles have never been a focus of our attention, and the question was could the--could we be clearer about that. And I think that's what the intent of the language was, but I understand your concern.    Ms. McCarthy. My understanding is that we have considered them to be exempt since day one as long as you have dedicated racing vehicles. Our concern is just with companies that may be selling these sort of defeat devices for on-road vehicles.    Ms. McCarthy. That's exactly right.    Ms. McCarthy. That is true. That is true.    Ms. McCarthy. If we--in the future--when I'm here, if we want to resolve this issue and clarify it, we will work with the industry and stakeholders to make sure that we do it in a way that they understand it and we all agree that it's written as intended.    Ms. McCarthy. As long as they are dedicated racing vehicles, they are exempt, and as far as I know----    Ms. McCarthy. --they will be.    Ms. McCarthy. As long as it's phrased the way I said it, absolutely.    Ms. McCarthy. But I--you know, I do want to apologize because I know this raised a lot of issues, and frankly, it came out of conversations with the racing industry. It wasn't done well, not the way we generally do it, which is to road-test--sorry the pun----    Ms. McCarthy. --but to talk to people about it, and we will make sure that that doesn't happen again.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, it's amazing.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I think that they--obviously, they were very forward-leaning----    Ms. McCarthy. --and they took advantage of a lot of investment----    Ms. McCarthy. --for your state.    Ms. McCarthy. I would hope so.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, they've stayed it.    Ms. McCarthy. That's correct.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, they certainly stayed it----    Ms. McCarthy. --that's right.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, the Supreme Court will certainly get their eyes on this again.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. We proposed it because we believe so, but it is in a comment period, and we're certainly welcoming those comments----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay. Well, again, we're welcoming comments, but in the packet itself----    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, you know, we are taking a look at what we know is happening in 2016, what's available to us because it's a long year. It's not quite over.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't know what issue you're referring to, sir. We've certainly had many discussions about the use of private emails. We've had an OIG investigation into that issue, and I am unaware of any evidence to suggest that we're trying to subvert the normal process or not complying at this point with all of the rules and regulations that govern----    Ms. McCarthy. I am unaware that anyone has indicated that we have a systemic problem with using emails to subvert the process and subvert----    Ms. McCarthy. You--I'm sorry, sir. You're going to have to show me that because all the times that I've been here, you know, we certainly had an IG. They did not verify that there was--that this was a practice in EPA, so I feel pretty good about where we are. And if there's information that you want to provide me, I'm happy to look at that.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I'm not suggesting that there hasn't been, you know, an email that--a specific incidence, but to suggest that we're doing it to subvert a--the public process is what I am objecting to. You know, you will get oftentimes people sending--receiving something on their email. We have a direct policy that speaks to how you enter that in, if it's work-related, into the public process and to meet all of our federal obligations----    Ms. McCarthy. The Pebble Mine investigation is multifaceted. Folks have been----    Ms. McCarthy. There have been--I do know that there was a gap when a person left the agency where we had trouble locating their emails and we've been trying to fill that gap----    Ms. McCarthy. No, you asked me if someone was using their private system to subvert the public process. I am----    Ms. McCarthy. If there a potential, I would like to be able to address the situation.    Ms. McCarthy. How are you?    Ms. McCarthy. I am certainly hearing that people continue to both be for and against the Clean Water Rule but it is a final rule, and it is in court and we'll see where that litigation proceeds. Do I wish I could have had one moment where everybody would understand and agree? I wish I had it. I don't have it on this rule.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I appreciate that, and I'll do the best I can to reach out. I mean, it's primarily the agricultural industry that's worried about it and our farmers, and you know, I think what I'm most concerned about is that I paid very close attention to their comments and concerns, and in finalizing the rule, I went above and beyond the exemptions and exclusions in that rule.    Ms. McCarthy. I did everything I could not just to protect it but go beyond it. That's what confuses me and concerns me.    Ms. McCarthy. I appreciate that.    Ms. McCarthy. No, I don't believe so.    Ms. McCarthy. And there still remains a lot of concern.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, right now we're using filters and bottled water but we're making progress and we're hoping that there'll be some new testing done actually this month and available to us early next to tell us whether we've now got the system where it needs to be.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I'm not sure whether he would characterize it that way so I don't want to speak for him, but had I known earlier the situation that was happening in Flint, I absolutely would have raised a red flag from the highest mountaintop.    Ms. McCarthy. And the fact is, I did not.    Ms. McCarthy. That's right.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, as you know, she did resign her position because I think she felt that she should have known and wanted to make sure that wasn't distraction on us focusing on the people in Flint, and I think it resulted in that.    You know, I think there are a lot of failures in the system. We're trying to address those and the way in which we work and do oversight, but it was an extraordinarily challenging circumstance that in hindsight, if we could have addressed it earlier, it would have been all the better. So I can--I'm not defending the agency or anybody on Flint. The only thing I'm doing is trying to fix the situation and learn from it as best I can and make sure that there are no other Flints out there, and we'll do the best from this point forward.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. That's correct.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, I don't want to speak to anybody's motivations and we'll certainly address the issues that you've raised, but the motivation for taking action under 404(c) was multifaceted, the first and foremost being the value of Bristol Bay and the amount of jobs that Bristol Bay provides----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, they have had ample years prior to us using--initiating this process, and they continue to have opportunities to submit a permit. The simple issue is that they were disrupting that area in a way that made us worry about our----    Ms. McCarthy. --ability to----    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, again----    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, again, I have no idea what he was referring to or talking about. I know what----    Ms. McCarthy. --actually happened at the agency.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't know what politics he's talking about. I know the reality of decision-making in the agency. I know why we moved down this road, and I know what we were trying to protect, and you know, one of the missing pieces that I just want to make sure you are aware of is that in the history of the EPA and its relationship with the Corps on 404(c), the Corps has done two million permits. We have only 13 times ever used this, and it's because of the uniqueness of that resource----    Ms. McCarthy. --and the challenge that the tribes had that rely on that salmon fishery.    Ms. McCarthy. It didn't, sir. The assessment wasn't part of the 404(c). The assessment was looking at the value of the watershed. The documentation that was produced in the 404(c) process by the region was actually the policy and regulatory action. Did it consider the science? Absolutely, but that science document was not a policy document or a regulatory document.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't consider policy to be politics or regulations to be. They're entirely different vehicles and I think appropriate to use for the agency.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't--I'm not--I don't know. I don't--I can't answer with certainly. I'm happy to get back to you on it.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, with the tribes, we have, I think you know, a very special relationship because we treat them as government entities. We have a trust responsibility in our work with the tribes, and I think we paid very strong attention to the tribes as well as states that had concerns about protecting what is one of our most precious resources, Bristol Bay and its salmon fisheries, and we worked very closely with both the states but most importantly, there are tribes there whose culture depends on salmon. It is their livelihood as well as the focus of their lives and their community, and I think we were very cognizant of that when the region was looking at whether or not 404(c) was an appropriate step to take. For states, work with states and local communities, in general, we have a partnership relationship with them. They are co-regulators for many of the work we do. We delegate responsibilities to them and we try to be a good partner in terms of providing the kind of web of protection that Congress intended.    Ms. McCarthy. No. They actually on the basis of much more robust science understand just how damaging ozone is to our public health.    Ms. McCarthy. No. We understand it's more than we had anticipated then.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct. That was the basis of recent decisions that were made, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, most, if not all, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. That's very accurate, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. No.    Ms. McCarthy. In the wisdom of Congress, that's how it was defined and designed, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Sure. Give me one second to pull it up. The benefits--the health benefits are estimated to be $2.9 to $5.96 billion. That relates to issues relative to our kids in reducing asthma attacks and visits to the hospital. It has to do with cardiovascular improvements for adults and especially the elderly. So it's direct public health benefits, which considerably outweigh the costs, which are estimated to be $1.4 billion.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, let me just clarify one thing if I might, and then I'll answer your question. It wasn't what prompted the review.    Ms. McCarthy. This was a standard regulatory----    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, nobody was involved in the question of the carcinogenicity of glyphosate. We had three EPA employees. One was actually there as an observer. He participated----    Ms. McCarthy. Hang on one second and I will----    Ms. McCarthy. Hang on. We had--while I'm looking, I'll give you the names.    Ms. McCarthy. One was--participated in information relative to exposure.    Ms. McCarthy. It was not relative to the carcinogenicity. None of them had any----    Ms. McCarthy. And one had to do with some of the tox information and how we helped them categorize it.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, and I have a Mr. Egeghy.    Ms. McCarthy. Right.    Ms. McCarthy. He actually just--he helped to draft and review portions of the human exposure. There were a number of pesticides being looked at at the same time.    Ms. McCarthy. It really had nothing to do with its carcinogenicity.    Ms. McCarthy. He looked at how it was used and that kind of thing.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't know where he was when he was----    Ms. McCarthy. I can go back and look but I am--I have asked a number of times, and my understanding is that none of these individuals were there in the EPA capacity to participate in the issue of carcinogenicity.    Ms. McCarthy. Clearly, we have understanding of glyphosate and the other pesticides that were being looked at.    Ms. McCarthy. My glasses are good but not that good.    Ms. McCarthy. He----    Ms. McCarthy. Could I just clarify on Mr. Martin? He apparently was involved in the review for glyphosate but he didn't participate in the issues relative to its carcinogenicity. So I just wanted to make that clear. That was an entirely separate part of the----    Ms. McCarthy. May of 2016. He went there as an observer. As far I know, he did not participate in the IARC process. Can I clarify? Because I made a mistake.    Ms. McCarthy. It says Mr. Martin was a computational toxicologist. He wasn't involved in the IARC review for glyphosate but he did participate in the IARC conference on other matters, and we have no toxicological data on glyphosate so he couldn't have contributed to the carcinogenicity issue.    Ms. McCarthy. Well----    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. Not that I am aware of. He worked for the agency for many years is my understanding.    Ms. McCarthy. It's a final memo.    Ms. McCarthy. I know that the mistake that was made by the contractor to post this has caused all kinds of conspiracy theories to erupt but there's nothing that's unusual about the process we're following with this and we'll do it on the basis of the science----    Ms. McCarthy. --and I don't want you to think that anyone, including me, is prejudging what our scientists say about this.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. That's my--that certainly is my understanding in my communication with the Assistant Secretary who oversees the Corps, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Not each of them because that was handled at the career staff level.    Ms. McCarthy. I am now aware of them, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I am aware that a few memos were written. I was not aware of them at the time but that's an internal Army Corps issue that I assume was raised and resolved during----    Ms. McCarthy. No, they actually issued the proposal with us and issued the final as well.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, my belief is that you listen to public comment and you make changes that you think are reasonable after deliberating on that. That was the process that we followed.    Ms. McCarthy. We certainly did. They were a partner in this. They had to sign off on it. They issued the rule with us. It was jointly done.    Ms. McCarthy. It sounds like a collaborative partnership.    Ms. McCarthy. I may have, sir, but that was an internal Army Corps issue, and again, the Army Corps signed off on this so those issues had to have been internally resolved between them and us and certainly internally at the Corps.    Ms. McCarthy. Which is why I was satisfied by them signing off on the rule itself. There is much deliberation that goes on among the staff. I think that's healthy. I think we should challenge one another so our rule is legally sound and based on science.    Ms. McCarthy. I believe in the Clean Power Plan, we recognized a market--the market transition in the energy world, and we did our best to follow it knowing full well that that was the least and most cost-effective way to do it.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, we're doing our--under the law what we're required to do, which is follow the Clean Air Act, which actually requires us to address pollution that endangers public health.    Ms. McCarthy. I'm not--we are not attempting to steer the market. In this issue, we are attempting to reduce pollution. What we try to do is understand where the market is heading so that we can get the most cost-effective, flexible way to achieve the reductions while letting the market drive how to get there. That is exactly what we did with the Clean Power Plan, and we do it every opportunity we can get.    Ms. McCarthy. Certainly to the extent that Congress gives me that charge.    Ms. McCarthy. I'm sure that every country is doing the best they can and some have very interesting programs that they've initiated.    Ms. McCarthy. Nothing that I want to highlight, no.    Ms. McCarthy. We are in the middle of looking at different types of biomass for its use and how we can account for the greenhouse gas benefits. We are in a science process with our Science Advisory Board to develop an appropriate accounting process for that. So we're excited to be able to make progress in that because we do believe that there are many types of biomass that really will provide us an opportunity to move forward with----    Ms. McCarthy. --reductions in greenhouse gases.    Ms. McCarthy. I'm happy to talk to him and see what is the basis of his letter. I don't think that we're in disagreement. I think he knows that we're in a process to try to better account for those emissions.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. We have for the most part relied on independent investigations by both internally with our Office of Inspector General as well as externally.    Ms. McCarthy. We did not find that anyone was derelict in their duties but we continue to have investigations and we're going to wait to see what they say.    Ms. McCarthy. So far, the reports that I have read that were independent continue to show that we were there working with the state and those communities to try to prevent the tragedy, that preliminary site work did cause a problem there and we've done our best to try to make sure that we take responsibility for that and work with those states and communities and tribes to resolve this.    Ms. McCarthy. I can't recall his name. I'm sorry.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah, that was it. Sure. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. I think the actions of EPA certainly caused the spill. It depends on what you think of ``responsible.'' If that indicates that he did something wrong, I'm certainly not willing to say that.    Ms. McCarthy. I think what's to blame is a history of those mines being left and abandoned where we knew there was a problem and EPA came in to try to help fix it. Did we fix it? No.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, the spill happened. The spill happened because we were doing preliminary----    Ms. McCarthy. --work to try to resolve----    Ms. McCarthy. I do not believe so.    Ms. McCarthy. I take responsibility for the agency's role, certainly I do.    Ms. McCarthy. So we have many responsibilities here, and we have a responsibility not just to explain ourselves why we're there, what we were doing, what we thought contributed to the problem. We have a responsibility to look at how we long-term monitor that situation. We have a responsibility to look at whether or not we can help effect a solution, which will be hopefully looking at whether or not it's appropriate for listing as a Superfund site. We have responsibilities to take a look at whether our notification was good and how to make it better.    Ms. McCarthy. If somebody did something that was incorrect and inappropriate----    Ms. McCarthy. We are all held accountable for the spill. If you ask me whether I----    Ms. McCarthy. Not that I'm aware of.    Ms. McCarthy. I think we have made great progress. Areas like California have actually a considerable amount of local and regional ozone that is being emitted by manmade activities, which falls well outside the boundaries of background. So we've held a conference. We've developed a white paper. We have put together, one a rulemaking, one a guidance that's been proposed and will be finalized to try to make it understandable and easier for states to take a look at wildfires that cause these types of exceedances. If we can document anything that's coming into nationally, we certainly recognize that that's not something that the state will be responsible for. So we think we've made a lot of progress, but as you know, we continue to work with states on the implementation.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, that's why we're putting out a guidance document. We are well aware, and in fact, with the changing climate, we're concerned that those wildfires are going to be more expansive and more frequent.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, I recognize that California has incredible challenges, and a lot of that is related to geography and the weather there, and I perfectly well understand it, but what we know about this ozone standard is that the vast majority of counties that aren't achieving the standard now will be achieving it just as a result of national rulemakings that are moving forward, ones that are already on the books and in place and that you well know of. So we're working hard with the states to get there.    But California's made tremendous progress, and they continue to look at every opportunity, and we'll keep working with them on it, but I don't think background is really the issue there. I think we've well documented the inventories that are contributing to the ozone problem and working hard with the state to see if we can figure that out.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, far be it from me to disagree with the court. We are going and hopefully with the full information available that we have that the court will have through oral arguments and our briefings in the record that the court will agree with us that it is well documented why we came to the decisions we made on the basis of science, on the basis of history of ours and Army Corps' experience here.    You know, one of the biggest frustrations I have is that--is the fact that I think the agriculture community really--we would benefit from further discussions on this because we have actually expanded the exemptions for agriculture. We have provided clarifications that should allow them to produce the food, fuel and fibre that we rely on. We did everything we could to make sure that it wouldn't add any permitting issues or responsibilities to the agriculture community. We did everything we could not just to protect their interests but to make their interests clearer and more sustainable.    Ms. McCarthy. That is my understanding when folks looked at the record. That's correct.    Ms. McCarthy. The comments, yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't know what--I haven't surveyed folks throughout the United States at this point to see whether or not they still would feel the same way.    Ms. McCarthy. I probably can't go down that road, sir. I know there's a lot of concern among the agriculture community. I think we've received certain letters and support from individuals. Whether or not there's any association, agriculture association, I can identify, I don't think I can.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. Sure.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, certainly. There are--we have an entire asthma portion of our agency that works with local communities to identify triggers for asthma attacks. That can have everything to do with dust in individuals' homes, so indoor air contributes significantly.    Ms. McCarthy. Mold and dust can certainly be triggers for asthma attacks.    Ms. McCarthy. They certainly can.    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, my understanding is that during the development of our Integrated Science Assessment, the look at all of the health and exposure information would have looked to determine whether or not outside ozone levels contributed to additional attacks or hospital visits and other things. So they would have factored those issues into those considerations.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, you just indicated how many factors go into asthma attacks. The issue--the point I'm making is that it seems very clear from the science that outdoor ozone levels cause problems for kids who have asthma. That seems pretty clear to me.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not believe that the information provided to me in terms of the science spent a great deal of time talking about indoor asthma.    Ms. McCarthy. It talked about outdoor asthma, which is what we were looking at----    Ms. McCarthy. No, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Because their reports to me looked at thousands of studies that actually did factor in different considerations that concluded based on the weight of evidence that ozone contributes to exacerbating asthma attacks. I don't know how much clearer I can get.    Ms. McCarthy. I think we've established that causal relationship.    Ms. McCarthy. It certainly is an issue that we'd like and be open to working with the state at any time on. I think we well knew that there are many older nuclear power plants that right now are not called upon regularly to generate, so the closure of those facilities will have to be considered by the states, and we made that pretty clear. But I do not think that we have made the Clean Power Plan standards so challenging that states cannot address the changing circumstances.    Ms. McCarthy. No. Actually--well, I don't believe we considered it to be penalized, but we were looking for were reductions that were achievable on a baseline of 2012. If those were producing electricity, we included those in the baseline. If they were new facilities, which there are some new nuclears being constructed, those would certainly go as counting towards reductions that would be achievable under the law that would be included or compliance purposes.    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, again, we made the plan to be extraordinarily flexible to deal with things on an individual state basis, regionally, nationally----    Ms. McCarthy. I can't say I know all of the circumstances here, sir, but I do know that--my understanding is, there was a lot of concern about nuclear facilities potentially being closed. There was a lot of discussion about individual states taking action to keep them open, to support upgrades and needed construction at those facilities to allow them to stay open for certain longer periods. But those are all individual state decisions that get made in the individual market. I don't think we should suggest that the Clean Power Plan is going to solve those problems prematurely because there's no compliance window until beginning in 2022----    Ms. McCarthy. There is.    Ms. McCarthy. Can I just----    Ms. McCarthy. We have certainly been consulting in close coordination with the Department of Justice to make sure that we fully comply with the stay, and we are fully complying with the stay.    Ms. McCarthy. We are not implementing the rule or spending resources to implement the rule.    Ms. McCarthy. There's no decision that's been made. We're looking at----    Ms. McCarthy. --what's appropriate and what path needs to be moved forward.    Let me provide a little bit of clarity, sir, and that is that we are not implementing the rule. That does not mean that we cannot continue to support states that voluntarily want to keep moving forward and ask us to develop tools that would allow them to hit the ground running when the stay decision is made.    Ms. McCarthy. We're not compelling anything. There is no implementation of the Clean Power Plan.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know whether we're going to move forward with the model trading rule. The model trading rule is a tool. It is not a requirement. Whether or not we move forward with that tool is something we'll discuss with DOJ but we will not risk anything that would show the court that we are doing anything other than fully complying with the stay.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, Congresswoman, I don't know the exact rules that you're talking about or a decision that was in dispute. You know, we do our best to make sure that we are considering the individual circumstances of states and communities. We actually have policies in place which guide us in doing that when we're dealing with----    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I don't know the circumstances. I apologize for that, but I'm not aware of the circumstances that you're talking about so I can't really speak to it directly.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you.