    Mr. Scarcella. Close enough.    Mr. Scarcella. Scarcella.    Mr. Scarcella. Scarcella, yes.    Mr. Scarcella. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee. I will be addressing a number of Mr. Inselbuch's concerns throughout my testimony. But one in particular that I think is important to address right off the bat is that while it has been a number of years since I was the statistician and data management specialist for the Johns Manville trust, I did spend more than 7 years as a consultant to trustee boards, future claimant representatives, to trustees, where I regularly received and analyzed trust data extracts at the claimant level that far exceeded the level of detail requested here in the FACT Act. And I was able to receive that data in short turnaround at far less cost than opponents of this bill seem to posture will actually take place.    I have testified two times before, both in 2012 and 2013. And I can say that since that time the problem has gotten worse, or, at the very least, the problem has been partially exposed by cases such as the Garlock bankruptcy. I do not intend to speak at length about the Garlock proceedings, but its relevancy to this hearing and this bill is clear. Transparency uncovers inconsistent, specious, or potentially fraudulent claiming behavior. And moreover, a system of standardized transparency, as proposed by the FACT Act, will help deter such activity in the future.    Since I last testified in 2013, there has continued to be a rapid depletion of trust assets that far exceeds trust forecasted expectations. Since 2009, 23 trusts have had to lower the net payout that they provide to claimants because claim rates and payments rates have exceeded what they expected, 23 trusts.    There are currently 50 trusts operating over a corpus of total assets close to $30 billion, yet there are no standardized requirements for reporting or disclosure. To the extent that these advanced accelerated rates that exceed what the forecasts expected by these trusts have anything to do with inconsistent, tenuous, or potentially fraudulent claim behavior, transparency would be the appropriate response and solution to curbing such activity in the future, thus preserving money not just for claimants today, but claimants in the future.    The point I just brought up about 23 trusts lowering their net payouts to claimants since 2009, a claimant today receives on average 50 percent less in most cases than a similarly-situated claimant received just in 2009. And claimants who get sick and make claims next year, 5 years now, 10 years from now, which are all claimants that these trusts owe a responsibility to, are going to receive even less if the problem is not stopped now. There is still $30 billion. We should bring some more transparency to the system.    Which will bring me to my final set of points which have to do with cost because it is difficult to weigh the benefits of any proposed legislation without talking about costs incurred. As I mentioned in my opening, I received regularly claimant-level data from various trusts at a level of detail that far exceeded anything that is being requested here under the quarterly reporting requirements of the FACT Act. I received it quickly, and I received it at very little cost to anyone. I was able to analyze it and make use of it.    The quarterly reporting requirements of the FACT Act require detail in a tabulated form that the trust can produce in an easy and repeatable way, especially information regarding the site, occupation, and dates of exposure, which is information that is submitted electronically through standardized claim forms and stored electronically.    Moreover, the burden of discovery under Part B of this bill shifts the cost away from the trusts and onto defendants. If a third party defendant or insurer would like to gain additional information that is not provided in the quarterly reporting disclosures, they can request it, but it is at their cost. And I think that shift in cost burden, as well as the transparency that could help deter future inconsistent or fraudulent claiming activities, makes the FACT Act a reasonable, sound, and useful piece of legislation for preserving trust assets for future claimants.    Thank you.    Mr. Scarcella. Absolutely. I think it is important for everybody to understand that sitting as advisors to many of these trustee boards are committees of plaintiff attorneys. They advise the trustees as best they can on current trends in the litigation. These are men and women who, probably more than anybody, have their finger on the pulse of claimant filing trends. Yet time and time again, trust forecasts of expectations, unclaimed filings, continue to be outpaced by reality.    So, what concerns me is are there bad actors participating in this trust compensation system that are staying one step ahead of the men and women who are trying to advise these trusts on what their future expectations should be. If there are such bad actors, then they are going to continue to deplete funds and keep money away from those who truly deserve it, and if transparency can help deter that, then I see no reason why it should not be passed.    Mr. Scarcella. Was that question for me for Mr. Brickman?    Mr. Scarcella. Well, I will defer to Professor Brickman since that who was intended----    Mr. Scarcella. Correct.    Mr. Scarcella. That is what has been told to me today.    Mr. Scarcella. Correct.    Mr. Scarcella. I cannot speak for who else supports the FACT Act. I know I support it.    Mr. Scarcella. Why do I support it? Because I have had the unique perspective of working both in the trust and tort system. I know how both processes work, and I know how damaging the premature depletion of trust assets can be. Just last April, the UNR Asbestos Trust, which was one of the first asbestos trusts that was confirmed in the early 1990's, filed a motion with its bankruptcy court requesting early termination by 2019 because it is simply running out of money. And at the heat of their request was a claim that they received more claims and paid more claims than they expected.    Mr. Scarcella. No, I do not think the management of these trusts is acting in any fraudulent way. I think it really comes down to a system that is set up in a way that could allow and incentivize bad actors to infect it. It is not to say that all plaintiff attorneys do not act appropriately. Certainly, I think the plaintiffs all do. They put a lot of trust in their counsel. But it is a system that is set up to allow bad actors to take advance of certain loopholes.    Mr. Scarcella. Well, no, I believe, at least my understanding of your question was that was there fraud being conducted at the management level of the trusts.    Mr. Scarcella. I am concerned that there may be inconsistent or potentially fraudulent claimant behavior being conducted by bad actors, such as plaintiff attorneys, who file with the trusts. That is my concern. You have to keep in mind, as Mr. Vari put correctly in his direct testimony today, these trusts operate in vacuums. There are 50 trusts controlling collectively almost $30 billion in assets, and they do not really interact with one another at the claim resolution level.     Mr. Scarcella. Very much so.    Mr. Scarcella. I do not know that, but I will take that to be accurate.    Mr. Scarcella. Again, I will take your word for it.    Mr. Scarcella. Again, I will take your word for it.    Mr. Scarcella. Yes, and I addressed that in my testimony. The fact that there was no fraud self-reported by these trusts that they interviewed--it was self-reported----    Mr. Scarcella . Is not an indication there is a lack of a fraud, but more a serious indication of the lack of ability for these trusts----    Mr. Scarcella . To actually audit properly.    Mr. Scarcella. Well, I think the answer to that question remains to be seen once we have transparency. To the point that was made under the prior line of questioning, the reason why the GAO was not provided with any instances of fraud in the 22 years of the trust operation system is because the trusts are unable to properly audit for consistent exposure allegations across trusts. The system simply does not allow it, so I am not surprised that they were unable to uncover fraud. They are not given the equipment to actually seek it out and find it.    Mr. Scarcella. Yes. In fact, the bedrock of 524(g) bankruptcy, in order to preserve assets for future claimants, requires an estimate of what those future financial obligations will be.    Mr. Scarcella. No, I do not think that would be necessarily true to advise on the high side of any range of estimates. It depends on the context in which it is being used.    Mr. Scarcella. Certainly. Thank you.