    Mr. Farah. Members of the task force, thank you very much for the opportunity to testify about the dangerous nexus among terrorism, crime, and corruption. I speak only for IBI Consultants and myself, not on behalf of the institutions with which I am affiliated. I am going to focus my remarks on Latin America, where we are seeing a convergence of these three factors in new and dangerous forms.    The convergence of terrorism, transnational crime, and corruption are the core of what I believe is a significant strategic threat to the United States. I have described this emerging tier-one security priority as criminalized states. That is, states that actively use transnational organized crime as an instrument of statecraft, rely on the revenues from illicit activities to fund themselves, and often overlap this protective mechanism with terrorist organizations.    In our hemisphere we are primarily seeing this in the network that emanates, I would argue, from Venezuela in the Western Hemisphere, where you have the political project, the joint political project among multiple nations whose underlying goal is harming the United States, as well as operating in a conjoined criminal enterprise. Rather than being pursued by law enforcement and intelligence services in these states in an effort to impede their activities, transnational organized criminal networks and protected terrorist groups are able to operate in more stable, secure environments, something that most businesses, both licit and illicit, crave. Rather than operating on the margins of the state or seeking to co-op small pieces of the state machinery, these criminal groups in these states are able to concentrate their efforts at the state on multiple levels.    Within that stable environment, a host of new options become available, from the sale of weapons to the use of national aircraft registries, shipping registries, the easy use of banking structures, the use of national airlines and shipping lines to move large quantifies of unregistered goods, and the acquisition of diplomatic passports and other identification forms.    The threat originating in Venezuela is not confined to Venezuela. The late Hugo Chavez, acting in concert with his allies, Rafael Correa in Ecuador, Evo Morales in Bolivia, Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua, and Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner in Argentina, set out to redefine the political landscape in Latin America. Senior members of El Salvador's current FMLN government are also allied with this movement.    To a large degree this movement, self-described as the Bolivarian alliance, has been successful. Unfortunately, what their policies have wrought internally are massive corruption, rising violence, a disdain for the rule of law, and the collapse of institutions.    On the strategic level this has brought new alliances with Iran and Hezbollah, Russia and Russian organized crime, China and Chinese organized crime, as well as Mexican drug cartels and the Colombian criminal organizations. The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, FARC, a designated terrorist organization by the United States and the European Union, as well as a major drug trafficking organization, is directly supported by the Bolivarian nations as a matter of state policy.    Such a relationship between state and non-state actors provides numerous benefits to both. The FARC and Hezbollah gain access to the territory of Bolivarian nations without fear of reprisals. They gain access to identification documents and access to routes for exporting cocaine to the United States and Europe, while using the same routes to imports large quantities of sophisticated weapons and communications equipment.    In return, the Bolivarian governments offer state protection and reap the rewards of the financial benefits of the individuals, as well as institutions derived from the cocaine trade. Iran, whose banks have been largely barred from the Western financial system, benefit from access to the international markets through Venezuela, Ecuador, and Bolivian financial institutions, which act as proxies by moving Iranian money as if it originated in their own unsanctioned banking structures.    There is significant new evidence of the criminalization of these states. The first is the recent investigation by Veja, a Brazilian magazine, showing that Venezuela, with the help of Argentina, actively tried to help Iran's nuclear program in violation of international sanctions.    The Wall Street Journal, as mentioned earlier, has a long list of senior Venezuelan administration officials being investigated for drug trafficking. The recent book, ``Bumeran Chavez,'' the ``Chavez Boomerang,'' which was just released, describes in detail from numerous eyewitnesses cocaine dealings at the highest level of the Venezuelan government and their contacts with Hezbollah and FARC operatives in officially sanctioned meetings and at the highest level.    And the recent designation of Banca Privada d'Andorra by FinCEN as a foreign financial institution of primary money laundering control.    All of these mechanisms allow for literally billions of dollars to slosh through states that are completely unaccounted for, both by legislative oversight or by any form of accounting. Understanding how these groups develop and how they relate to each other and form from outside the region, particularly given the rapid pace with which they are expanding their control across the continent and across the hemisphere, make this, I would argue, a tier-one threat and something critical that we need to understand and something that we often don't look at in the underlying ideological underpinnings of the movement.    Thank you.    Mr. Farah. Thank you for the question, sir.    I think that, if you look at the way Iran has penetrated the financial systems of the Bolivarian states--particularly where I have documented it is in Venezuela and Ecuador, where you have Iranian banks setting up under falsified banks and operating as Venezuelan banks or, in the case of Ecuador where the president of Ecuador authorized a small state-owned bank to become a channel for Iranian money and authorized it explicitly and they were going to have their communications encrypted and the encryption key for the financial communications was going to be held in the Iranian embassy--that is a little unusual, I would say, for a normal banking structure.    And I think that what--the problem in this setting is that when you have a state sanctioning those activities, no one is going to investigate them and no one is going to move further down the road. And that goes the point of the absolute impunity that the state cover provides.    So once you have a state that is willing to use either transnational organized criminal organizations or terrorist groups or both as part of their state-sanctioned policy as opposed to what we see perhaps in Mexico, what do the narcos want? They want a judge who won't condemn them. They want a border guard who will let them cross. They want a policeman who will let their things go by.    What these guys--the new construct in Latin America is entirely state-protected and state-driven, and I think that is a fundamental shift. And I think that opens the door for what you see Hezbollah doing in the region, what you see Iran doing in the region, what you see ETA from Spain doing in the region, which is having unfettered access to financial institutions in ways that would not be possible without direct state participation.    Mr. Farah. Thank you, sir.    There are two specific cases that I can go into, in some detail. One is the Banco Internacional de Desarrollo in Venezuela, which was set up as a Venezuelan bank, but all of its directors were Iranian.    And when I and some others dug up the initial documents showing that, in fact, the directorships were all Iranian citizens and it was operating, in fact, as a subsidiary of an Iranian bank, not as a Venezuelan bank, as the Venezuelan government had claimed. OPAC eventually--the Treasury Department eventually sanctioned them. And they are now functioning, but at a much smaller level than they were before, but they still have the Iranian influence.    The other case is the case of COFIEC Bank in Ecuador, where we were able to get the records of some investigative journalists in the region, and I was able to supplement it with some other stuff. I got the records of the meeting between President Rafael Correa and President Ahmadinejad in February 2012, and President Correa eventually acknowledges these documents were legitimate. So we don't have the debate over whether this was real or not.    President Ahmadinejad asked President Correa for a bank. President Correa says, ``Oh, I have a bank for you, COFIEC Bank,'' which was a national bank that was virtually nonfunctional at the time, but still existed as a bank. So it didn't have to register the bank.    After they reached that agreement, President Correa sent the president of the Central Back of Ecuador with a delegation to Iran to negotiate which bank they would--with whom they would have correspondent relationships.    On their way there, they stopped in Russia on the first stop and opened an account in a Russian bank that maintains corresponding banking relations with Iran. So, therefore, you could have interbank transfers without registering through the Swiss system.    Then they go down and they negotiate with the Iranian banks. There are communications from the people on the delegation saying, ``These are all sanctioned banks. Is it okay?'' And the Ecuadorian government says, ``Yes. Go ahead.''    Mr. Farah. Absolutely. I think that one of the things you are seeing now in the construct I have described in Central America where you have literally billions of unexplained dollars washing through banks is they have regular correspondent relationships with the United States, there would be multiple things which Dr. Asher led on the Lebanese Canadian bank-type thing.    The chairman's first question was, ``In Latin America, would those joint task forces be good?'' Those guys are looking at pocket litter and different things and did very well in what they did.    What we are looking at now is state-run banking systems where we have multiple banks in Central America that are growing exponentially with no rational explanation for that. We have banks in Panama that are doing exactly the same thing.    Mr. Farah. I think that it would make it much more difficult. I think that, as Professor Realuyo said, once the sanctions are lifted, the snapback is not going to be very rapid or nearly as enforceable as the initial sanctions--    Mr. Farah. I think that there are times when you see U.S.-based criminal organizations overlapping tangentially in the drug trade with Hezbollah activities. I am not aware of any systemic or systematic or larger scale U.S. criminal organizations. I think that is the line that most people won't cross because I think the price would be very, very high for them, and they are aware of that.    I think criminal organizations are largely very rational actors, and when the price they would pay would be that high and the profit would probably--they don't need those groups to do what they want to do, particularly in drug trafficking. I am not aware of that on any significant scale.    Mr. Farah. Thank you.    I think, on the drug trade, a lot of the money goes back in bulk cash and a lot of it goes back in wire transfers and bank transfers into Central America. The cost is generally about 17 to 22 percent.    There are banks in Central America where, if you deposit over a certain amount of money, generally in the neighborhood of $3 million or $4 million, and pay the 17 percent, they will provide you with a history of justification of that money.    In other words, they will create all of your tax records, all of your employment records, everything, so that money is now untraceable as drug money. It is one of the full services that some of the banks are offering.    Mr. Farah. Of the drug--    Mr. Farah. Right.    Mr. Farah. I think you see right now that the vice president of Guatemala just resigned, who was involved--his private secretary--I believe she personally was involved in a really lucrative scheme where there were some banks involved and, also, largely to avoid taxes coming across the border--Customs taxes.    And it gets--because, as the states have criminalized, it becomes a state operation run by a state. They end up paying a lot. I don't know the exact percentages. I know that, in some cases, the government officials will take up to half of what comes out of there.    You look at some of the cases that have been prosecuted, like former President Portillo in Guatemala, who racked up multi-hundreds of millions of dollars. You have former President Paco Flores in El Salvador who was charged with $200 million. You have another former president of El Salvador whose own party investigation showed he had made $450 million.    Mr. Farah. There are. I think that what David Asher said is true. You have a lot of really good, smart people looking at this, operating in severe resource constraints.    And when I talk--you have, for example, the case of Banco Leandro, which is a 311 designation, which collapsed one of the major money-laundering operations just a couple of months ago.    They had three branches operating in Panama, and in that branch we had at least $2 billion from the Venezuelan oil company and many in Russian organized crime, China's organized crime, et cetera.    Okay. When you go to talk to these people--let me finish this thought. When you go to talk to the authorities who deal with it, they simply don't have the resources to reach out and do all that stuff. They say, ``This is great. It is great information. We would like to help. We have 3 people to look at 45 cases and a lot get dropped.''    Mr. Farah. I agree with David Asher. One of the late prosecutors, Alberto Nisman in Argentina, was the one who pointed out to me when we were talking about Iran and Latin America--he asked, ``Have you ever read the Iranian constitution?'' And I said, ``Frankly, no.'' And he said, ``Read the preamble to the Iranian constitution, their official translation.''    It is state policy to expand using the Revolutionary Armed Guard as the armed vanguard of spreading jihad around the world in a world conquest. That is written into their constitution.    So I agree with David that the fundamental nature of the Iranian regime is something that--allowing fungible money into their system will almost inevitably point toward much more aggressive action outside, including terrorism, because that is their core underlying belief, which they acknowledge and write about extensively.    Mr. Farah. I think--is that for--