    Mr. Beyer. Mr. Chairman, respecting your fine example, I will also submit mine for the record.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank all of you very much for coming and talking with us.    Dr. Baker, in talking about severe space weather events and black sky days, number one, how frequent are these? Are these something that we can see once in our lifetime or once in 200 years or once every five years? Is it realistic to think that we can extend the warning time from the 45 minutes at Lagrange 1 to something much longer than that? And then as dramatic as these are, are there really mitigation efforts we can take that will make a difference?    And by the way, are they limited to solar events or are there other extreme space events that we should be concerned about?    Mr. Beyer. Extending the warning period----    Mr. Beyer. --the 4five minutes we have now.    Mr. Beyer. All right. Thank you, Dr. Baker.    And Ms. Bartol, you talked about the need for information-sharing legislation. Can I take it from that that information-sharing right now is prohibited by state or federal law? And are you aware of any initiatives or any proposals right now in play to make that information-sharing legal?    Mr. Beyer. I know all of us on the committee would love to pursue that in a constructive way.    And, Dr. Morgan, you talked about the ice storms. You lead with that. As long as I've been paying attention, they've been bringing down power lines throughout the Northeast and Canada. Is there new engineering out there to make the overhead power lines less susceptible? They're burying all the power lines in new projects around Virginia, for example.    Mr. Beyer. Great. Thank you.    And Mr. Lordan, it's fascinating with the E1, E2, E3 questions. On GMD and time to respond, how best do we expand that time to respond? What--on the E1, E2, E3--are these only coming from nuclear weapons? And is there something we can do on arms control and nonproliferation to guard against that?    Mr. Beyer. Yeah, please.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.