    Mr. Kahn. Chairman King, Ranking Member Higgins, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify this morning. In the post-Nuclear Deal era, Iran's long-standing objectives in the Middle East remain unchanged, regional hegemony and the contraction of U.S. forces and influence.    In fact, the Nuclear Deal makes these goals more achievable, since it provides Iran with billions of dollars in sanctions relief, which it will inevitably use to expand its global terror operations. President Obama has rightly stated that the United States can and must continue to fight Tehran's support for terrorism after the deal.    Such an effort, he said, would, in fact, be easier, now that the nuclear file has been closed. At the same time, he has also argued that the deal could ultimately lead to a broader rapprochement with Iran and strengthen moderate forces within the country.    Unfortunately, it has not turned out that way. In the 7 months since the deal, Tehran has continued and, in many respects, increased its regional aggression, its domestic repression, its violations of international laws and norms, and its open defiance of the United States and its allies.    In response, the administration has remained largely passive. The list of Iranian provocations is long and grim, but I will highlight just a few. In collaboration with Moscow, Tehran has increased its support for the bloody Assad regime. It backs the Lebanese terrorist group Hezbollah and Houthi.    It aids Shiite militias in Iraq that have killed more than 500 U.S. soldiers and that likely were responsible for kidnapping three Americans last month. It has tested ballistic missiles in violation of the U.N. Security Council resolutions.    It has test-fired rockets in dangerous proximity to a U.S. aircraft carrier. It has waged cyber attacks against the United States. It has captured U.S. soldiers and broadcast their surrender in an effort to humiliate America.    It has used U.S. prisoners as bargaining chips to secure the release of Iranian sanctions violators. It has carried out what the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran calls the largest crackdown on human rights since the 2009 Green Revolution.    Why would Iran behave this way so soon after signing a landmark nuclear agreement with the international community? The reasons, I think, are both tactical and ideological. First, the deal has offered Iran a tactical opportunity to leverage it as a coercive mechanism in its dealings with Washington.    Recognizing that the preservation of the deal is the Obama administration's top foreign policy priority, Tehran has repeatedly threatened to walk away from it, if Washington punishes the regime for any kind of misbehavior.    In so doing, Tehran has deterred meaningful consequences for its actions. This ploy has proven quite successful. It has enabled Iran to set the terms of its relationship with America and to advance its extremist agenda with relative impunity.    Second, as multiple statements from Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, indicate, Tehran fears that the Nuclear Deal is in some way a ruse, aimed at advancing the Western effort to infiltrate its body politic, subvert its radical Islamist ideology, and ultimately overthrow the regime.    To be sure, Tehran's fears of Western infiltration date back to the Islamic Republic's founding in 1979 and are a key part of its conspiratorial world view, regardless of the reality.    But this time, its anxieties have an element of truth. After all, President Obama has repeatedly stated that a Nuclear Deal could help alter the fundamental nature of U.S.-Iranian relations.    For this reason, Iran has increased its aggression, in order to convey a simple message. In the post-Nuclear Deal era, Tehran's hostility towards the West will endure. There will be no rapprochement.    As the regime has repeatedly stated, the deal was purely transactional and had only one purpose: Sanctions relief. Thus, as a practical matter, the deal has not moderated Iran, but, in fact, has exacerbated its dangerous behavior.    What should the United States do? I believe that we need to make a fundamental paradigm shift in our relationship with Iran and adopt a comprehensive strategy, rooted in the premise that our policy on the Nuclear Deal and our policy on Iran's support for terrorism are inextricably linked.    How can the United States achieve this? By reestablishing deterrents and forcing Tehran to reassess the cost-benefit analysis of its behavior; by imposing meaningful new sanctions on Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which spearheads Iran's regional aggression and domestic repression; by openly siding with our Gulf allies against Iran, in order to reduce its regional presence and influence; by treating Iran as part of the region's problems, especially Syria's Civil War, not as part of the solution.    In short, we need to reverse the current dynamic, so that it is Iran, not the United States, that fears the consequences of deliberate provocations. This process will not be easy, but if the United States continues its current path, I fear that Iranian aggression will likely continue to increase, further endangering our allies, our interests, and our National security.    Thank you, again, for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Kahn. Well, thank you for that question. Unfortunately, I am not surprised by that. I think there is, actually, a very simple reason that Iran has continued its aggression, because I think it knows that it can do so. They know that they are unlikely to suffer meaningful consequences for doing so.    After all, Iran now has extraordinary leverage over us. They understand how important the Nuclear Deal is to us, and they know full well that we will take dramatic steps to ensure its survival. We will be willing to tolerate an extraordinary amount of aggression on its part, if we had to choose between the deal and stopping its regional aggression.    So I think Iran has recognized that, and I think its ruthlessly exploiting it. So I don't think this should really come as too much of a surprise.    Mr. Kahn. I think that would be a wise course of action. As I said, Iran is doing what it is doing, because it knows and it feels that it is in charge. It feels that it can get away with it.    I think, if we are going to effect a change in Iranian behavior, we need to change their cost-benefit analysis. We need to send them the message that there will be meaningful consequences for their actions.    I think, to raise those stakes for them, to send them that message, I think it would be very wise for us to empower and strengthen our allies in the region, such as Israel, in order to tell them that, if they do try something aggressive, there may very well be significant consequences.    Mr. Kahn. I think you raise a very important question, but I think if you look at how events have actually unfolded, since President Rouhani has came to power, there is really very little evidence to suggest that he is a reformer in any meaningful sense.    Human rights abuses in the country has, arguably, gotten worse over the least 2 years. Iran still executes more people per capita than almost any other country in the world. There has been no improvement, in terms of freedom of speech, in terms of freedom of religion.    Iranians are still routinely imprisoned, in Iran's notorious prisons, for simply speaking their mind, for practicing their religion, for criticizing the regime. These are things that are still the norm in Iran today.    So I don't see it. So, despite the image that I think President Rouhani has taken great pains to cultivate during this time, as a reformer, the policies in the regime have really not reflected that aspiration.    I would also point out that, even if President Rouhani were inclined to make the kinds of reforms we would like to see, his ability to do so is actually fairly limited. The chief entities responsible for Iran's regional aggression and domestic oppression is the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, also known as, basically, the regime's Praetorian Guard.    They don't report to President Rouhani. They report to Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei. In the end, President Rouhani's power is, really, as a result, very fairly limited. Therefore, I think it is a mistake to suggest that the current regime has really changed in any way.    I see very little evidence to suggest that that change is really on the horizon. I think, in fact, when you look at how the regime--the regime's aggression has increased both domestically and abroad, just in the 7 months since the Nuclear Deal, I think that creates a very grim picture.    I think it is, unfortunately, a warning of things to come, to which I would also add one final point, which is that, you know, over the last 7 months, Iran really had every incentive to stay on the good side of the international community, because they hadn't yet received sanctions relief.    So you would have thought that, given how much of an incentive they had to stay on the good side of the West, they would have, perhaps, restrained themselves. But, in fact, they have not done so.    I think that begs the question, if they are willing to provoke us in this way, when they have every incentive to not do so, how much more so are they going to be willing to provoke us when they have already received their sanctions relief and our economic leverage has dramatically diminished?    Mr. Kahn. Thank you for that question. I think it is important to recognize what Iran's goals really, in Syria and Iraq, are. For Iran, it is not simply a question of Sunni versus Shiites, with respect to that conflict. For Iran, it is also--a key part of that conflict is not about defeating ISIS, per se, but really, it is a matter of rivalry. They are seeking control of the same territory.    That is the key reason why Iran is involved in this conflict right now. That is the key reason that it is supporting the Assad regime. For Iran, the Assad regime provides the key foothold for its presence in--for its influence and presence in the Levant. It provides the avenue for which it can support Hezbollah.    Without that regime and without that ability, Iran's ability to exert leverage in the region, to which conflict against Israel would be dramatically reduced. So, I think that what we can expect to see over the coming weeks and over the coming months is Iran's continuing effort to ensure that the Assad regime remains in power for as long as it can.    I mean, I think it is not a coincidence that it was only 10 days after the nuclear agreement was signed, on July 14, 2015, that Qassem Soleimani, the commander of the IRGC Quds Force, traveled to Moscow to, perhaps, arrange and to have discussions about Russia's involvement in the region and its participation in the civil war.    It is not a coincidence that it happened so shortly after the Nuclear Deal, because Iran understood that the Nuclear Deal was going to give it room to expand its circle of operations and to deter meaningful consequences for its actions, given the leverage that the Nuclear Deal provided it. That is, of course, in addition to the sanction relief that the Nuclear Deal gave it.    So, I think, in the coming months, we will expect to see Iran's and Russia's partnership continue. That, of course, I think, will be very harmful, of course, and, really, serve to really prolong the civil war in Syria in a way that I think is very much--is very contrary to our interests and to the stability of the region.    Mr. Kahn. Sure. I think we can expect to see that Iran is going to try to back the Assad regime, really, for as long as it can, regardless of Russia and Hezbollah's actions, because, as I said, for Iran, Syria is its foremost client. It is its most important regional partner, and it is the key mechanism for which influence--to exert its influence in the region.    I think, if the Assad regime were to fall, from Iran's perspective, that would be a catastrophe. I don't anticipate that simply if--obviously, if Russia were to withdraw its support for the Assad regime, I think--I don't think Iran would be particularly pleased about that. But I don't think it would necessarily, simply to please Russia, I don't think it would necessarily change its goals.    Mr. Kahn. I think what we could expect to see more is an effort on Iran's part to engage in more incremental provocations. I don't think Iran is necessarily interested in triggering the kind of conflict--or to say engaging in a provocation that would force the United States to--that force it politically to have a strong response.    I think what we will see, instead, is a sense of a symmetry, of a symmetric conflict. In other words, if you look at the kind of things Iran has been doing, over the last 7 months, from the ballistic missile tests to the captures of the U.S. sailors, these are actions that are an effort to humiliate the United States, to exert its authority, to say that the United States is not going to be able to influence them.    But they are not the kind of things which are, necessarily, going to trigger a full-scale conflict. I don't think Iran is, necessarily, interested right now in having that kind of full-scale conflict.    So I think what we--is more likely is that we are going to continue to see more like a war of attrition, smaller-scale steps that would wear down the United States over time without triggering a kind of full-scale conflict.    Having said all that, you know, you never know. It is certainly possible that Iran could miscalculate. It is certainly possible that, if there is a new--the next president will have a different sense of strategic calculations, in terms of the way it wants to respond to Iran. That, in turn, could affect Iran's calculus.    So I wouldn't rule anything out. I think we can expect to see Iran not take the kind of steps that would be too spectacular or too catastrophic, but one which would still keep the United States on its toes and threaten its interests in the region in a very provocative way.    Mr. Kahn. I concur with my colleagues, and I don't, necessarily, have that much to add, except to say that I think, again, how the United States postures itself towards Iran over the course of the implementation of the agreement will have a very big impact on how Iran calculates to what degree it will be able to survive and withstand a potential aggressive act against the United States.    The more Iran feels confident that it can get away with such behavior, or that the United States lacks the resolve to engage in a meaningful response, I think the more likely it becomes that Iran is going to be willing to risk that kind of provocation.    Now, again, I can't, you know, predict the future. Certainly, anything is possible. But I think that just, again, reinforces the need, on our part, for the United States to send that message to Iran that, should it engage in any provocation, we will respond.    To the extent that we fail to send that message, I think it increases the likelihood of further aggression.    Mr. Kahn. I concur with Mr. Berman, and, to which I would also add, I think there is, of course, I don't think, any realistic way to simply wipe out Hezbollah. But I think it goes back to the point that I discussed earlier, which is that, you know, I think if we have to--if we want to weaken Hezbollah, we have to weaken its patron.    In the end, if Iran possesses the ability to continue sponsoring Hezbollah, then I think we can only continue to expect that it will grow, and its power will remain as is. So, in the end, if--if our goal is to reduce the influence of Hezbollah, we really have to focus on reducing the ability of Iran to keep it in power. I think that really has to be our focus, if our goal is to reduce Hezbollah's influence.