    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to borrow the words of one of our witnesses here today. Dr. Shannon, in summarizing the cybersecurity landscape, says this in his written testimony, and I quote, ``Currently there is no manner in which an entity, public or private, can be fully protected without simultaneously destroying its value. Today, there are neither the tools, technology, nor resources to stop all serious cyber attacks and allow for efficient function of electronic commerce. We simply do not yet know how to do both of these together, which makes enabling continued technology research an innovation essential.'' and that is the end of his quote.    Dr. Shannon, you captured perfectly the problems we face in this area, and the challenges in responding. This committee has a long history on cybersecurity issues, and I look forward to this series of hearings as we continue to examine this area.    Unfortunately, our ability to protect against cyber attacks while improving still appears to lack what is needed to prevent these intrusions. We are seeing more frequent and more severe attacks in both the public and private sectors. In just the past few years, millions of Americans have had their information compromised in data breaches. At the same time, our dependence on the Internet and interconnected information systems has only increased. Disconnecting from the Internet is not an option for a vast majority of individuals and companies alike.    The private sector seems to be no better at preventing attacks than the Federal Government. In the last year or so, we have seen breach after breach where attacks are placing Americans' personal data at risk. Attacks on Target, JP Morgan, Home Depot, Sony, and now Anthem have all underscored this fact. And these attacks illustrate that even the biggest companies with considerable resources at their disposal are not immune to these intrusions. We must also face the reality that it is much cheaper for the attackers to infiltrate than it is for us to protect and respond, and unfortunately, there is no one solution at this time to guarantee that stored information will remain secure. But we can't ignore cybersecurity until we have a solution. Instead, we need to find ways to manage the problem, and I hope this series of hearings can bring out some creative solutions on how to do just that.    In addition, we need to start thinking about post-breach protections, particularly as it relates to consumers. Clearly finding ways to strengthen existing systems is necessary, but we also need to make it harder for thieves to use stolen data after breaches occur. It is not enough for companies to simply offer a free year of credit monitoring as an answer. Rather, we need to explore ways to make consumer data less useful if it falls into the hands of the bad guys.    So, Mr. Chairman, coming up with effective solutions to these problems will be a long process, but I applaud you and our ranking member, Ms. DeGette, for starting this series of hearings, and I look forward to working with you to better protect our institutions, companies, and citizens.    I yield the remaining of my time to the gentlewoman from New York, Ms. Clarke.