    Mr. LARSON. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for conducting this hearing. Mr. O'Carroll, thank you for your incredible service to your country and the responsible job that you are doing; making sure that we are focusing on fraud, abuse and waste and weeding that out. It is essential, especially to a program.    As Mr. Becerra pointed out, it is the most efficient and effective government program, but it cannot be sustainable if all the pieces aren't working. And actually what we have here is an insurance issue. Social Security is an insurance problem. And there is fraud in insurance. Fraud needs to be weeded out, and we need inspectors to do that, just like the private sector provides.    They say, insurance program. Why? Because this is funded through something we call FICA, the Federal insurance contribution program. Whose contribution? Yours: the people of this country. And yet the last time we have done anything with this program was in 1983. Can I see a show of hands in the audience of anyone's whose insurance premiums have gone up since 1983? Of course they have, all across the board. But we have not addressed that issue at all in Congress. We have shied away from it.    While in private, everybody knows that when you pay into a system, especially a system that sees all the baby boomers coming through, we have got to make adjustments. I maintain and I hope we have a hearing on this because I think there is an easy pragmatic solution; a bill that we have out there that increases the benefits of Social Security by 2 percent. It says that no one can retire into poverty. It makes the new level 125 percent of poverty, going to CPIE. It is something the AARP has long advocated. You would have adequate funding. The expenses that the elderly incur would actually be based on their cost a/k/a medical devices, doctor visits, pharmaceuticals, heating and cooling their homes.    And also, how about giving the elderly a tax cut that will only go right back into the economy? Because again, the last time we touched this program significantly was in 1983 so that you are taxed on your Social Security. If you are single and make more than $25,000 and if you are a married couple and make more than $32,000, that is a disgrace. And people are out there working because they have to, or some even if they don't have to because they desire to be out there and work.    We enact a proposal in which 11 million seniors will get a tax cut immediately. The big question then is, how do you pay for this? Well, we have two ways to pay for this. We say we should scrap the cap, but following the change that this committee made in the tax law, we should start at $400,000. $400,000 means that that would impact four-tenths of 1 percent of the American people. They will receive more in benefits, but they would pay more.    As you all know, Bill Gates, for example, stops paying into the Social Security fund at noon on January 1st. And so there is a certain fairness to it all. But the most important thing that we can do is increase this fund by 1 percent. It hasn't been touched. If your insurance company told you, look, your insurance rates are only going to go up by 1 percent this year, everyone would go through a sigh of relief. We have not taken that stance, a very pragmatic, and simple, and straightforward way that doesn't increase the national debt. It doesn't create a burden on anyone.    But you might say, well even 1 percent--of course, as you know congressman, when the employer pays half, and the employee pays half, and we have self funded people--still can be a large expense. Okay, let's phase that in over 25 years. That means the increase to preserve the program will be .05 percent; .05 percent, in order to preserve the most efficiently run government program. As Mr. Becerra pointed out, any insurance company would die to have a loss ratio in this area of efficiency, less than 1 percent. And this proposal, I am saying, is the only one that is actuarially sound as we are required by law to make sure that we produce a program that is 75 years solvent. This will take us into the next century.    .05 percent for someone making $50,000 a year is 50 cents a week; fifty cents a week to save Social Security, to make sure that it's adequately funded so that we end this discussion once and for all in the committee, and that millennials will know that yes, this program's going to be there for them, for 50 cents a week if you are making $50,000. That to me is a pragmatic solution.    Thank you for your service. I hope the committee and I hope my colleagues, who I know are interested in solving this problem, on the other side, will grant us a hearing on what I think is a very pragmatic, straightforward solution to Social Security.    Mr. LARSON. Well, I did. It is just if you want to know--thank you for bringing that up. Usually I have gone all across the country and actually I raise this up every time. Bob, thank you so much.    This is usually a big hit, because I say to every single elderly group where I am from, what do you think this costs? They all know. They go, $4.50. I go, That is right or 9 weeks of Social Security payments; 9 weeks of Social Security payments if you are making $50,000 a week.    And that is what it amounts down to. When people say there is a pragmatic way where both tax cuts can be achieved, no one ends up retiring into poverty, especially women who have worked and paid their quarters and who get the short end of the stick--I was going to use other language, but--with Donald Trump maybe I could use this language. But I will rephrase it----    Mr. LARSON. It better be half full.