    Mr. Huelskamp. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to follow-up on the questions from Ms. Brownley about the provider network and see how we can--I think Mr. Williams talked about reducing some of the administrative burdens.    I will say in the 1st district of Kansas which I represent, it is probably the most rural and least served district by the VA. There are no VA hospitals, but I have 70 community hospitals. Just got the numbers last week. We have 1,309 providers. That doesn't mean they are all happy to get into that network. They are willing, but the administrative burden is overwhelming.    Every one of these facilities has been certified by Medicare for years. Now we have a separate certification process through the VA.    Mr. Williams, you brought up in your testimony, are there things that you can recommend that we can get the VA--could you reduce the administrative burden so these providers are there? They are ready and willing. They will take the Medicare reimbursement which beats Medicaid. The Medicare, they will take that reimbursement, but the paperwork is much, much more intensive than anything else in the network.    So some input from Mr. Williams. Mr. Blake or Mr. Atizado on that?    Mr. Huelskamp. Yeah. Mr. Blake or Mr. Atizado?    Mr. Huelskamp. I think you raise a great point and especially your first one about this being seen as an almost temporary program as to deal with a problem. I will say in rural areas, this is an ongoing problem and it didn't just start two years ago. We drive hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of miles and you are driving by ten hospitals to get to the VA hospital. Then you wait in line. And that is not good enough.    And I think we have heard from the VA as well. They see this as temporary, a pilot program, an approach that maybe two years from now, it might go away. I will note to the Committee, don't forget the House bill didn't have some of these arbitrary standards. And we had some cost concerns and I understand that.    But what is magic about 30 miles? What is magic about 30 days or 40 miles? There is not, other than you have to drive that. And so I appreciate the input on that particularly.    Are veterans still just presuming, and maybe Mr. Williams particularly with your survey, are they presuming this is just a pilot program that will go away and there will be another variation of this in the future, and does that limit their participation or any of the three?    Mr. Huelskamp. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.