    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think we are very fortunate to have the Secret Service take the risks they take. And when it comes to their pay, these are the people who have suffered sequester and have not received increases in pay. So we value them very highly, and we value your report, which is very thoughtful. I have been concerned, by the way, with the really quite shocking underfunding of the Secret Service, something I think that would shock the American people, because they always assumed that the protection for the American people was a first priority because it is a symbol of the United States itself.    I was concerned about the physical barriers because that is the most obvious and commonsense way to approach this problem. And I have distributed to the members and to you a copy of a picture that was taken outside right after--right after the most notorious of the fence jumping incidents. And I am asking this question because you indicate that there are some physical barriers that have been added. Are you talking about these barriers that are normally used simply for crowd control, or are we talking about actual structural physical barriers?    Ms. Norton. You say that the--we understand that there have been some physical barriers that have been added. I am asking you if there have been any physical barriers added since the incident, since our hearing in September and since the fence jumping that was the basis for that hearing?    Ms. Norton. Well, you know, if that is----    Ms. Norton. I mean, you know--by the way, I consider this quite outrageous. If that is--what this says to the public is--and this is a First Amendment space. Lafayette Park is right there across from the White House because the Framers intended the White House to be a place where people could go. This is hardly a barrier. And, in fact, it is very ugly. And there are two pictures here that show what are really quite temporary--they are not really barriers. They are not used as barriers. They are not meant as barriers. They are meant to be movable because they are crowd control. And is that all that has happened since the fence jumping?    Ms. Norton. So as far as you know, that is all that has happened.    Ms. Norton. And yet I appreciate that you have recommended that. The fence--that the fence itself, consistent with its historic basis, be raised. Have you put any timeframe on it? Of all the things that it seems to me could have happened by this time, it does seem to me, at least the plans for that, could have been--could have been made.    Ms. Norton. Well, I appreciate that, Mr. Chairman. Although I must say, I don't consider it very highly classified for the terrorists and other fence jumpers to know that there is going to be a fence that is going to be raised. I don't consider that very classified information.    I want to say that I am--given your report, which I think was timely, I am disappointed that we have no information. And I will seek that information in the way the chairman suggests.    The only disappointment I really had in your report was that there was no mention that I recall of the public space and of the tradition that this has been a public space and the barriers and the security for the President can be improved without, for example, a magnetometer in the street. That would mean that even though you are outdoors, you have to go through this magnetometer before you can get to where the public still can get, by the way. And I wonder why you did not consider the access of this space to the public, considering that it is one of the great First Amendment spaces in the Nation's Capital. It is not just a tourist site. There are people there every day on every issue trying to express their point of view.    Ms. Norton. Well, I so thank you for that, Mr. Perrelli, because that is what I am going to cite. I am going to say that the panel said that by not recommending that the public be excluded, it meant to say that the public should have access to that space as it has always had.