    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Roth, for your work. Please thank your staff as well. It was timely, quick. I appreciate your frank and direct answers. I especially appreciate that because that's not always the case. And so I want to give credit where credit is due. I do want to follow up a little bit on some of the questions that have been asked with regard to the policy, the alcohol policy that is either known or unknown. And I think in your testimony you said that really most people are not aware of the DHS policy. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Because that doesn't seem to jibe with what whistleblowers have told us, and the fact that you can find it on your Web site, maybe you have to look for it a little bit, but I mean it's pretty--so why would they not know about that? Is it just willful ignorance, or is it the eighth floor not stressing the policy, or what? Why would they not know that?    Mr. Meadows. Let me go a little bit further then, because there is a policy that everyone is aware of, and I believe it's called the 10-hour rule.    Mr. Meadows. So we have this receipt that would indicate that there were a number of people that were drinking and possibly reporting. Would they not have been violating if they reported that 10-hour rule?    Mr. Meadows. What about others? Obviously, it was a pretty big party.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So it sounds like you have been pretty thorough, but we need to reemphasize that. Let me tell you the reason why I ask.    Mr. Meadows. Because on the way here I got two calls from random agents that I couldn't name because they are afraid to divulge who they are, but literally within an hour of this hearing, letting me know of all kinds of problems, of the expectation of Secret Service agents to actually put liquor in the rooms of supervisors as they travel. That if they don't do that, it's frowned upon. GS-15s that have been caught inappropriate with females, and yet still, you know, leaving ammo or guns behind. I mean, I am hearing all kinds of things. And if I am a Member of Congress hearing this, are you hearing the same kinds of things? Or should we report them to you so that you can investigate? Because it's troubling. We have got this culture of, you know, from the most elite protective service in the world, and yet it seems like I am getting calls almost daily from different people. That's a problem.    Mr. Meadows. So I have your commitment here today that you not only are going to take this incident, but you are going to look forward. And if we give you additional things, or if other agents give you a number of other potential things to look at, you will take them seriously and that you are 100 percent committed to rooting out the problems that we have within the agency. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Absolutely. Good. I know we are about to have votes, so I am going to yield back the balance of my time.