    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen, thank you for being with us today.    Mr. Whitney, I want to build upon the conversation that we began last time you testified in September.    As you might remember, we discussed the importance of the decontamination and the decommissioning work at the former Gaseous Diffusion Plant at Piketon, Ohio.    Astonishingly, DOE has recently decided to terminate funding for the American Centrifuge Project also located at Piketon.    If DOE doesn't soon reverse its decision, we are about to add to the price tag of that D&D work because that facility there will have to be dealt with, which DOE already attempts to under fund year after year.    So that D&D work is--it is a battle each and every year, it seems, to get DOE to put the appropriate amount of money towards it.    DOE's own analysis has confirmed that the ACPs-- AC100 centrifuge technology will be needed to meet our national security enrichment needs in as little as 10 years.    So allowing the ACP, currently our only domestic enrichment capability to shutter its operations now only require--only to require its inevitable remobilisation shortly thereafter seems to me is a severe mismanagement of Federal resources and an ill-advised decision because rehiring of this uniquely skilled workforce and its overall remobilisation will prove costly.    So the national security optics and consequences of the ACP closure are both very troubling. So, Mr. Whitney, some questions.    Was the D&D costs to dismantle the current Piketon AC100 facility--was that taken into consideration when DOE decided to cease ACP funding? Do you know if they contacted anyone in your department about that?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Let us assume for a second that the closure continues and goes forward and that there is a D&D cleanup effort there on the current ACP facility as well.    What impact could that closure have on the current D&D cleanup time line there in Piketon?    Mr. Johnson. Is it safe to say, certainly, given the amount of time that we have already spent on the D&D cleanup for the gaseous diffusion facility, is it safe to say that that cost and time line implications would be significant?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Do you know if the Office of Environmental Management was consulted before this decision was made? Did anyone talk to you guys about this?    Mr. Johnson. All right.    We understand that the American Centrifuge program shares utility and overhead costs to the tune of about $9 to $10 million with the Portsmouth Gaseous Diffusion D&D program and that shuttering the ACP will shift all of those costs to the D&D budget.    Did they consult with you and have you folks given any consideration as to how you will pay for this increase in new costs?    Mr. Johnson. OK. But no decisions have been made?    Mr. Johnson. OK. And finally, do you have any--and I think you have already answered this but just to be sure, if the Department of Energy does press forward with the closure of the American Centrifuge project facility, do you have any idea what its cleanup costs would be?    Mr. Johnson. How long will it take you to--how long will it take you to go through that type of analysis to determine what the cleanup costs would be, from start to finish?    Mr. Johnson. Are we talking weeks, months?    Mr. Johnson. OK. All right.    Well, thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.