    Mr. RHEA. Thank you, Congressman Knight, Congressman Valadao. I appreciate you taking the time to entertain this topic, a very important one to us.    I would like to open today by expressing my appreciation for all the small business specialists within the Department of Defense who tirelessly search and evaluate opportunities for small businesses to participate in government contracts. These individuals engage in active dialogue with the small business community on a regular basis through industry days, outreach events, and regular office visits by small businesses, and we've greatly benefitted by their support.    I acknowledge that opportunities for small business participation in the Department of Defense acquisitions are present. Many opportunities result from the small businesses developing and submitting capability statements in response to sources sought and market surveys. Small businesses spend many hours traveling to customer facilities and networking to identify opportunities where our talents and expertise can contribute to the mission.    With this approach, as stated, we have succeeded in building a business base. Roughly 80 percent of our 2015 revenues were as a prime contractor and with customers, as mentioned, from Alaska to Washington, D.C. We've done that because we have a committed and dedicated staff.    I have direct experience working with small businesses that range from startups to more sizable ones around $30 million and above. As a services company, Clancy JG International targets technical support services opportunities with selected NAICS codes, North American Industry Classification System codes, which we also refer to as size standards.    One of those that we pursue as a NAICS code is 48190, which is ``other support activities for air transportation'' with a size standard of $32 and a half million. To pursue opportunities under this NAICS code, a company must have an average revenue over the most recent 3-year period of $32 and a half million or less. And as a company approaches a $32 and a half million average, they are much larger. They have more resources, and they enjoy a significant competitive advantage over companies our size; that is, companies of less than $5 million in annual revenues.    It's very difficult for a $5 million small business to compete with a $32 and a half million small business as a prime contractor. But, as you see, we've had some success. To overcome these challenges, small business will typically search for opportunities to provide subcontract support, thus increasing revenues and developing a corporate past performance portfolio, which is needed to be a credible prime.    Small businesses awarded contracts under any small business set aside or NAICS, regardless of the size standard, do not provide any subcontracting opportunities. However, if the contract is full and open in competition with a small business subcontractor requirement, then opportunities for small businesses do exist assuming that the company has the correct technical skill to contribute. We have seen prime contracts with as much one-third of the work designated for small business. These contracts provide opportunities for several small businesses to participate.    Over the past decade, there's been significant momentum towards contract consolidation. Small business contracts absorbed into large contracts, and multiple small business contracts consolidated into a sizeable small business contract.    Over my career, I've been party to both of these scenarios. In the case of a large contract, a follow-on subcontract might be available. However, the opportunity for a small business to pursue the next step in becoming a prime contract has been eliminated.    In order for a small business to grow as a prime contractor, they must have the ability to bid as a prime contractor. While contract consolidation still exists today, it is limiting small business opportunities. There have been recent instances within the Department of Defense where tasks were removed from small business contracts removed from a large business, set aside for a small business, which provided a great opportunity for a small business prime. We've seen some of that in the other direction, mostly the Navy.    Finally, government regulations are causing significant challenges for small businesses. The Affordable Care Act is driving up the costs of healthcare. We have witnessed far greater increases in health insurance premiums than we saw in prior years before the ACA implementation with reduced coverage and much higher deductibles. The challenges in bidding a multiyear firm fixed price contract--as a services company that's what we pursue--for indirect cost control is vital.    Other challenges are associated with access to capital. Since the financial collapse in 2008, regulations have prevented small businesses' access to capital through the typical borrowing route. As a result, many small businesses are faced with utilizing the services of receivables financing companies to fund expenses while waiting for invoices to be paid, which is an expensive proposition.    As small business leaders, we understand that these challenges exist. Small business leaders are typically entrepreneurs and are adept at solving problems and thriving. Addressing these challenges is becoming more difficult in recent years and deter many small businesses from pursuing Department of Defense contract opportunities.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify and provide my real world insight into this topic and the challenges that face small business defense contractors. Thank you.    Mr. RHEA. We won our first prime contract with the FAA in 2009. We bid against six other companies, and it was a service-disabled veteran-owned small business set aside, and we were awarded the contract. That was our first prime contract award.    Since then, the bulk of our awards have been as a result of briefings or sole sources through the 8(a) program. We do some work with the Army National Guard, and we do some work with the Navy China Lake. China Lake is the organization I mentioned earlier that has been taking work off of some of the large consolidated contracts set aside for small businesses. We have been up there several times giving briefings, and as a result of the briefings, they have selected somebody and then negotiate a contract with them. Even though it is an 8(a) set aside, it has been somewhat of a competition to get it. So those are the opportunities that I have seen only the Navy pursue.    In my previous companies I have had work at Edwards Air Force Base, but most of that work had been consolidated with the large contracts, and there really are not opportunities for some contractor on a contract at NASA Armstrong. That is one of my two subcontracts. The other one I am a subcontractor to a company in Washington, D.C. for the FAA. The rest of our contracts with the DOD are all prime contracts, but they have been limited solicitations.    It is really difficult. We have bid on a lot of contracts, back to your question on how many we have won. We have bid on a lot of larger contracts, but because we do not have relevant past performance, and they define ``relevancy'' in terms of the size of your company. Being a company of 30 employees and less than $5 million in annual revenues, and you are bidding against somebody that has got several hundred employees, it is very difficult to compete.    We just bid on fairly large contract at NASA Armstrong, but some of that is you just have to keep going. You bid on these knowing that you probably do not have a probability to win, but you want them to know you are interested so that when something else comes up, you may have another opportunity.    As a small business you get really creative trying to get your name out, trying to get to know people, trying to influence what is coming out. We responded to a lot of market surveys. Some of them we decided to bid on when they come out. Some of them we do not. But you are trying to get people to know who you are and just get the word out there, because as small businesses we have a lot of talent. It is just getting through those hurdles of relevant past performance and similar contracts.    I just got a solicitation this last week to bid on some transit alert stuff, which is not typically what we do, but it is our NAICS code, for 44 bases throughout the U.S. The way it was written, you had to have two contracts where you did the same exact work. When the contracting officer called and said are you going to bid it, we said, no, because you are too restrictive on your past performance. We can meet one requirement, which is past performance of similar contracts, but you required in addition to that two specific past performance citations, which we cannot meet, so we are not bidding.    Those are the things that we have a challenge with. As small businesses, it is really difficult to find opportunities. When you bid them, you bid some of them knowing you do not have a chance of winning, but you bid them anyway just to get some experience, some knowledge, some insight. As a small company, when you have two or three people doing all the work, you have a very limited number you can bid on. So you are very selective as to which ones you pursue.    Mr. RHEA. The larger your base is, the more competitive you can be. In our case, we have a very small business base, so our ability to adjust our rates and become more competitive is very restrictive because there are certain costs of running the company. I mentioned the medical insurance. The cost of benefits is by far the largest expense we have, and if we cannot control indirect costs in our fringe costs, we have a tough time competing against the big companies.    Most of these contracts are coming out firm fixed price. The ones that have been set aside have been time and materials converted to firm fixed price once we negotiated them. But most of them that are coming out, they want to put together a firm fixed price bid. That one I just mentioned, that we chose not to bid on, that was one of those that was going to be firm fixed price.    It is very difficult in this market to predict where things are going to be over the next 5-year period because they are all a base period and four options period.    Mr. RHEA. I am familiar with it, we have been down to some of their training programs. Having been a small business contractor for 30 years, we understand the environment. When we go down to a training class, it is really not very informative.    The biggest challenge we have is not in learning how to be a small business and how to operate. It is identifying opportunities we can bid. We have demonstrated our ability to win as a prime and win in a competitive environment. There are just very few ducks to shoot at. We are always having the challenge of trying to identify those opportunities. We have recently put more emphasis into being a subcontractor because there are more opportunities there.    I go to SBA meetings. In fact, I am going to one next month down in Anaheim. We participate because we are supportive of the small business community. Does it provide us much benefit? No. Even the PTAC, we do not get much out of the PTAC except for the ability to work with other companies and potentially find other opportunities. We go to those primarily to network, not because there is something we can gain from that.    Part of the problem for us is we have been around here for a long time, so we do not need to learn how to do what we are doing. We just need to find more opportunities to go chase.    Mr. RHEA. I would make a couple of comments from the services side because we focus just on services contracts. Edwards has two primary large services contracts. One is just up for recompete now, and we managed to get on the team as a subcontractor for that one. The other is one of those extremely large small business contracts where there are no opportunities for subcontracting.    We have found that as far as Edwards Air Force Base, we have not had many opportunities to go penetrate that market even though in my previous life I had gotten a $25 million sole source contract as an 8(a) company. There used to be more. Those had been consolidated 10 years ago when they pulled everything together and came up with these large consolidated contracts.    We have had a little success in the Air Force. We have had a little bit more with the Navy because the Navy has done just the opposite of China Lake where they have pulled some of the large task order contracts, pulled some work off, set it aside for small business to compete as a prime. We have some small business primes less than $5 million that go for 5 years that have a few people on them. We have seen more out of the Navy than we have the Air Force as a prime.    Mr. RHEA. Our only opportunity would be probably in the flight test aspect of that, and it would be indirect. It would not be Northrop directly, but with our customers we support potentially with some opportunities of support to flight program. But other than that, there is nothing that we expect to be able to support because we are not in that business. We do not manufacturer anything. That is not really where the focus and where the money is going to be for quite a while. We do not expect to see anything that is going to benefit us except to keep----