    Mr. Turner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, Mr. Chairman, thank you for being here. Thank you for all your hard and diligent work.    Mr. Secretary, welcome. We are all very pleased and very happy that you are in your position. You do have very difficult times and issues as the chairman was indicating in the world view that we see in front of us.    We need some plain answers and talk on the issue of this budget. Chairman Dempsey, you and I as you were walking in had a brief conversation about this. So let me tell you where we are and then tell you why we need your help.    Right now, the President had submitted a budget that had a base amount of $561 and our Budget Committee is currently marking up a budget with a base of $523. They are indicating that they want to make up the difference to that jagged edge of the lowered number, as you said, Mr. Chairman, by OCO, so that the aggregate number, as you said, Mr. Chairman, would be somewhere around $613.    You sort of said, however you cobble it together, but how you cobble it together does make a difference. And I would like you guys to help us with this. I have told the Budget Committee that making it up with OCO does not work. Seventy members of the House signed a letter and sent it to the Budget Committee asking to honor the base budget number of $561 that the President asked for.    What I have said to the Budget Committee is that they should ask you guys. So this is my asking you guys; help us.    So Mr. Secretary, you said that, one, it affects because based upon--this is the basis upon which you build your next budget. That is certainly important. But we don't need to hear that it is an issue of ``rather.'' I think there are structural issues, as Ms. Duckworth was going to, that are important that could impede your ability to access those funds.    One, the National Defense Authorization Act isn't marked up until December. Your fiscal year begins in the fall. Tell us why a base of $523 with an OCO of $90-plus billion doesn't work? Or, you are going to be facing that.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Secretary, one more thing, to jump in, because you have said that point before. You said that the President would veto a bill that legislates sequestration. If we pass a budget that has $523 as the base and we send you a National Defense Authorization Act that is a base of $523 with OCO of $90-plus billion, is that within that veto threat?    Mr. Turner. Okay. Now, getting to, Mr. Chairman, OCO, Mr. Secretary, there are restrictions. If we don't lift those restrictions in our bill, the NDAA doesn't get passed until December and your fiscal year begins before that. Won't you have a period of time, almost a quarter of a year, where you can't use the money?    Mr. Turner. So you guys have got 40 more seconds. If you want to tell the Congress why they shouldn't do this, you should do it now. Because otherwise, you will be facing this.    General Dempsey. I am not going to tell the Congress why they shouldn't do it; the Congress makes its own decisions with my advice.    My advice is that we need to fix our base budget, because you build the institution through the base budget, and you respond to contingencies with the fund called Other Contingency Operations.    We submit a 1-year budget but in the context of a 5-year Future Defense Plan, and we won't have the kind of certainty we need over that period if the current strategy is followed.    But look, as you heard the service chief say, you know, we are at the point where this is better than nothing, but frankly, it doesn't do what we should be doing for defense in a predictable fashion.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    The Chairman. I would mention to the gentleman, it is going to be before December before we have a defense authorization bill this year. Senator McCain and I are determined to move--I know it is different than we have had in the past, but it is going to move a whole lot quicker.    Mr. O'Rourke.