    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I truly appreciate your leadership and being true to your word to craft a bill to assist Puerto Rico, and I, as a representative from a territory, am also very concerned.    I appreciate the language that clarifies the other territories covered by this provision must opt in to the control through a vote of the legislature and with concurrence of our governors. While I can empathize with the policy decision to try to keep the bill clean, unfortunately, the problems of this fiscal crisis are cross-jurisdictional. The debt crisis will not be resolved through debt restructuring alone but, rather, will need additional fixes.    Guam and the other territories, while we are nowhere near the crisis that Puerto Rico is in, could very well be headed down that road should these fixes not be addressed. So, thus, I remain disappointed that the bill does not address issues such as Medicaid, the EITC, and government pensions. I, and the other delegates from the territory, sent a letter to the committee last week reiterating our support for these fixes.    The Administration's proposal includes the other territories in removing the caps on the Medicaid program, readjusting our FMAPs, as well as providing a cover over to the nearer Tax Code jurisdiction on providing EITC.    I simply do not believe that the proposals that we are looking at now will resolve Puerto Rico's problems. So we are doing all that we can to be proactive in ensuring that what is happening to Puerto Rico does not happen to the rest of us.    So, Mr. Weiss, I have a question for you. This bill authorizes an oversight board and debt restructuring for Puerto Rico which will address their debt crisis. However, will this legislation fix their cash-flow issue or help with the other issues I have mentioned, such as Medicaid or EITC? Wouldn't it be helpful for this to be included and for the territories to be considered in this fix as well?    And, if you could make your answer brief, because I have very little time.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much.    Professor Johnson, you are an advocate for an investment-led recovery for Puerto Rico, and I understand that you have also cautioned that reducing the minimum wage would induce more Puerto Ricans to leave. So I ask: Does keeping the minimum wage at $4.25 an hour increase the likelihood of (1) more Puerto Ricans having to rely on government assistance and/or (2) more Puerto Ricans having to leave the island for better economic opportunity?    How would this minimum wage provision impact the long-term economic outlook for Puerto Rico?    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you.    And, Mr. Weiss, I have my third question and last question. The bill clearly prohibits elected officials from Puerto Rico from serving on the control board. Now, I understand that, while not explicit, there is a conflict-of-interest provision that would also prevent representatives with ties to bondholders from serving. Is this provision sufficient to prevent any potential conflicts of interest?    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Gohmert.