    Mr. Olson . Thank you. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. Gentleman's time has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Collins, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olson. The gentleman yields back. The Chairman has 5 hours of questioning. Good, you are paying attention. 5 minutes.    I want to sum up. Pretty clear that back home people are more concerned about what will happen if some foreign government that is hostile to our nation takes over the role played by ICANN right now. I am a former Naval aviator, so we plan the worst case scenario, what bad could really happen. So, if bad things happen after this transition occurs, what is our recourse? What can we do to stop this from happening in the future?    If ICANN goes into effect, all of a sudden some bad actors take over, can we stop it? Can we recover? Because that is what they are concerned about back home. We turn it over, and it goes over forever. I mean, do we have some sort of breaker, some sort of mechanism to say----    Mr. Olson. And, Ms. Plonk, you are nodding your head. Do you agree with that? Want to add anything, ma'am?    Mr. Olson. Ms. Kehl?    Mr. Olson. Mr. Shears, your comments, sir?    Mr. Olson. Mr. Schaefer, your comments, sir?    Mr. Olson. So you all seem--if I just want to put words in your mouth, you all seem to think that this is OK, it is safe, we don't have to worry about it. There is all sorts of checks. You don't know what will happen, but if bad things happen, we can stop it, control it. Yes, Mr. DelBianco, Ms. Kehl, Ms. Plonk? OK.    Well, guys, I have one last comment. I want to follow up on the comments by former Chairman Barton and Mr. Doyle from Pennsylvania about moving the headquarters of ICANN to another country. Do those options include a state that was a former country? Is that considered another country, like the Republic of Texas? Does that work for there? Because, again, you have got me if that is what is going to happen. Is that--consideration? Laughter, OK.    Members have 5 days to submit questions for the record. Without objection, this hearing is adjourned.