    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you for being here.    We got a lot of hearings now on this subject. We have met with the commission, active and retired members of the services and the DOD, the Surgeons General, the private sector, the public sector, and now stakeholder groups. And I am reminded that the purpose of walking is to get somewhere, and we are getting to that point where I think we need to come to some kind of a landing, and that is what we are working on.    And as I think about our objectives, it's clearly readiness and it's clearly keeping our end of the bargain--family care and providing for people. And I think those two are front and center to me.    Rather than asking you detailed questions, I'd actually like to lay out a broad framework that is beginning to gel in my mind and I would like you to react to it. And that framework is a couple of changes to the current system.    One would be a consolidation of the medical health system into a consolidated command, rather than having each service run their own hospitals. And then the Surgeons General would focus on training, equipping, and supporting, not running a system.    Two would be granting broad authority to this central command to change plans, to change delivery within broad cost constraints that we would define here.    Three would be investing in centers--military centers in areas of concentration of troops and families and increasing--in other areas where there is less concentration, increasing access to private health care.    And then lastly would be ensuring a vibrant military health Reserve system so that we can make use of health care professionals in the private sector who agree to be on Reserve status and go wherever whenever.    Could you each take--I have only got 3 minutes left. Could you each take a few moments to talk about pros and cons to that framework?    Mr. MacArthur. I am going to stop you there because I want the----    Mr. MacArthur . Other two--I would invite written responses to this, as well. But let me hear from the other two of you briefly.    Mr. MacArthur. I thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. MacArthur. Admiral, I had a follow-up question for you. You mentioned that you thought consolidation should be under the DOD, not OPM. I agree with that, but I am wondering, briefly, what your reasons for that are.    Mr. MacArthur. Okay. Thank you. And I think there are meaningful cultural changes between the two population groups.    Mr. MacArthur. Yes.    My other question was for Ms. Raezer and then Mr. Bousum. The admiral--admiral, excuse me, mentioned that you polled very high--your members polled very high on access and choice being the highest priorities. I think that was you that said that.    And it seems to me as I'm listening that training of physicians and other health care professionals is vital on the readiness side of the objective, and access and choice is vital on the family care side, and how do we balance those two?    I wondered if your members would--if you have polled them, do you think they would poll as high--or maybe you have already done that work and you can answer--would they be in the 80 percentile, as well, that access and choice are the highest priorities?    Mr. MacArthur. I thank you.    And, Mr. Bousum.    Mr. MacArthur. Okay.    Since I have a moment, Admiral, I'd like to say that your representatives in southern New Jersey, which is what I represent, have done a superb job of making me aware of the issues that matter to your members. Whether it is concurrent receipts or other things, they really have been very, very effective in being in front of me on those.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back with that.