    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Chairman Barletta.    Indeed, I thank you for holding this hearing because I have had a long-term issue with independent leases apart from the expert agency that Congress said should do the leasing, and we have had some terrible mishaps when that was not done and agencies essentially acted like the world was theirs. They say let us see if we can find the best opportunity for us, not necessarily the best opportunity for the Government.    But in light of the fact that I have long been critical of agencies independently doing their own leasing, Mr. Wise, I was interested that you looked at 37 independent leases. It says ``selected independent leases,'' but I assume that they were randomly selected, and found comparable to or lower than the GSA rates.    How do you account for that?    Mr. Wise. Ms. Norton, thanks for the question.    It could be any number of reasons for that. There are cases where they are looking at various properties. There may be they are willing to take property with fewer tenant improvements than, say, a Government property, or there could be a possibility that they will take it as is, which means that they are willing to shoulder some of the burden themselves or not get involved in big, expanded kinds of improvements. Location could also make a difference.    Ms. Norton. But some of these may have been opportunities that perhaps anybody could have seen, and the agencies saw them and took advantage of them, and the kind of expertise that GSA is purported to have might not have been necessary to see these opportunities.    Mr. Wise. We learned in talking to GSA and others that there are somewhat more stringent requirements in GSA-related leases that have to do with security, that have to do with things like seismic requirements that may not be relevant for the independent leasing authority which may not necessarily get engaged in those kinds of things, and from what we understood----    Ms. Norton. At least I would have thought security and all of that sort of thing was relevant for every leasing authority, particularly anywhere near the Nation's capital or the national capital region.    Mr. Wise. Well, there can be, but at least according to the GSA officials, the GSA standards can be somewhat higher for some of these things depending on the type of building and the location, as well as the environmental aspects of the building, like seismic and energy saving requirements and this sort of thing.    So those were reasons that we found during the course of our work, ma'am.    Ms. Norton. This question would be, I suppose, both for Mr. Wisner and Mr. Wise.    I recall that in fact--this is an ongoing event--there is going to be development taking place at the old soldiers' home here in the District of Columbia. I believe that the DOD wants that to take place as a way to support the soldiers' home and the soldiers who are there.    And it is interesting that they reached out to GSA and essentially gave GSA the authority. Now, this is DOD. DOD does some--some?--a great deal of construction of its own, but I believe, recognizing that this construction was occurring in an urban neighborhood, they might have felt that GSA was the best actor in this case.    So my question is: does GSA offer; do agencies come to GSA to seek their advice or should an agency which is not in the business of construction not seek their advice and perhaps ask GSA to, in fact, do the construction or the leasing for them?    I do not see the advantage to the Government of the SEC saying, ``We are going to build ourselves a building,'' for example, to name an agency that did that in recent years.    Ms. Norton. Let me ask you this, Commissioner Wisner.    Ms. Norton. Suppose an agency does have the authority. You know who they are. Is there guidance form GSA available to agencies who have their own leasing authority? Surely they could do with some advice even if they do not ask for it.    Ms. Norton. No, I do not mean use GSA. I am talking about agencies, none of whom are in the business of leasing or construction, who might never even think of GSA. All they think about is they have the authority. So let me go willy-nilly at it.    If they had a piece of paper that said let us see what the expert agency says is the way to approach this, would that not be useful to agencies who have such authority?    Ms. Norton. Say it again.    Ms. Norton. All right. I just want to say that is not what I am talking about. I am talking about leasing authority, the kinds of issues to look for. The issues that, for example, Mr. Wise said some found apparently on their own and got comparable or rates that were even better.    One more question if I might. I had a roundtable last year because I have been concerned over a number of years with holdover and short-term leases, and there was, if anything, a backlog of such leases.    Actually the GSA did a report. I thought it was an excellent report. It showed very substantial progress being made in the elimination of holdover leases and a commitment to finding long-term solutions for all of the outstanding leases in this region, which is perhaps the most heavily leased region in the country, to find long-term solutions for leases expiring before September 30, 2017.    So Assistant Commissioner Wisner, I would like to ask you: are you on track to find long-term solutions? That means no short-term or holdover leases by September 30 of 2017.    And what strategy are you using to avoid a holdover or short-term leases in the future?    Ms. Norton. Is that where you expected it to be by this time, Mr. Wisner?    Ms. Norton. What does it mean, a ``long-term solution''?    Ms. Norton. Does the new footprint, the reduced footprint help or hurt your timetable to get rid of short-term leasing?    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much for your indulgence, Mr. Chairman.