    Mr. Walden. We will call to order the subcommittee on Communications and Technology. And I certainly welcome our witness, Mr. Wilkins, from the Federal Communications Commission. We are honored to have you with us today.    We are here today to talk about the FCC's fiscal year 2016 budget request. Today, as we commence a series of hearings into the agency's reauthorization, I hope to start with the basics and take a close look at the Federal Communication Commission's budget request for fiscal year 2016. This is similar to the hearing we had last year on the FCC's budget request, and I believe fully, as the oversight committee, we need to always take this action.    This year is a request for $530 million in spending authority that, if approved, would be the highest spending authority in the history of the agency. When the FCC was last formally reauthorized in 1990, its appropriated budget was a little shy of $117 million.    Much has changed since the last reauthorization of the commission. The industries and markets, certainly, that the commission overseas have, without question, undergone dramatic changes and continue to evolve at a rapid pace. But in the intervening years the FCC has struggled to reflect the evolution of technology that has brought about the integration of voice, video, and data services and the significant shifts in consumer consumption patterns that have resulted.    On the contrary, because it is structured in much the same way as its governing legislation, the Communications Act of 1934, the agency continues to reflect a regulatory scheme predicated on separate titles for specific network technologies and services. Now, this siloed scheme is out of touch with the convergence of technologies in the modern digital era and deserves reform. Nowhere is the Communications Act's failure of imagination more evident than in the FCC's decision to reclassify broadband service under rules developed to regulate the telegraph's heyday, by restructuring a regulatory scheme that had been going the way of the single-use copper line telephone network it was intended to govern, three FCC commissioners repudiated years of light touch regulation of the Internet under both Republican and Democratic administrations.    Now, all this is something some of have differing opinions on in this subcommittee. Our purpose today is not to delve into the issues of net neutrality, but rather to get into the issues of the way the agency has operated and the budget they propose.    The FCC has requested an increase in its budget to $505 million, including $388 million in budget authority from regulatory fee collections, and $117 million from auction funds. That is an increase of $59 million from the fiscal year 2015 appropriation. Specific items noted in the request includes the usual pay raises for personnel, but also includes funds for the implementation of the public safety answering points do-not-call registry, as required by the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012, $3 million in costs for the National Broadband Map that the FCC inherited from NTIA when it ran out of stimulus funds to pay for it, a $5.8 million increase in recurring and a $11.7 million one-time increase in IT costs, $51 million in additional funds as the agency prepares to move or restack as their building lease expiration date approaches.    One component of the request that resonates in particular, and is in addition to the $59 million increase in funding, is a request for a $25 million transfer from the Universal Service Fund to pay the FCC's costs related to administration of the fund, raising the total increase to $84 million.    In the past, Congress funded the FCC's Office of Inspector General with a transfer of USF funds for the purpose of bolstering audits and investigations to address waste, fraud, and abuse in the fund following a GAO report, and those funds have been expended by the Office of Inspector General over the last several years. The request for $25 million is not for audits and investigations by the Office of Inspector General which, based on our last hearing, appears to have a rocky relationship with the chairman's office, but to reimburse the commission for the costs of performing the core function of implementing section 254 of the Communications Act. This is a disturbing proposal, I would tell you from my perspective. Mr. Wilkins states in his testimony that recovering these costs from the fund will relieve the burden on companies with no relationship to USF that pay fees to the commission. However, this realignment, as it is called, would create a separate funding stream for the agency that comes directly out of the pockets of consumers to implement and support a subsidy program the size of which is determined by the FCC and that has become so large and burdensome that it appears that it has outgrown the FCC's capacity for adequate oversight. It is even more disturbing when we recognize the fact that the Universal Service Administrative Company, USAC, an independent organization designated to manage the fund, already draws in excess of $100 million a year from the fund for its administration and oversight, and that the FCC's Office of Inspector General dedicates a portion of its funding to USF audits and investigations. According to its last report, USAC had 356 employees at a cost of $41.6 million.    We have more work to do, obviously. We welcome you here.    Mr. Walden. I have used up the balance of my time. I now recognize my friend and colleague from California, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Walden. Gentlelady yields back the balance of her time.    The chairman recognizes the gentleman from----    Mr. Walden. Of course.    Mr. Walden. Without objection.    Mr. Walden. Now we recognize the gentleman from Ohio, the vice chair of the subcommittee on Communications and Technology, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Gentleman yields back the balance of his time.    Chair recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Gentleman yields back the balance of his time.    As I said in my opening statement, this is an annual process authorization committees are supposed to go through to review budgets, so that is why we are here today.    And, Mr. Wilkins, we are delighted you could join us today as the managing director for the Federal Communications Commission, a big duty, and we welcome your testimony and the work you do down there. Please go ahead.    Mr. Walden. I appreciate that, and I appreciate the leadership you have given.    I want to go back to this ratio, the 13 times, because $79 billion of that actually is from three auctions----    Mr. Walden . Correct? You are not going to sit here and guarantee me that you are going to return 13 times investment every year, year in and year out. It is really pretty lumpy in there.    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. Yes, right.    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. But the commission itself is not generating 13 times investment year in and year out.    Mr. Walden. There you go. I believe you are aware that the committee sent an oversight request to the commission on February 18, asking for a set of information related to the commission's regulatory and administrative processes, that request was signed by me and Chairman Upton and Chairman Murphy, motivated by a concern with the variety of lapses that we perceive in the way the commission has been conducting its regulatory and administrative business. As you may be aware, the due date for that production of that information was today, and I was distressed to be informed by my staff a little while ago that that apparently is not going to be available today, which we had hoped. I don't know how much you have been involved in that matter, but I hope you will convey the following message to the chairman's office, that we understand the commission and staff is very busy, we do not intend to pose meaningless or trivial obligations, but we do take seriously our oversight responsibility. With respect to this specific request, I would strongly recommend the chairman's staff make available every effort to comply with our information request by today's deadline. Based on the rigor of the response, we will make every effort to work with the chairman and his staff to be fair and reasonable.    Do you have anything to add to that?    Mr. Walden. So there have been some issues come up lately I wanted to ask you about, given your expansive role there. Does the FCC have policies or rules regarding staff use of social media, such as Twitter, in their capacity as employees of the commission, and do these policies or rules proscribe a recordkeeping and retention policy for those communications?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. All right. Recently, it was reported that a senior member of the Greenhill and Company had left his position and joined the commission as a volunteer. I have a couple of questions here. Could you describe what he will be doing? Didn't the commission contract with Greenhill to perform work related to the auction? I would like to know about that contract, was it competitively bid, was Greenhill the lowest-cost bidder, when was it awarded, you know, the basic sort of oversight that we need to do here. What can you tell me about this issue involving Greenhill and Company?    Mr. Walden. OK.    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Yes.    Mr. Walden. Yes, we will have more questions on that for the record, but the extent to which you can follow up, and we are trying to get this information back because, you know, the week after--when we return after next week, we will have all five commissioners here, and so it would be, I think, helpful for that hearing if we had----    Mr. Walden . Some of this information. And so we will follow up with more of the questions related to Greenhill.    So let me move on to the USF issue because that is one that has obviously gotten our attention. It appears that a little less than \1/2\ of the $25 million in the Universal Service Fund is going to the Wireline Competition Bureau, is that accurate?    Mr. Walden. And is any of that money going to the Wireline Competition Bureau?    Mr. Walden. And for what purpose and what kind of USF work does WCB do?    Mr. Walden. And is any of that money going to the International Bureau, and if so, for what purpose and what kind of work do they do?    Mr. Walden. All right.    Mr. Walden. And is any of that money going to the Office of Legislation Affairs? There are other bureaus and offices that are slated to get some of this money, correct?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. All right. I have a couple of other issues for the record that I will add to that, but my time has expired. And again, I thank you for your testimony and the good work you do.    And now, I would recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Walden. You are welcome.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Wilkins.    We will now turn to the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Latta.    Mr. Walden. Thank the gentleman.    Now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for questions.    Mr. Walden. Thank you very much. The gentleman yields back.    And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Gentleman yields back the balance of his time. Appreciate his participation in the hearing.    I am going to yield a minute to Ms. Eshoo who wanted to do some follow-up comments.    Mr. Walden. Thank the gentlelady for her comments.    And, Mr. Wilkins, as you know, our committee is very interested in doing its due diligence here, just as you are at the commission. You know we have a lot of questions that we have given you to work on, and again, in my opening questions there are some we would really appreciate getting the answers to before the five commissioners are here in a little over 10 days. So we appreciate that. And we will continue to go back and forth with you on the data requests that the committee has had. And again, thank you for the work you do down there, and thank you for participating in our hearing.    And with that, we stand adjourned.