    Mr. Carpenter. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you very much for the opportunity to testify in support of the Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act. My name is Jot Carpenter and I serve as vice president of Government Affairs for CTIA, the Wireless Association, though I'm here today on behalf of the Download Fairness Coalition. CTIA is a member of the DFC, a group of 29 companies and organizations whose unifying principle is the belief that the Internet economy requires a consistent national framework to guide the way that states and localities exercise their right to tax digital products and services.    That consistent national framework is embodied in H.R. 1643, sponsored by your colleagues Lamar Smith and Steve Cohen, whom we thank for their leadership and commitment to addressing our concerns. The Smith-Cohen bill achieves the objective we seek while embodying basic principles of fairness for consumers and those like CTIA's members that effectively service the agents of the states. All while avoiding the imposition of any new taxes and respecting each state's determination on how or if to tax digital products. It is framework that only Congress can enact to provide the certainty, stability, and safeguards needed to keep the digital economy a thriving part of our overall economy.    At its core, the bill seeks to achieve two equally important objectives. First, it seeks to preclude multiple jurisdictions from claiming the right to tax the same transaction by clearly assigning one jurisdiction, the customer's home jurisdiction, the authority to impose taxes on digital goods. Second, it seeks to preclude discriminatory taxation of such commerce to ensure that digital goods are taxes at the same rates and under the same rules that apply to physical goods.    Now, with respect to the first of these objectives, H.R. 1643 draws upon the successful model that this Committee created 15 years ago for wireless and voice services. The Mobile Telecommunications Sourcing Act established a successful national framework to guide how state and local jurisdictions may tax wireless voice services eliminating the chance of double taxation while simplifying carrier administration and end user bills.    The MTSA has proven durable and effective, and it offers a fine model for how digital products should be treated. But as was the case with wireless voice 15 years ago, Congressional action is needed because the states and localities have neither the ability nor the Constitutional authority to create the necessary framework on their own.    With respect to the second of our objectives, H.R. 1643 establishes the simple principle that digital goods should not be subject to discriminatory taxation. The discriminatory taxation of communication services and digital commerce has been widely acknowledged as problematic since the Advisory Commission on Electronic Commerce, on which Grover served, delivered its report during the Clinton administration and increasingly the digital nature of our economy demands a solution to this inequity.    There is no reason why this summer's beach reading should be taxed differently if it is downloaded to a Kindle or a tablet that if it is purchased in paperback at the local drug store. And H.R. 1643 will ensure that digital and physical goods are subject to the same treatment. While it is proper to leave to the states the decision about whether and at what level to tax these goods, it is a completely reasonable exercise of Congressional authority to prevent discrimination among them.    The important nondiscrimination provisions of H.R. 1643 also complement other bills before the Committee; such as the Goodlatte-Eshoo Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act and the forthcoming Lofgren-Franks Wireless Tax Fairness Act. H.R. 1643 and those bills will move us away from a tax system designed for the long-passed days of Ma Bell and instead align our telecom system with the age of the smartphone and mobile broadband. Today's information economy deserves no less.    Mr. Chairman and Members of the Subcommittee, thank for this opportunity to testify in support of H.R. 1643. I hope the Committee and the House will approve the bill at the earliest possible date.    Thank you.    Mr. Carpenter. Mr. Chairman, I believe you do. I think it is a very reasonable exercise of the commerce clause. There is a fairly high standard for suggesting to states that they can't tax, but it has been long upheld by the courts that it is a reasonable exercise of Congressional authority to tell them how they may tax. And that is what this bill does. It says we are going to have a national framework and some basic rules to address the sourcing issue, and we are going to have some rules around nondiscrimination.    That is all the bill does. I think it is a completely reasonable exercise of the Committee's authority.    Mr. Carpenter. Are we done? Mr. Carpenter. With respect to the Digital Goods bill, I think clarity and simplicity absolutely would benefit not only consumers and the businesses that are trying to serve as agents of the states, but clarity in the form of this legislation would benefit the states. I think it is a very open question today whether they have clear authority to tax in the digital goods space. I think it is very analogous to when this Committee acted 15 years ago to bring some clarity to how mobile voice was dealt with. And I think for that reason the legislation would benefit all sides of the equation; consumers' businesses and states alike.    Mr. Carpenter. Sales tax on a digital good would be owed by the purchaser of the digital good.    Mr. Carpenter. Ohio would be the tax authority. And the consumer, to the extent they----    Mr. Carpenter. We certainly think clarity in this space would be helpful and should come from Congress.