    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Chairman Loudermilk, and thanks to you, our witnesses, for being here today.    All data breaches that expose sensitive personal information should be taken very seriously. In today's digital age, our sensitive personal data is everywhere. When we swipe our credit cards at the grocery store, renew our driver's license at the Department of Motor Vehicles and passports at the Department of State, or visit the emergency room at the local hospital or the bank around the corner, our sensitive, personal, and financial data is processed, stored, and entrusted to those entities to safeguard it and ensure that it is not inadvertently breached or intentionally stolen.    But that has happened seven times in the past 7 months in major cyber breaches at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. None of these breaches were the result of sophisticated hackers, foreign adversaries, or cyber criminals. And those that downloaded this data, including Social Security numbers and suspicious activity reports, did not use high-tech digital tools. They simply plugged in their thumb drives and other removable media to their FDIC workstations in that office and downloaded sensitive, personal, and financial data onto their personal storage devices. These actions jeopardized the data security of thousands of individuals, multiple banks, and potentially criminal investigations.    In virtually every--each of these seven instances the FDIC has said the sensitive data was inadvertently downloaded and that there was no malicious intent. In all of these cases the FDIC was able to recover the data, and the former FDIC employees signed affidavits saying they had not shared the data with others.    However, in at least one case, according to FDIC's own records, a former employee who downloaded such data was evasive about her actions and not cooperative when initially confronted by FDIC staff. Some FDIC employees also suggest that it was highly improbable that this former employee's actions were accidental.    In addition, this former employee is now working for a U.S. subsidiary of a non-U.S. financial services company, which raises additional concerns. I would remind FDIC that in 2013 an Inspector General review of another much more serious cyber accident at the agency resulted in one senior official in the CIO's office leaving the agency and another being demoted.    My understanding is that this response by these former officials to both the Chairman of the FDIC and the IG's office and the Government Accountability Office lacked candor in both of their descriptions of the extent of this penetration and potential consequences to the agency.    I hope IG's office will be able to clarify whether or not all of the recent data breaches were inadvertent, as the FDIC has claimed, when his office completes the two audits they are currently working on regarding FDIC's handling of major cybersecurity incidences in the coming weeks. I also hope that the IG's office can shed some light on the reasons why the office of the Chief Information Officer and the FDIC failed to inform Congress of these major incidences within the 7-day time frame required by the guidance from the Office of Management and Budget and that issued in the late October 2015.    I believe that FDIC has already taken some positive steps in responding to the recent data breaches, phasing out the use of removable media, for instance. I encourage them to continue to ensure that sensitive data is not intentionally or inadvertently breached, but I would also request that the new CIO, Mr. Lawrence Gross, who is testifying with us today, to keep Congress appropriately and fully informed in a timely manner when major cybersecurity incidences do occur.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and my time's expired. I yield back.