    Mr. MCTIGUE. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Chu, Congressman Hanna. I am pleased to be here today to discuss our work on small employers' use of the health insurance tax credit.    The tax credit was established as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to help small employers provide health insurance for their employees. Our findings indicate that use of the credit has continued to be lower than expected, limiting the effect of the credit on expanding health insurance coverage through small employers.    As we discussed in our 2012 report, small, low-wage employers historically have not offered insurance for three reasons. First, health insurance is expensive and drives up the cost of labor. Second, lower-wage employees generally prefer cash over benefits. And third, insurers of small employers face high costs and are less able to pool risk across many employees. As a result, plans for small employers are likely to have higher premiums and fewer benefits.    Government estimates indicate that about 86 percent of employers who may have been eligible for the full credit and 76 percent who may have been eligible for a partial credit did not offer their employees health insurance in 2013. While government and industry estimates place the number of eligible employers somewhere between 1.4 and 4 million, only about 181,000 employers claimed the credit in 2014. This is down slightly from 2010 as shown in Figure 1 of my statement.    In our 2012 study, we identified four key reasons why small employers did not claim the credit based on interviews with groups representing small employers, tax preparers, insurance brokers, as well as discussion groups with small employers themselves. First, the amount of the credit is too small to influence employers to offer or maintain insurance. This is because few small employers actually qualify for the maximum credit since the credit is phased out to zero as the number of employees reach 25 full-time equivalents and average wages approach $52,000. And the credit is limited to the average premium in the small group market in the State.    In our report, we found that only about 17 percent of employers who claimed the credit in 2010 were eligible for the full amount. Usually, employers could not meet the average wage requirement. In fact, 68 percent did not qualify based on wages, even though they met the FTE requirement. Second, the credit can only be claimed for 2 consecutive years beginning in 2013. We found that employers may be reluctant to provide a benefit that they may have to take away later when the credit is no longer available and they are faced with higher costs for premiums. Third, GAO also found that the cost and complexity involved in claiming the credit was significant, deterring small employers from claiming it. For example, a major complaint that we heard had to do with the effort required to gather information on the number of hours worked for each employee in order to calculate full-time equivalence in the associated average annual wages. Tax preparers told us it could take 2 to 8 hours to gather the necessary information and that they spent 3 to 5 hours calculating the credit. Fourth, many small employers have also reported that they were unaware of the credit. In response, the IRS developed a communication strategy that includes written materials, a website, and outreach to interest groups. However, the effectiveness of this outreach is unknown.    Our 2012 report also discussed ways that the design of the credit could be altered to spur greater use of the credit. Options include increasing the amount of the full credit, the partial credit, or eliminating the State average premium cap. Other options would expand eligibility by increasing the FTE and wage limits for employers. And some options involve simplifying the credit calculation by using the number of employees and wage information already reported on the employer's tax return, or offering a flat credit amount per employee rather than a percentage. In recent years, Congress and the administration have proposed a number of changes to the credit as well. These include expanding the size of eligible employers, altering the phase-out rules, and allowing the credit to be claimed in more than 2 consecutive years.    In conclusion, expanding eligibility or increasing the amount of the credit may spur more small employers to claim the credit. However, these changes would increase the cost to the Federal Government.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Chu, and members of the Subcommittee, this concludes my prepared remarks, and I would be happy to take any questions.    Mr. MCTIGUE. Yes. The actual number of employees covered, it fluctuates year to year, but on average I would say it is around $800,000. So a larger number than the actual employers.    Mr. MCTIGUE. I do not have the figures. I can provide them for the record, but I do know that the overall costs, the take-up rate of the credit was much lower than originally estimated by CBO and JCT. And it continues to be lower than the revised estimates.    Mr. MCTIGUE. We did not look at what would necessarily be a better size standard. Obviously, there are tradeoffs associated with how you target a benefit, whether through the tax code or spending program. So expanding eligibility, expanding both on the FTE and average wage would have tradeoffs in terms of increasing the cost of the program or the tax credit to Federal Government, so those options have to be weighed. Complexity, as we have heard from all the witnesses, is a major issue. Reducing complexity can be achieved at relatively less cost, so that might be an option to pursue.    Mr. MCTIGUE. Yes. For today's statement, for today's report, we reached out to the IRS and obtained the most recent data available. Those data do differ from what we originally reported in 2012 for the tax year 2010. Basically, it is an issue of more returns having come in since we previously reported. Overall, the numbers are relatively low compared to the number of potentially eligible small employers. So I have not looked at the TIGTA numbers specifically. We can look at those and get back to you for the record, but again, I think you mentioned something in the order of $300,000 versus 181,000 that we reported today. Not a big difference compared to potentially eligible in the millions.    Mr. MCTIGUE. Not at this time. We would be happy to do so at the Committee's request.    Mr. MCTIGUE. We have not studied that issue. There are a number of factors that come into play. It could be the size of the company, companies coming in and out claiming the credit. As you are aware, the credit originally was available for up to 6 years when it was originally established. Beginning in 2013, it was only available for 2 years. Also, we mentioned one of the factors that we found was the lack of awareness, maybe part of the issue is companies becoming more aware of it and signing up for it.    Mr. MCTIGUE. I think in terms of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as, you know, a congressman in the United Sates, many people--the majority of people, the majority of workers receive their health insurance through their employers. I think it is something in the range of 55 percent of all employees receive through their employer or spouse's employer, something of that nature. Whether or not this was the best way or the most efficient way, the most equitable way to either incentivize small employers to provide health insurance or have all individuals have some sort of health insurance coverage, you know, there are tradeoffs in terms of different ways of requiring that, delivering the service. I mentioned, you know, would a spending program be more efficient? You know, a direct subsidy as opposed to a tax credit. The small employer health tax credit is a small piece of a larger strategy to provide health insurance for all individuals.    Mr. MCTIGUE. I would just say that again it comes down to a tradeoff between the cost to the government and cost-sharing overall. Certainly, if we expanded the credit or made it permanent and offered it to more people, a lot more people would benefit. However, it would cost the government a lot more.    Mr. MCTIGUE. Exactly.    Mr. MCTIGUE. Well, I think one area that you have heard from all, the three other witnesses, to look at simplifying how a small employer goes about claiming the credit. As we mentioned in our statement, you could use wage and employee counter information that is already available. It might not be as precise as FTEs and average ages, but there is a tradeoff between precision and targeting and the cost and complexity of the burden on small employers to comply in order to claim the credit. Obviously, you want a design that allows the most people eligible, the largest number of eligible employers to access the credit. Otherwise, it is a very inefficient way to provide this benefit.    Mr. MCTIGUE. Mr. Chairman, if I could add for the record.    Mr. MCTIGUE. In response to Ms. Chu's question about the 360 employers reported by TIGTA. The TIGTA account actually included partnerships and S corporations which are basically passthrough entities, whereas the 181,000 employers that we testified to are real employers. So that accounts for the difference. Thank you.