    Mr.  Vitiello. Thank you, Chairman DeSantis, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Lynch, and distinguished members of the subcommittees. It is an honor to appear before you today to discuss the role of the United States Border Patrol in protecting national security and defending threats against our border.    During my law enforcement career of more than 30 years in the U.S. Border Patrol, the border environment has changed not only the intentions, tactics, and capabilities of our adversaries, but also in our resources, our capabilities, and our operational approach to securing the border.    Today, we focus not only on responding to the complex and rapidly changing border conditions, but we also work to decrease the risk and potential threats. We do this through strategic and risk-based deployment of resources, and by expanding and increasing our capabilities through intelligence, information-sharing, partnerships, and operational collaboration.    In all border environments--land, air, and sea--technology is critical to security operations. Effective fixed and mobile surveillance and detection systems provide increased situational awareness of illicit cross-border activity. Advanced technology also increases our ability to identify changes in the border environment and rapidly respond as appropriate to emerging threats along and approaching our borders.    Detecting and interdicting terrorists and their weapons will also be a focus priority of the border security mission.    Also, the illegal cross-border activities of transnational criminal organizations involved in cross-border trafficking of guns, currency, human smuggling, and drugs pose a continuous threat to border security and public safety.    Responding to the continued flow of unaccompanied alien children and families across the Southwest border is also a priority.    The border regions in the United States are most secure when using a whole-of-government approach that leverages interagency and international partnerships as a force multiplier. The Border Patrol is an active participant in the DHS Southern Border and Approaches Campaign, and has a leading role in the Joint Task Force-West, an integrated operational approach to addressing the threat of transnational criminal organizations along and approaching the Southwest border. This effort directs DHS resources in a much more collaborative fashion to address the broad and complex range of threats and challenges, including illegal migration; smuggling of illegal drugs, humans and arms trafficking; illicit financing of such operations; and the threat of terrorist exploitation of border vulnerabilities.    The creation of the task force increases information-sharing between Federal, State, local, and international law enforcement agencies; improves situational awareness; enhances border-wide interdiction operations; and improves our ability to counter transnational threats and associated violence.    Using a risk-based and intelligence-driven approach, the Border Patrol and more broadly CBP and DHS will continue to enhance our efforts, anticipate and respond to threats to national security, and ensure the safety of the U.S. public.    The continued focus on unity of effort, in conjunction with intelligence and operational integration, the deployment of advanced technology, enhances our situational awareness, better enables us to effectively and efficiently detect, respond to, and disrupt threats in the Nation's border regions and approaches to the secure the homeland.    In closing, let me state the obvious. It is the men and women of CBP and the Border Patrol agents who face the threats that we will discuss today. Agents deploy in all manner of weather and rough terrain 24/7/365.    I am blessed to be in their leadership cadre. I am grateful for their dedication and professionalism. The Nation is safer, and the communities that they serve are better protected because of their efforts. They have my unwavering support and continued effort to let them do their jobs in the safest manner possible.    Thank you for having me as a witness today. I look forward to the opportunity to testify and your questions.    Mr.  Vitiello. Thank you, Congressman.    We found in our reporting that there's a multitude of factors that drive folks away from their home country, and then, like you say, get pulled into the U.S. So smugglers have taken advantage of the situation wherein people believe that if they came to the United States, they would be able to stay. We have reports that smugglers are actually using that concept to draw more people that might otherwise not consider the trip.    Mr.  Vitiello. So all of the entities, State, local, tribal, that are at the immediate border, and then we have important relationships in the contiguous countries, Canada and Mexico, with their federal police, with their immigration authorities, their customs group. And also CBP has the benefit of having a worldwide footprint. So in all the places where we're active, either providing services for people who are coming to the country or a liaison relationship in places like Mexico and Canada to exchange important law enforcement information.    So anybody that has the common interest of securing the border, gathering intelligence to aid in counterterrorism efforts, et cetera, those are all the people that we interact with.    Mr.  Vitiello. As a simple example with Mexico's immigration authorities, when the surge of unaccompanied minors started in 2014, several requests through the liaison and then official government requests for Mexico to do more at their southern border and the INM group, their immigration authority group, stepped up and effectively shut down some of the more common routes of people coming to the United States and was seeking out to prosecute smugglers who were responsible for some of that activity.    That led to an overall reduction in people who could use those routes. We are still challenged by that, but we were able to support their work with liaisons and mentors in Mexico to understand the challenges that they have and give them, where we could, tips and advice and mentorship so that they could do their work better.    Mr.  Vitiello. So we have also a very important relationship in Canada as well. We share information about threats that we perceive coming from the U.S. into Canada and vice versa, lots of information exchange. Then it is the responsibility of our leadership in the field to maintain good relationships with all law enforcement communities, so that we can identify and understand which of the threats are most important by community and then work together to abate them.    Mr.  Vitiello. So overwhelmingly, our resources are dedicated to the southern border. That is where the activity is represented by the large numbers, volumes of people, volumes of things, because of the nature of the real estate and the differences in both economies, et cetera.    But we also have important work that we do with Canada, and we do similar things as it relates to identifying where we need to be situationally aware on the border, technology to help us patrol and monitor. And then obviously the relationships are key in understanding the threats that are faced.    Mr.  Vitiello. So at CBP, and obviously this is true with other Federal law enforcement, is we help identify the criminal networks that are responsible for human trafficking, gun smuggling, illicit financing.    So what we do is we try to understand amongst ourselves, with them and ourselves, what the threats are and how to combat them, and then help identify by network which are the most problematic criminal enterprises.    Mr.  Vitiello. So it ebbs and flows, as it relates to the international engagement. I think in Canada, it has been stable and very well-used for quite some time.    In Mexico, it sort of ebbs and flows with the changes of administration, et cetera. But they have been a strong partner with us, especially at the Federal police level and their immigration authorities.    Mr.  Vitiello. No, I had not heard that.    Mr.  Vitiello. I did see that in media reports.    Mr.  Vitiello. It's not particularly my area, but I am aware of the reporting on that subject.    Mr.  Vitiello. I was not, Congressman. What area is this?    Mr.  Vitiello. We're not particularly well-staffed in Florida at all. Central Florida is not ----    Mr.  Vitiello. On the southern border, approximately 17,500 or so.    Mr.  Vitiello. Eight years ago, it would have been at least half that.    Mr.  Vitiello. I believe so.    Mr.  Vitiello. I think that our activity overall over the last several years has seen a reduction with the buildup of resources that we've had.    Mr.  Vitiello. I've seen various reports of the numbers. I think there was a time that those numbers were higher, and now have dropped off commensurate with the reductions.    Mr.  Vitiello. We are certainly more capable than we were, as far as the number of agents, the levels of technology, the infrastructure that has now been in place, and the improvements that we made.    Mr.  Vitiello. Well, we certainly have gotten much more capability.    Mr.  Vitiello. It is hard to measure deterrence. I think we have seen, if you look back over the historic highs in the number of arrests we were making, we have seen a reduction in that. The panel has already talked about insufficient measure of apprehensions alone, but we have seen reductions in activity that are commensurate with the improvements that we have made not only in sort of the physical structures, more agents, et cetera, but in other things that we're doing, post-arrest interviews, consequence delivery, et cetera.    Mr.  Vitiello. So we do track the number of arrests people have, both for criminal violations as well as their previous immigration history. Through things like the consequence delivery system, we target people who we know are going to be repeat offenders or re-cross multiple times, and then seek with the assistance of the U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. attorney offices locally, to prosecute those folks when we find them.    Mr.  Vitiello. So in the context of consequence delivery system, anybody that is a repeat offender we seek to use the maximum effect of Federal prosecutions when they are re-encountered by our officers in the United States. And in all the cities and the towns that are represented, we work with our State, local, Federal partners in the task force environment, and some of those are specifically dedicated to gang activity.    Mr.  Vitiello. So what we do is we aggregate the data to understand that when that person is in front of us and the agent is doing the booking procedure, when they run the fingerprints, they'll have a complete record of their previous criminal and immigration histories. And those that tip the scale, if you will, toward gang activity or known criminal offenses inside of that kind of criminal activity, then we'll work with the local U.S. attorney's office to get them prosecuted.    Mr.  Vitiello. In the concept of when agents are in what we call hot pursuit, when they are actively following a trail, even in a wilderness area, they have the ability to continue on that traffic. As it relates to infrastructure and other improvements that are made in certain protected lands, we have a three-agency memorandum of understanding with the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Interior to work through things like permitting, environmental assessments, for improvements that we want to make to install surveillance equipment or access roads, et cetera.    Mr.  Vitiello. As soon as we can do it, as soon as possible, is the best time frame.    Mr.  Vitiello. The MOU provides a mechanism for us to start the conversation and then work through the expectations and milestones to get things accomplished that we need to have done.    Mr.  Vitiello. Vitiello, correct.    Yes, I've heard the same thing. It varies by city, and it varies by the capacity that the Department of Justice has to schedule and notice those hearings.    Mr.  Vitiello. So in the case of Mexico and then others from Central America, both populations would be screened to make sure that they weren't victims of human trafficking. In most cases along the border with Mexico, we can facilitate their return into Mexico with the assistance of their government.    So the logistics and turning people over to ICE or to be placed with HHS doesn't necessarily always occur with folks from Mexico because we have a friendly neighbor, and they'll facilitate bringing their citizens back, repatriating them.    Mr.  Vitiello. The law requires that both--all the populations are screened, so that they are not victims of human trafficking, these juveniles. So if they are from noncontiguous countries, then the law allows for us to do that screening, to do the booking procedure.    And once we recognize that they are unaccompanied children, then it's the work of DHS to transfer them to another government department, the Department of Health and Human Services, which puts them in a setting to where they can either be reunited with family in the States or cared for appropriately given their age.    Mr.  Vitiello. Correct.    Mr.  Vitiello. We do.    Mr.  Vitiello. That would require a change in the law, as far as I know.    Mr.  Vitiello. I'm not sure. I mean, I guess we'd have to look at exactly what--the contours of that. Certainly, in our relationship with Mexico, this is a smaller problem.