    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Wittman, for holding today's hearing on Navy force structure and readiness and for both of your leadership in terms of what has been a very strong bipartisan effort both in Seapower and Readiness that became part of the House defense authorization bill.    I have a written statement which I am going to enter for the record because we want to hear from the witnesses this morning. In quick summary--this year we have heard a refrain from combatant commanders, whether in the Pacific, whether it is Admiral Harris, General Breedlove, in the North Atlantic--again, really stressing the need for more Navy assets to be deployed. Admiral Harris with no prompting said he needs more ships and submarines, period. General Breedlove said it best, ``We are playing zone defense in terms of what is happening with a resurgent Russian navy.''    This year we came out with a very strong mark in terms of shipbuilding. Ten ships as the chairman noted, the largest boost since the Reagan era in terms of investment in shipbuilding, but as all the witnesses know, that is the long game. You don't build a sub overnight or a carrier overnight or a destroyer. And in the meantime we have got to focus on what is really the focus of today's hearing, which is that we have got to have the operational availability and that means looking at something that sometimes doesn't get quite the banner headlines in the way that maybe shipbuilding does. And that is obviously, making sure that the readiness investments and systems are in place so that when Admiral Harris or General Breedlove is putting out a demand signal that the country can respond to it.    Again, there is no better testimony than the folks that are here at the table this morning. Admiral Davidson it is good to see you again after our visit last year, earlier. Captain Stearns, thank you again for the CODEL that we organized. And again, Congress has some skin in this game as well. CRs do not make this problem any easier and I hope we are going to hear from the witnesses about ways that we can help from the legislative branch in terms of making sure there is that horizon, so that, again, these critical needs are gonna be satisfied.    Again, I want to thank both chairmen for organizing this important hearing today. Ask that my written statement be entered for the record and I yield back.    Mr. Courtney. Okay.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And again, just to go back over a couple of items that came up in the first round.    Captain McRae, I wanted to just kind of drill down a little bit deeper on your point about the Albany delay and, you know, what that means in terms of the submarine fleet long term.    Again, we spend a lot of time in the committee looking at the tile charts in terms of the size of the fleet throughout the 20s and 30s, and obviously we are going to have this bathtub that we are doing our best to try and mitigate with some of the shipbuilding, you know, provisions in the defense bill this year.    But your point was is that, you know, having an extra 15 months in availability, it is not like, you know, having your car in the garage for 15 months with a, you know, tarp over it. But, you know, the year doesn't matter so much in that context, you know, because it is the mileage that--you are saving on the mileage.    But with a submarine, you don't really save on the mileage because of just the hull life, as you mentioned. I was wondering if you could just sort of explain that a little bit more. So again, the record is clear about the fact that this is just pure wasted time.    Captain McRae. Yes, sir. So, as you said, you know, the hull lives of our submarines are carefully managed by the Submarine Force and the Naval Sea Systems Command. And we have varying intervals--op cycle, operational cycle intervals, and operating intervals that we manage to ensure that those lives--that they make it effectively to the end of life that is designed. And as we have with some of our submarines, that we are even capable of potentially extending those lives, depending on what we see in our certifications as they continue through their life cycle.    Maintenance periods, major maintenance periods we use to reset those op intervals and op cycles. And again, it is just something--those come with--whether it be maintenance that is done on the submarines themselves, or if it is just inspections and certifications that occur to certify that the material is holding up as expected, we don't find anything surprising such as cracks or improper welds or those types of things, and that the submarine is--is doing the things we need it to do and meeting its end of life.    So we will reset those periodically. The major depot avails are obviously part of the lifecycle maintenance. And those come at specific times in order to reset those--those intervals. It is all very finely tuned, kind of like gears in the turbine, if you will.    So, as the submarine maintenance period is delayed and that cycle gets off, we start impacting not only the life cycle for that particular submarine, but we also impact the life cycle of the other submarines around it. So for example, USS Boise is scheduled, because of her operating cycle and operating interval, to enter the shipyard this past October--because of delays to the Albany--she is lined up to go into the Norfolk Naval Shipyard.    Because of delays on Albany, we have been extending Boise's operational time in 3-month increments, just as we have been doing with Albany and trying to get her out of the shipyard and back to the fleet. As we do that, we run up against these op cycle and op interval limits to the point where now we are no longer capable of operating Boise at sea after this summer.    So any delays after that in her start date will be days that Boise will sit tied up to the pier, not in depot maintenance availability as she should be, but frankly just waiting on the depot maintenance to begin. And so, it is almost double the lost days if you think of it in that perspective.    We do everything we can locally to maximize the use of that time. We have been tasked to judiciously use all resources provided to us. And we take that charge very seriously.    And so, for example, when Albany was delayed, we pulled in maintenance that we could get done outside of the overhaul package into that period before she went into overhaul so that that would just help with executing the timeline of the depot maintenance and hopefully get her out on time. We will do the same thing with Boise while she sits tied to the pier, waiting on the overhaul to start.    But clearly, it is a significant impact and it is not as simple as saying, you know, well, I have lost one submarine day because one submarine is extended in the dry dock and in the shipyard. It is actually much more than that.    Mr. Courtney. Right. Thank you.    And so, again, it is just--that 15-month delay is just, again, it is just lost time for, you know, a vessel that cost roughly about $800 million or $900 million to build back in the day, and they are now about $2 billion a pop these days. I mean, this is--I mean, this is a really big cost to the country and to the taxpayer.    Captain McRae. Yes, sir. And the other thing that I would mention is the operational aspect of that. Clearly, it affects the operations of the Albany and the people, as we talked about before. But again, now, the duties and requirements leveraged on the submarine force for operational time, which is everything from forward deployments to local operations, to sub-on-sub certifications and training that we do to hone our warfighting skills.    All of those things now have to be levied on the other submarines that are available. So it crunches their schedules such that then they lose out on what we call commanding officer's discretionary time, the amount of time a commanding officer has to take his ship and his crew to sea and improve them and train them and get them up to the standards that he needs them to be.    You know, we constantly execute, assess and improve. And the assessment part is important. But the improvement part, the time to go to sea and fix your ship, if you will, raise the standards on board, that is even more important. And when we crunch the schedules, many times that is what we see being compressed is that commanding officer's discretionary time.    So we as a force do everything we can to defend it. But I will tell you, we are not 100 percent successful and we many times can't achieve the levels of commanding officer's discretionary time that we would prefer.    Mr. Courtney. Great. Thank you, Captain. And I was going to ask Captain Odenthal some questions, but I think my friend to the left here is going to take over that. So thank you again for being here today. I know your testimony is important to us.    And with that, I will yield back.