    Mr. Ellison. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Ranking Member.    Mr. Montoya, do you argue that when someone has worked for a membership association of a public housing agency and has that background, they should be prohibited from serving in leadership at HUD on public housing issues?    Mr. Ellison. Yes. You are well aware that there are people who come, do government service, who have been in the private sector but then come work at the FDIC, the OCC, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, things like that.    Mr. Ellison. It happens all the time. And then in the public housing space, would you say it is somehow unique from those other examples I gave?    Mr. Ellison. Thank you. And let me also mention that I just think that it is important--and I wonder if you agree with this--that experts in affordable housing and development and management who work for nonprofits or government should be able to work in public policy positions. As a general principle, it sounds like you agree with that.    Mr. Ellison. Okay. How would you describe how HUD is providing appropriate oversight of the IPA process so that IPA experts are provided with the guidance to meet all the requirements at the beginning of their service rather than later on down the line?    Mr. Ellison. Okay. Well, I just want to say that I am personally appalled by how poorly Congress has funded public housing. At this time--there has been a study that said that the maintenance budget for public housing--to get public housing back up to snuff at acceptable standards would be upwards of $26 billion. And yet in the last 10, 12 years we haven't come anywhere close to that. I am concerned about that.    You have people with inadequate lighting, elevators that aren't working, mold, all at the same time when low-income people all over this country really need housing. So this is something that continues to be a concern of mine. And, we are going to continue to watch this issue closely.    Mr. Ellison. Thanks for your service.    Mr. Ellison. And I will yield back.