    Mr. Crews. Thank you. I'm Wayne Crews, Vice President for Policy at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a libertarian policy and advocacy group. I thank the Committee for the invitation to address regulatory oversight.    $19 trillion Federal debt notwithstanding, when policymakers neglect regulation, they ignore, arguably, government's greatest influence in the economy. Both spending and regulation reorients societal resources and priorities. Yet, members may have noticed there's still no sign of the 2016 OIRA report to Congress, so what reviewed regulatory cost figures we have are nearly 2 years old.    Last year's report was the latest ever. Congress confessed to over-delegation last month in last month's Article I task force report, so code law is here to stay for the moment. OIRA should help lawmakers create a regulatory transparency supernova to spur economic liberalization.    I was struck by a businessman writing in the Financial Times. He said, when I am 100 percent utterly and completely certain that it is an absolute certainty that it is an absolute necessity that I need to recruit a new employee, I go to bed, sleep well, and hope the feeling is passed by morning.    While those doing the regulating see no problems, exasperation is rampant. Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus said the company couldn't succeed if started today. Other polls say businessmen wouldn't do it again, and startup rates and part-time employment rates affirm this.    Unemployment, like poverty, doesn't have causes. Both are the default state of mankind. Only wealth and production have causes, and regulatory zeal can derail enterprise. Problem is, legislatures rarely control spending, let alone the regulatory enterprise, and OIRA's central review machinery can't overcome presidents who deprioritize oversight or a regulatory system that frontally benefits rent-seeking special interests.    Over 3,000 rules are finalized annually, but only 13 rules in the 2015 OIRA report reviewed cost and benefits. The proportion of all rules with OIRA-reviewed cost-benefit analysis is less than 1 percent. On the rest, we don't have cost-benefit analysis; we have agency selfies. The 800-pound gorilla independent agencies get no OIRA scrutiny, nor do the thousands of guidance documents and memoranda that I've taken to calling regulatory dark matter.    Such chasms weaken the OIRA report's authority as a comprehensive survey of regulatory impact, especially since unmeasured categories of regulation propel cost as well, such as antitrust, the locking up of western lands, or the reluctance since the 1890's to move spectrums and other commons into market disciplines.    When government steers cross-sectorally, as it does today, it creates mounting costs, even if no future rules are issued, such as Congress' delivery of the Internet and, as of 2 weeks ago, drones into century-old public utility models. Also new is EPA's central planning of electric charging and hydrogen fueling stations in the wake of the Volkswagen settlement. Alas, much is beyond OIRA's scope.    Businessmen want to create jobs, but everything has limits. Jobs are a cost, they are a liability, and policymakers should recognize that. While a Vanguard study blamed hundreds of billions in cost on regulatory uncertainty, it said that sometimes the certainty of regulation is worse.    My optimism stems from knowing there will always be an America, even if it's not here, but I do not believe members wish to go to the mat maintaining regulatory overreach, and I hope members will jointly think through some North Star goals to enhance OIRA.    Ronald Reagan's Executive Order 12291 that energized OIRA in the first place showed the so-called pen and phone can also expand liberty by reducing Federal Register page counts and numbers of rules. Members can work with OIRA to enforce and codify the regulatory review executive orders, address independent agency costs, and illuminate regulatory dark matter.    Other steps noted in my written testimony include boosting OIRA resources and free market law and economics staff at agencies, pausing regulation, and implementing the bipartisan Regulatory Improvement Commission.    I highlight also the former regulatory program of the U.S. Government, a model by which OIRA could compile an annual regulatory transparency report to parallel the historical tables in the Federal budget. Optimally, reporting separately on economic, health, and safety, paperwork, and environmental and other costs.    So while central review hasn't worked, just possibly it could. When it comes to economic expansion, you don't have to tell the grass to grow, but you do have to take the big rocks off of it. So why not use OIRA as a lever?    Thank you very much.    Mr. Crews. The same. Yeah, well, it's one of the things that you look at what OIRA's purview is. There are 3,400 or so rules that go through every year, and OIRA looks at about 500 of them. There are about 60 that it looks at, including budget rules where there are just transfers involved, but then, it's just a very small handful that get any cost analysis at all.    But on top of that, as the economy gets more complex, I think there is a concern now--there was a hearing in the Senate last week on this, of so-called--of agency guidances and memoranda and notices and bulletins. There's a whole word cloud of these things that agencies are using now to effectuate policy, and I think that matters a lot.    We do have some review at OIRA. We didn't talk about it earlier when the administrator was here, but there is a good guidance practices memo from OIRA by which agencies can, they don't have to, present their so-called economically significant guidance. By my brief inventory of it, there are 580 pieces of that, but that's equivalent to the number of major rules at that go through every year. But those are scattered all over the place in terms of where you can find them on agency Web sites, so it's very, very difficult.    We've got a very complex economy now. We've got a lot of new high technologies coming across the board. The FAA just dropped its drone rule 2 weeks ago, and I was just curious about this guidance issue. And, I just glanced--it's a 500-page rule, but I glanced through it quickly, you know, doing some word searching, and there are at least six substantive areas in there where the agency says, Well, we're just going to issue guidance in the future.    The same thing has occurred with the Dodd-Frank law and the Unfair Deceptive Trade Practices principles there, not regulations forthcoming, but the administrator saying: We're not going to issue regulations. You just need to check with us.    FCC was brought up earlier. Page 88 in the 400-page Federal Communications rule on net neutrality, it says: Well, from now on, we're going to be using these administrative notices like the FCC--like the FTC does with respect to antitrust. So you see, we've got a complex economy now that's increasingly at risk of being regulated, not by laws passed by this Congress, not even by the regulations that go through the Administrative Procedure Act but more of this guidance. So that's why I think some of the guidance materials is of great concern.    OIRA does have some authority and even some ability, or it could just take the initiative to look at it and make the disclosure of it much more transparent.    Mr. Crews. The financial markets have been heavily regulated for 100 years. The Federal--we have a Federal Reserve. The Federal Government sets interest rates and money supplies. We testified, I don't know what Committee it was, but in 1999, making the case that the government--that government-sponsored entities that were extending homeownership beyond what could be handled was going to lead to problems. It's in the record. You can see that. So yet----    Mr. Crews. You asked the question about----    Mr. Crews. Your choice.    Mr. Crews. I don't understand----    Mr. Crews . Talk of a lack of regulation because in free markets, there's no such thing as a lack of regulation. Laissez faire doesn't mean companies get to run around and do whatever they want to do.    Mr. Crews. You said--no, I just said we had a heavily----    Mr. Crews . Regulated financial sector. But you have a lot of forces that are arrayed against companies that misbehave if you're not thinking that a central regulator is going to take care of the problem, and I don't think that they are.    Mr. Crews. Media, Wall Street, consumers.    Mr. Crews. A lot of them.    Mr. Crews. Consumers, media, exactly.    Mr. Crews. Well, maybe that they should have read the subtitle. This is The Washington Post. The paper that they're referencing was called, ``Tip of the Cost-berg.'' It's a working paper compiling OMB numbers on the cost of regulations on environment, health and safety, and OMB has quit compiling the paperwork cost that it ought to be compiling, and the economic regulatory cost that it ought to be compiling.    Nobody sees the same rainbow. We all look through different drops when we see it, and nobody sees the same costs and benefits of regulation. I use a low ball figure for the cost of regulation of 1.9, which OMB's numbers, back at the turn of the century, were over a trillion. There have been a lot more regulation since then, and these days, the NAM has a cost study on regulatory cost, annual regulatory cost of over $2 trillion, Mercatus has a new study with substantial cost for regulation. There's another----    Mr. Crews . Study of the cost of regulation that would put cost over 50 trillion a year.    Mr. Crews. Good.    Mr. Crews. I didn't remove them. It's still all in there. The Ten Thousand Commandments report is citing the Cost-berg figures where I have all those disclaimers there. I cannot go below those figures. Those are--those are using largely government's own numbers for the cost of regulation and then other compilations that are out there. As for--as for Donohue's----    Mr. Crews. Yeah. As for what he said, Ten Thousand Commandments is not an antiregulatory report, and the Competitive Enterprise Institute is not an antiregulatory group, and the majority here is not an antiregulatory entity. This is an OIRA hearing. We're talking about your job of reviewing the regulatory state and what the regulators, who are not elected, are doing.    So that's the purpose of the hearing. But the Ten Thousand Commandments is not an antiregulatory report. Your question is what does the best regulation? Is it always going to be a political system that does the best regulation, or do you need other kinds of disciplines to play a role?    Mr. Crews. I think looking at cumulative effects of regulations matter a lot, and even what Mr. Johnson said, what you said about OIRA's role in looking at and reviewing regulations, I think matters a great deal.    Mr. Crews. I did.    Mr. Crews. Yeah.    Mr. Crews. I just said I think the presentation of the--there need to have been a lot more review of regulations than it was, and I wish that we could use OIRA more effectively to govern that.    Mr. Crews. I've got to say a C, because----    Mr. Crews. One thing related to that, too, in terms of job effects of regulation, it'd be good to look at how regulations might stack up as a small firm grows. Mr. Trott had mentioned growing a business and had mentioned I couldn't do it today if I were setting out in this kind of a regulatory enterprise.    Well, if we disagree about that, let's find out why we disagree about it. Let's look at what laws are taking effect as this firm hits four employees, five employees, 10, and 49, and see what adds up, and look at it from the statutory side and from the regulatory side and see what we--what kind of inventory we have of how these things stack up when a small firm grows and affects job creation and job growth.