    Mr. Welch. Thank you very much. Welcome, Chairman Wheeler and Commissioner Pai. We really appreciate the work that you are doing. Just a couple of points. I am very encouraged by the tech transitions progress that you have been making. That is going to be very helpful to many more businesses that need efficiencies, and this is going to be helpful to consumers. I hope you don't stop there. One of my main concerns, I know a concern of many of us, is to have competition as much as possible in this area. We really do believe that that leads to innovation, and better prices for the consumers. So the special access issues continue to be of top concern to me.    And then finally I would like to just remind you of the bipartisan rural working group that Mr. Latta and I have set up, because there is so many of us, even if we represent urban areas, that have rural districts that have special problems, and oftentimes aren't the big markets, so we want to continue to work with the entire Commission to try to make certain that the rural service is there, and will be there, and will be the highest quality. Thank you very much, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Welch. Mr. Chairman, if your goal was to get his attention, you succeeded.    Mr. Welch. Thank you very much. I thank both of you for joining us today.    Chairman Wheeler, universal service, a really important issue, and I know that you have been implementing some reforms, and I am asking you to tell us what is the status of that, and what are you doing to make sure at the FCC that public resources are being responsibly used? And, actually, you can both answer that.    Mr. Welch. Right.    Mr. Welch. Right.    Mr. Welch. Let me hear a little from Commissioner Pai. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Welch. Well, thank you very much. The other thing, Lifeline, my view is that it is a really important program, but there is fraud, there is abuse. And one of the things that happens around here is that, out of frustration, when there is fraud and abuse, sometimes we attack the very existence of the program, rather than reform it. And I think where there is bipartisan agreement is that anything we can do to limit fraud and abuse, obviously, we want to do. What is the progress on Lifeline?    Mr. Welch. And that is for both of you.    Mr. Welch. Thank you. My time is up, but I don't know if you want to let Commissioner Pai add anything?