    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters for their work on this, as well as your own, and that of Vice Chairman Pittenger.    And of course, I thank our panelists this morning. Thank you for helping the task force with its work.    Today's Task Force on Terrorism Financing hearing will examine the dangerous nexus between terrorism, crime, and corruption. This hearing is particularly timely. The Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, identified terrorism and transnational organized crime as among the top eight global threats to U.S. national security when he testified this past February before the U.S. Senate's Committee on Armed Services.    According to Director Clapper, both terrorist and transnational criminal groups thrive in highly insecure regions of the world, with terrorist groups contributing to regional instability and internal conflict, while transnational organized crime groups exploit these environments for financial gain and corruptive influence.    One example of this can be found in Venezuela. Earlier this week, The Wall Street Journal reported that the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency and U.S. prosecutors in New York and Miami are investigating multiple high-level Venezuelan government officials, including Venezuela's National Assembly president, on suspicion they have turned the country into ``a global hub for cocaine trafficking and money laundering.'' The investigations are a response to an explosion in drug trafficking in that oil-rich country, U.S. officials say.    I bring up the example of Venezuela because Douglas Farah's prepared remarks for today's hearing discuss how a bloc of countries, led by Venezuela, now operate jointly both as a political project with an underlying goal of harming the United States and as a joint criminal enterprise. These countries are creating alliances across the globe with terrorist organizations, including Hezbollah, and the drug trade seems to be a huge source of the revenue propelling it.    The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control previously sanctioned corrupt Venezuelan government officials pursuant to the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act for acting for or on behalf of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, which is the narcoterrorist organization. And that is often in direct support of its narcotics and arms trafficking activities.    Furthermore, it is important to note that this crime, terrorism, and corruption nexus may not only play out in Venezuela, but in other parts of the world. As reported by the State Department in its April 2014 Country Reports on Terrorism, the Tri-Border region of South America that the chairman has just identified is reflective of the interrelationship between criminal activity, terrorism, and financing.    According to the report, the Tri-Border Area of Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay continues to be an important regional nexus of arms, narcotics, and human trafficking, counterfeiting, pirated goods, and money laundering, all potential funding sources for terrorist organizations.    I hope that this hearing will shed more light on the scope and pervasiveness of such threats. I look forward to hearing the testimony from our witnesses so we can further examine these issues and potential solutions.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you for your courtesy, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.    And, again, I want to thank the witnesses. We have had a chance to read your testimony, and it is very helpful.    Dr. Asher, for a while there with the Lebanese Canadian Bank we had great success using Section 311 sanctions identifying them as primary money laundering concerns. And it was not just us, it was the financial community that saw them as toxic, and everybody backed away. So it basically shot them out of the legitimate banking system, especially the United States.    Would this work if we expanded 311 to go after, say, the auto dealers in Benin or West Africa that are operating? If we continue to use that 311-type mechanism, would that be enough to choke off some of this funding?    Mr. Lynch. Let me stop you there. I have another question. I don't want to use all of my time.    We have a problem coming up, which is the agreement that the Administration is trying to pursue with Iran. We have sanctions against Iran and a number of banks that had previously worked with them on nonproliferation issues, and those are major sanctions, the Iran Sanction Act, the Iran-Syrian Sanction Act. And the President is negotiating taking away those sanctions, dropping those sanctions in return for assurances and verification that Iran is not actively pursuing a military nuclear program.    On the other hand, we also have a whole set of sanctions that are based on the work that you have been doing, which is Iran has also been financing Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad. According to Juan Zarate's book, they even gave money to al Qaeda.    So those activities, if we were to drop the sanctions and allow their economy to grow, what is to stop them from continuing that activity with respect to some of the work that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard is perpetrating, which is directly supportive of some of this illicit activity, the criminal activity that is happening in so many other countries?    Mr. Lynch. Right. And so is your understanding that those sanctions, 311, things like that, that are targeted towards the criminal activity that have been enforced by banks, these banks that don't want to do business with any bank that is doing business with Iran because of the criminal activity, those should remain, right?    Mr. Lynch. Right. Okay.