    Mr. KNIGHT. Good afternoon. Thank you all for coming. This hearing will come to order.    Before we begin, I would like to sincerely thank everybody for coming, and a special thanks to our witnesses for giving up some of their time today. I appreciate your willingness to take time out of your schedules and appear before this Subcommittee to talk about the barriers small contractors face when working with the Department of Defense.    I would like also to extend a warm welcome to my friend and colleague, Congressman David Valadao, from the 21st District. He has a lot of Bakersfield and Hanford, and a lot of those other little cities that you drive by on the 5.    I appreciate David coming down and helping us out with this.    Government contracting offers a unique opportunity to invest in small businesses while also stimulating our economy. Small businesses play a critical role in our economy and job growth, creating 7 out of every 10 private sector jobs. With our economy continuing to sputter along, it is more important than ever to invest in the small firms that support our communities and provide opportunities for our families. It is difficult to build a strong economy when its foundation, America's small businesses, is not strong itself.    Small business contractors are good for the government and good for the economy. Small businesses tend to be more nimble, responding to market changes more rapidly than larger counterparts, and they drive the innovation sector that makes America more agile in the global economy. They increase competition and innovation, create jobs, and save taxpayer dollars, which is why there is a statutory goal of awarding 23 percent of prime contract dollars to small businesses.    Having a healthy small business industrial base means that taxpayers benefit from the increased competition, innovation, and job creation. It also means that we can securely support programs crucial to our national defense instead of relying on foreign-made goods.    The percentage of dollars awarded to small businesses is a good measure of success, but it is not the only measure. Over the last 4 years, while the percentage of dollars being awarded to small businesses was increasing, the number of contract actions with small businesses fell by almost 60 percent. At the DOD the number fell by almost 70 percent. The size of the average individual small business contract action increased by 230 percent during the period, and by nearly 290 percent at the DOD. The percentage of some contracted work going to small businesses has also fallen by nearly 2.5 percent.    These statistics are all alarming in their own way, but one of the more clear-cut and disturbing figures is that there are over a hundred thousand fewer small businesses registered to do business with the Federal government than there were in 2012. These data points suggest we have a problem with our small business defense industrial base.    Right here in California's 25th district, we are in a unique position of having a huge presence of defense contracting companies as well as a large number of small businesses that are seeking government contracts. We have around 480 small businesses seeking to do business with the Federal government here in this district. This means there are many opportunities for small companies to be Federal prime and subcontractors, but there are also significant challenges and barriers for them.    We have asked our witnesses today to discuss some of these barriers and suggest ways to reduce them. I look forward to hearing these ideas and taking their recommendations back to Washington where I can work with my colleagues to make things easier for small firms to enter the defense contracting arena and ensure a healthy, vibrant defense industrial base. Again, I want to thank each of our witnesses for taking the time to be with us today, and I look forward to hearing your testimony.    We have three witnesses here today, and we do have some rules. We will abide by them as well as I can do. We have 5 minutes for you to chat, and when you start going over that, I will look at you. If you do not respond, then I will start going like this.    At that point if you do not respond, we will escort you out. No, we will be as lenient as we possibly can, but if we can adhere to around 5 minutes, that would help us.    Let us get right into it with our witnesses. A couple of the witnesses I know. I have worked with them, have been with their businesses, have seen what they do, and have talked with them. This is exciting for me to have two witnesses come in that I have a good relationship with. Then David will introduce our third witness.    Our first witness today is Mr. Don Rhea, Vice President of Clancy JG International in Lancaster, California. Mr. Rhea has a bachelor's degree from Chapman University followed by graduate study work at University of Southern California. His background includes working for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration--``NASA'' for all of you--followed by a career as a contractor supporting the Department of Defense.    His knowledge and experience includes engineering analysis, air traffic control, air space management, unmanned aircraft systems, simulation training, flight tests, test ranges, and business management.    Clancy JG International has been awarded more than $18.5 million in private contracts since their inception in 2007. It is geographically diverse with locations across the United States as a Small Business Administration certified 8(a) program participant, and as a service-disabled veteran-owned small business.    Mr. Rhea.    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you, Mr. Rhea.    Second on the docket is Mr. Kirk Flittie, Vice President and general manager of Unmanned Aircraft Systems at AeroVironment, Incorporated.    With more than 25 years of experience in the commercial and defense business segments, he was promoted to vice president and general manager for unmanned aircraft systems at AeroVironment in May of 2015. Before assuming his current position, he was Vice President for the HALE UAV business area.    Prior to joining AeroVironment, Mr. Flittie worked for the American Rocket Company, a commercial space launch company, for 8 years as an operations director, program manager, and senior engineer. Mr. Flittie also worked at Northrop Aircraft Corporation as a design and test engineer on the F-20 fighter, the Tigershark, several classified programs, and advanced hypersonic aircraft.    He holds a Master's of Science in aeronautical and astronomical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Bachelor's of science in aerospace engineering from the University of Notre Dame.    Mr. Flittie.    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you very much. Now, I will let Congressman Valadao introduce our third witness.    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you very much. Part of what we do in this hearing is coming out to the district, coming out to southern California instead of having everybody go to Washington, D.C. to testify in front of Congress. It's very beneficial. We get to hear right here. You can drive right to City Hall in Palmdale, and we did one in Pasadena this morning, and we plan on doing some of these across the State. And so, that makes it a little bit, well, less costly for you, less intimidating, and more down home, and just real answers to real problems.    At our hearing in Pasadena today, we had four woman-owned small businesses. We talked about access to capital, some of the barriers, and none of them were defense companies, but all of them had the same exact barriers they were trying to get past. It was fruitful, and I think we are going to get something out of it, and we are going to work with something. That was very helpful that couple of hours that we spent in Pasadena.    I will start off with Mr. Flittie. I understand that AeroVironment has had success internally developing innovative solutions that were embraced by the DOD and subsequently fielded by our U.S. forces. By getting the department's focus on better buying power, are you finding the department recognizes the contributions of your internal investments and compensate you accordingly for your IP?    Mr. KNIGHT. Let me push a little further on that. Basically what you have created there is your intellectual property, and that is what you have developed; that is, the program or the product that has been developed by your company. To go a little bit further on that, if there is not a way of more or less protecting this without going into this process, what does that do to the company? You do not go out and try and produce or create something new, or change something and make it better?    Mr. KNIGHT. I will go on to Mr. Rhea. About what is your success rate in winning contracts from the Federal government? Are there any particular agencies or particular part of the DOD that are better to work with than others, or maybe better services that are better to work with than others?    Mr. KNIGHT. On a scaling percentage, how much more difficult is it on certain products, certain bids that you are trying to bid on because of the scale, because of some of the larger companies that can do these things, that can do four, five, six bids, and do multiple programs, and maybe some of those programs are similar, and so they can use similar things. They can use similar products, and that makes it easier for them to scale down maybe a price or something like that.    Mr. KNIGHT. Ms. Villa, again, we spoke this morning about some of the obstacles and some of the access to capital issues that have been happening with woman-owned businesses, with businesses that have not had a lot of access to capital, minority-owned businesses, disabled vet-owned businesses. Are you finding that that is an issue in your business?    Mr. KNIGHT. I am going to let Congressman Valadao ask the next series of questions if you would like. When it comes back to me, I am going to get a lot more specific on helping us help you. You have a couple of congressmen here that sit on several committees, so when I start asking the next series of questions, it will be on, because a lot of times we come in front of businesses, and businesses will say regulations are killing us, or this is killing us, or this or that. Then I say, okay, well, help us out with that, and they say, oh, well, it is just, you know, everything. Everything is killing us. I cannot go back and say, hey, everything is killing them.    If we can delve down there, or as we move forward in the next week or 10 days and you have time to kind of push forward on, what is really stopping me from expanding my business, from getting more contracts. I cannot help you become bigger. I cannot do that, but we might be able to soften some of the barriers or get rid of some of the barriers.    Mr. KNIGHT. Eyes on your own paper.    Mr. KNIGHT. You do.    Mr. KNIGHT. I am going to go back to Ms. Villa on accountability. So we did a bill in the California legislature that looked at roofing contractors. A lot of roofing contractors in California had not done the things that we expected of them. They did not have, unemployment insurance, or a business license, or, they just were not allowed to work. Yet they were doing an awful lot of roofing in California.    The roofers were very upset at this, and they said, people have to play by the rules in order for our bid to be equitable because if I go in there and I bid and I have to do everything by the accords of law and some folks do not, I am never going to win a bid.    If I get what you are saying about accountability and talking about prime contractors and them not following maybe a percentage or not following something, what happens there?    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay.    Mr. KNIGHT. I am an apples for apples kind of guy because if you are going to bid, then you have to be on the same level playing field. If you are not, then somebody is going to probably win a lot more bids than you if they are undercutting something, or they are not paying for something, or they are not doing something.    I am going to move right down the line. I have been to AeroVironment several times, and even launched one of your vehicles that you said I could not hurt, and I did my best. I did not hurt it, but it did not launch because I did not do it correctly. You are dealing with an awful lot of the big companies and big contracts on kind of a small to medium level company. You are competing, and you are doing fairly well, probably not as well as you want to do.    You have to put a lot of investment in certain projects and certain things that you want to go out there, and you have got to show a demonstrator, you have to show this, you have got to prove something. All of that is coming out of your pocket to do that in order to bid. How difficult is that to deal with a big, big company and you are trying to deal with these types of bids when you are leveraging your company quite a bit?    Mr. KNIGHT. That in itself becomes a problem for small business because you are going to put a lot of effort into bid. You just do not go over there and say, yeah, I can do this. It is a process, it takes manpower to do this, and it takes an awful lot of money and know-how. If you are only getting a bid out of 10 bids or something like that, then it is taking an awful lot of effort to continue to move on. I think that is one of the things that we understand with smaller businesses in the aerospace industry, especially in the defense industry.    I will go back to this, and this could be for any one of you. Since I have been on the Armed Services Committee now for 16 months and I have seen all the services and what they do and what they do not do, and some do it better than others--I firmly believe that--is there someone that you work better with in contracting, or is there a service branch that has figured it out, because I can tell you just up front, the Air Force does things a lot differently than everybody else does, and not because we are an Air Force town, but I can say this, I think they do it pretty well. The Air Force does it pretty well. They do it completely different than the Navy and the Marines and the Army, or the Navy and the Army.    Are you finding any of that? Are you finding anybody who does it better?    Mr. KNIGHT. Does that ever push down into the China Lake area or any of that with the Navy?    Mr. KNIGHT. Then lastly, my broad question, we just announced one of the biggest contracts in quite some time with the new bomber. As this unfolds this next year or year and a half, how does that unfold for small or subcontractors? Is it going to be released? Are there going to be jobs or parts that come down that can be bid on? Are there going to be subcontracting availabilities for certain parts of the new bomber, or is it going to be all cloak and dagger until the end?    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay.    Mr. KNIGHT. Quite a while.    Mr. KNIGHT. It was just an open-ended question since this is such a huge contract and this is going to go on for 35 years, that you would think that there would be opportunities there.    Again, my homework is specific to us, of how we can change, how we can do better. I think we got a couple of ideas this morning from talking to the woman-owned businesses and talking about the barriers and the issues. We even talked about capital issues that are happening today with crowdfunding, and peer-to-peer, and groups like that that they can raise capital, and some of the businesses had done that. I know that probably does not fit your category at all, but it was a little bit of out of the box thinking there.    Do we have businesses in the audience? I know this young lady has been shaking her head a whole bunch. Every time Ms. Villa says something, she is shaking her head. Here in the area that have had similar problems, similar barriers? You can come on up since I am the chairman.    I can do whatever I want.    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you. Anyone else? Come on up. It is your chance to testify in front of the City of Palmdale.    Mr. KNIGHT. You just did.    Mr. KNIGHT. We are talking about ITAR quite a bit, not so much that, but the restrictions of ITAR and all of the----    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay.    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay.    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay. Make sure you get us your information--Lisa back there in the red jacket--and we can follow up with you.    Mr. KNIGHT. On everything you just said.    Mr. KNIGHT. No, we are not going to ask for a dissertation. We are going to follow up with you.    Mr. KNIGHT. I know you are an engineer, and we do not want that.    Mr. KNIGHT. Thank you. Sir?    Mr. KNIGHT. If it is a part, why do we need the ITAR controls?    Mr. KNIGHT. Is it is a long, complex thing that I am going to understand, or is it a long, complex thing that I am going to go why we do need it on the part?    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay.    Mr. KNIGHT. I understand the restrictions for many of the things that go into our products, but on a part, I am a little lost. Okay. Yes, ma'am?    Mr. KNIGHT. Come on up.    Mr. KNIGHT. You have a few minutes.    Mr. KNIGHT. Here?    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay.    Mr. KNIGHT. She was a good witness.    Mr. KNIGHT. Okay, thank you. Thank you all for coming today. I want to thank our witnesses. It is very important that Congress gets to hear from the people who are actually doing the day-to-day business from the businesses that are dealing with the dilemmas, the barriers, the problems, from the shops that have two people in there to the shops that have 499 or 699 people in there.    We want to know what the barriers are because if you continue to have those barriers, that means you continue to not be able to create more opportunities, and opportunities are jobs, and opportunities are a better place for someone to learn a trade, learn a skill, or use their education. If that is not there, then they look elsewhere, and sometimes elsewhere is not inside the United States of America, and we do not want that to happen.    As this hearing comes to a close, I want to thank Mr. Valadao for coming all the way up here. I am going to take him over and see the joint strike fighter line now so he can see that and see some of the things that happen here in Palmdale, but also happen in southern California and affect his district, and affect his businesses on a daily basis.    A strong defense industrial base is critical to both our national security and to our economy, and a strong industrial base is only strong when it comprises a robust and active small business component. Small firms are ready, willing, and able to quickly provide the DOD with new technologies that can save lives on the battlefield and provide a better return on investment for our taxpayers. I look forward to going back to Washington, D.C. and to discussing these issues with my colleagues. I look forward to hearing from all of you on issues that we can work on in Congress.    I will leave you with this. Understand that Congress has a lot of people that are doing a lot of different things, and the more specific you get with us, the better it is. The better you can put a pin on that issue and say if you helped us with this, it would help our industry, the easier it is for David and I to go back and get a coalition and to work together with people to make sure that we can do something better. I know that David's and my goal is to make things better, not to stand in the way of opportunities.    Unless anyone else has anything to say, I ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Mr. KNIGHT. Without objection, we are adjourned. Thank you all.