    Ms. Kaminski. Good morning, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky and distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you very much for the opportunity to testify today on unmanned aircraft systems, or drones.    I am a professor of law at the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law and an affiliated fellow of the Information Society Project at Yale Law School.    However, as a fellow panelist, the views I am expressing today are my own. In my testimony I am going to focus primarily on the impact of drones on privacy, which is a crucial aspect, as many members recognize, of consumer protection.    For drones to be publically accepted and fulfill their economic potential, citizens must be able to trust that the surveillance powers drones have will not be abused.    Drones will be used for a wide variety of economically and socially beneficial activities ranging from infrastructure inspection to precision agriculture. In the best scenarios, drones will reduce risks to human actors and enable important information gathering at a low cost.    But it is precisely these beneficial aspects of drones that they enable low cost low risk information gathering that also raise the spectre of privacy harms.    While many uses of drones will have little to no impact on human populations, a wide variety of commercial applications will take place in residential environments where citizens' expectations of privacy have been recognized to be at their highest.    AUVSI, in its analysis of the first 1,000 commercial UAS exemptions granted by the FAA noted that over half of the exemptions were granted for general aerial photography, real estate uses, which quintessentially impact residential areas, followed with a third of the exemption, 350 exemptions.    Drones do raise privacy concerns on a spectrum with other technologies. Like smart phones, they make surveillance more pervasive by lowering its cost and raising the rate of social adoption.    Like GPS, they make surveillance more persistent--that is, able to follow individuals over longer periods of time. And like helicopters, they enable surveillance from disruptive vantage points.    Drones thus raise privacy problems both because of what they carry and where they carry it. Where a person used to be able to rely on a privacy fence, remote location or building height to manage their social accessibility, drones disrupt the use of these environmental management tactics that we all rely on.    These disruptions have real social costs. Not only may citizens fear drones or even shoot them down but they will alter their behavior in ways that can be truly socially harmful. Surveillance has been shown to cause conformity, and conformity has costs to both democracy and the economy.    Multiple states have, as a consequence, recently enacted privacy laws governing drones operated by nongovernmental actors.    These laws are often but not always technology specific, addressing drones but not other kinds of surveillance, and they typically govern the moment of actually surveillance when information is collected, not data privacy practices after the information has been gathered.    The content of these laws range widely. At this point, I counted nine or ten states that have enacted them. They range from protecting from the moment of gathering in any location to protecting only gathering information on private property, which is a limited value when you consider where drones can fly.    Privacy protection is crucially important but governing drones also implicates First Amendment interests. Drone journalism is a budding field. News gatherers will be able to and will use drones to gather information about droughts, land management and government actions, all information that enables democratic self-governance and raises significant First Amendment concerns.    A number of courts of appeals have now recognized a limited First Amendment right to record. The scope of that right is still very much up for question. And for this reason, I actually caution the federal government against enacting legislation that governs information gathering by drones by private actors.    Courts will need time to unravel the tension between the state privacy laws and countervailing First Amendment interests. In the meantime, federal energy can better be turned towards the data privacy issues that drones and similar new technology like the Internet of things raise.    Drone surveillance implicates not just information gathering but data privacy. State drone privacy laws do not attempt to govern this data and this, I believe, is the place for federal action.    The information privacy harms raised by drones sit, again, on a spectrum with other familiar technologies. It shares features with online surveillance. Information privacy harms will largely arise when large amounts of information are correlated, used out of context or used in a discriminatory fashion.    Drone surveillance crucially differs, however, from online surveillance in that the surveillance subject will not be the person who clicks through a user agreement.    Like the Internet of things, drones raise the question of how to govern information privacy when then surveillance subject has no relationship to the product manufacturer or service provider.    Our current data privacy regime based on requiring companies primarily to comply with their own privacy policies is ill equipped to address issues raised by the Internet of other people's things.    A federal data privacy regime based instead on the Fair Information Practice Principles, or FIPPs, embraced internationally would protect the privacy of citizens who are not subject to user agreements, would bolster FTC authority in this area and would provide a backdrop of encouraging industries to establish best practices even when they have few incentives based on consumer relationships.    To close, I support and have been participating in the Department of Commerce's efforts through the National Telecommunications Infrastructure Agency to establish and recommend best practices governing drone use and privacy.    In the absence of federal data privacy law, however, industry is unlikely to agree to meaningful protection for third parties and in the absence of meaningful privacy protections drones will not get off the ground.    Thank you very much for your time and attention and the opportunity to testify today.    Ms. Kaminski. Absolutely. Thank you, Congresswoman.    So the state laws that are being put into place primarily govern the capture of information with the drone, best described as drone photography or drone videography, and that is the moment at which the information is recorded.    On the federal level, it would be useful to have in place a data privacy regime meaning a regime that deals with information that has already been recorded and addresses things along the lines of use specification, making sure that data that has been gathered for one use is not used for another purpose, trying to ensure transparency for consumers, trying to ensure some kind of auditing mechanism so the data is not taken out of context or used in a discriminatory manner.    So the place for federal government, I believe, is in the general purpose nontechnology specific data privacy regime that complies with the Fair Information Practice Principles, or FIPPs.    Ms. Kaminski. I appreciate Intel's forthrightness on the programs that they have instituted and from conversation with them appreciate the amount to which they have taken privacy considerations to heart internally.    However, effective auditing mechanisms usually involve a third party outside of the company as opposed to a third party within a company.    Ms. Kaminski. There have been--I listed it in my written testimony. I believe there have been 9 or 10 states that have enacted privacy laws regarding private actor use of drones but they vary greatly depending on which state you are in.    Ms. Kaminski. I believe that on the information gathering front, the moment at which information is captured, that is appropriate for states to experiment with legislation in large part because it is similar to areas in which states have legislated in the past such as the privacy torts or related torts or misdemeanor such as the peeping tom torts.    When you are talking about privacy governance, however, that's an appropriate place for the federal government to step in and those two regimes could absolutely be complementary to each other rather than preemptive.    Ms. Kaminski. Yes. So technology is not my area of expertise but I have talked to a number of technologists working on this issue including at my own university and I think that the geofencing technology that was raised by Intel is something that is a potential solution for good actors.    There are concerns that geofencing, if applied too broadly, is going to end up restricting use of technology that would be beneficial. So keep that in mind.    When you are talking about bad actors, however, then the kind of technological solutions you're going to look for are going to have to do with traceability on the one hand to try to identify the actor who is operating the drone.    There are a variety of possible technical solutions for making drones traceable and writing on the side of a drone with a sharpie is not a technological solution.    And the other point I'd make is that I believe there is significant of money going into counter drone technology that is supposed to try to stop bad actors safely when we're talking about those that don't integrate geofencing or traceability into their own operations.    Ms. Kaminski. Yes.    Ms. Kaminski. It's a developing right. A number of circuits have recognized it in a restricted way. So generally it's been recognized as a right to record matters of public interest or public officials, yes.    Ms. Kaminski. Right. So I'm going to actually add in the right to privacy for the drone owner is implicated by a registration system, right, so the national registration system that the FAA is putting in place ostensibly makes it hard to operate a drone in private, right.    So in the scenario that you gave California has an anti-paparazzi law that creates a constructive invasion of privacy.    When you look into an area you previously could not have accessed but for physical trespass. So there are these attempts at the state level to define privacy in those scenarios that it will stand up against any assertive First Amendment right to record.    Ms. Kaminski. I think that would be useful, especially if there is some way of categorizing what the different kinds of uses are and how the uses impact or don't impact human populations.