    Mr. Huelskamp. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate the topic of our hearing today. I'm hearing a lot of contradictory claims and concerns and maybe a conclusion. I want to direct a couple of questions to Dr. Hunt, who I don't think has had an opportunity to participate today on the question and answer, but based on the tenor of a relatively recent presentation you gave called, ``A Model for Providing Services for Returning Combat Veterans,'' it's apparent that, and you others in the VA believe Gulf War illness is a mental disorder. Is that correct?    Mr. Huelskamp. Did you not have a presentation entitled ``A Model for Providing Services for Returning Gulf War Veterans''?    Mr. Huelskamp. I don't have that, the place of presentation.    Mr. Huelskamp. So this wasn't your presentation then?    Mr. Huelskamp. Okay. Well, I don't know. You never made a presentation on ``A Model Providing Services for Returning Gulf War Veterans''?    Mr. Huelskamp. All right.    Mr. Huelskamp. So do you believe also or otherwise that psychiatric drugs are the best treatment for veterans with Gulf War illness?    Mr. Huelskamp. What kind of treatments would you suggest then?    Mr. Huelskamp. Are the psychiatric drugs most effective, you believe, or what have you seen in--    Mr. Huelskamp. Excuse me, sir. That's general. I'm asking you about psychiatric drugs. Are they effective in the treatment or not?    Mr. Huelskamp. My concern is, it seeks like the psychiatric drug approach seems to be where--the simplest choice for the VA to make.    Mr. Huelskamp. And I appreciate--    Mr. Huelskamp. So, in your opinion, then--and I understand that. In your opinion, then, all the previous studies that attempted to determine that, are they invalid then?    Mr. Huelskamp. This is not about self-reporting. It's whether you have definitive or verifiable individual veteran exposure.    Mr. Huelskamp. And I understand that. I'm just trying to figure out whether you thought we had that in the past, and to me, that calls in question a number of these studies, if we don't have that type information.    Lastly, you did request additional studies of sex-specific and race/ethnicity-specific health conditions. If we don't have the individual exposure information, how do we determine--    Mr. Huelskamp. If we don't have the exposure information, which is a key variable, how--    Mr. Huelskamp. We don't know whether they have exposure or not is your point.    Mr. Huelskamp. We don't know whether they have exposure or not. Is that the answer?    Mr. Huelskamp. I understand. So--    Mr. Huelskamp. Yeah.    Mr. Huelskamp. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just found it concerning that the basic exposure information is--we're hearing that, well, we don't know what it is, and so if you take that variable out, I mean, that strikes out a lot of information, a lot of data, and a lot of research would be thrown out by the Institute of Medicine, and we spent a lot of time, attention, and money trying to figure this out, so very concerning.    I yield back.