    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Good morning, and thank you, Mr. Chairman. I, too, want to say that it is a pleasure to have Chairman Chabot at the helm because we have worked together before when I was the chair of the Small Business Committee and he was the ranking.    I always say that when it comes to small business, there is no republican or democratic approach; that we need to do our best to address the issues that will enable small businesses to do what they do best, and that is to create jobs and to expand our economy. I look forward to a cordial, productive, substantive working relationship with the chairman and to be able to pass bipartisan legislation the way we did when I was the chair. I always recognized the right of the minority, and I expect that the chairman will do the same. I am confident that will happen.    Also, I would like to welcome the members of the committee, new members and all members from both sides of the aisle.    We have two new members joining us, Brenda Lawrence of Michigan. I believe she is not here yet. Representative Lawrence is new to Congress this term. She is a former mayor of Southfield, Michigan, and a former long-time employee of the U.S. Postal Service. She also serves on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee where she is ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Interior.    Alma Adams of North Carolina, welcome. Representative Adams is new to Congress as well. Prior to being elected to the House, she served in the North Carolina House and was also Professor of Art History. In addition to this committee, she serves on the Education and Workforce Committee and the Agriculture Committee.    We have several returning members to the committee. With us today is Janice Hahn of California. This is her second full term on the committee and second in Congress as she initially won a special election in 2011 and filled a portion of that term. Prior to being elected to the House, she served on the City Council in Los Angeles. She also served on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.    Congresswoman Grace Meng hails from Queens, New York, and this is her second term in Congress and on the committee. In addition to this assignment, she also serves on the Foreign Affairs Committee. An attorney, she previously served in the New York State Assembly.    I look forward to working with all of you during the next two years. I thank the chairman and yield back.    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman for yielding.    Small business continue to make unprecedented contributions to our economy, and we will do whatever it takes to support them. They have generated nearly two-thirds of net new jobs over the last 15 years and are the innovators and drivers of economic progress. Entrepreneurship also serves as the backbone of our nation's economy, enabling individuals to pursue their dreams and become financially self-sufficient.    As we move forward, we must make sure that small businesses are given the resources and protections they need to prosper as both republicans and democrats want and need small firms to succeed and create jobs in our community. I look forward to continuing this tradition during the 114th Congress.    I yield back.    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Sure. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Our committee's rules are not only a vital institutional requirement, but they also set clear parameters for how we will operate. More importantly, they contain protections to ensure that all points of view are considered. It is important for members on both sides of the aisle to note that in most regards, these are the same rules that I used when I was chair of the committee, and I believe this is a testament to Chairman Chabot's leadership.    In this day and age when too many try to stack the rules in their favor, it is refreshing that this committee does not have to be concerned about those distractions. A committee that is run openly and with a sense of community is a committee that works and can best achieve its objective. It is my hope that the rules we consider today will make this happen.    I yield back.    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The oversight plan sets forth a policy framework for our work this Congress, and the chairman is to be commended on producing a thoughtful document. The plan calls for the robust oversight of the SBA and other federal small business initiatives, a long tradition that this committee takes seriously. It also delineates several programs for review and possible termination. In this context, the committee has forged a bipartisan consensus opposing the SBA's continued creation of unauthorized pilot programs. Diverting taxpayers' dollars away from proven programs can often open the door to fraud, waste, and abuse, something we are all working to minimize. Whether it is the SBA or other matters of importance to small businesses, Congress needs a clear agenda of assisting them, and it is paramount that we start addressing these issues as soon as possible. By doing so, we have the potential to truly help create new jobs and move the economy forward.    With that, I urge members to approve this oversight plan.    I yield back.    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The SBA continues to be an important agency for spurring economic activity. Through its access to capital, procurement, and entrepreneurial development programs, the agency assists hundreds of thousands of entrepreneurs each year. The SBA budget submission gives this committee the opportunity to assess the agency's priorities on whether it is carrying out its statutory mission appropriately. The SBA's near-term blueprint for accomplishing its mandate is its Fiscal Year 2016 budget request of $860 million. This funding will enable the agency to continue to provide loans, contracts, and training to small businesses across the country. In this capacity, the SBA truly plays a vital role, strengthening our economy and promoting job creation.    In many areas, I concur with the majority's views and estimates on this project. This includes opposing unauthorized pilot programs which continue to grow unchecked at the agency. Policing SBA's contracting programs has unfortunately become a necessity and this needs to be a top priority. Finally, I am glad to see that the majority opposes the administration's 504 refinancing proposal. Such an initiative is outside of the mission of the underlying program's purpose and places undue risk on taxpayers.    However, in several areas the views and estimates take cost-cutting measures a bit too far. It supports abolishing the Prime program as does the administration itself. This program should continue to be funded as it provides resources to low income entrepreneurs seeking to become self-sufficient. Critics say Prime is duplicative, but that is a hard case to make when the Microloan program is tied to a loan and Prime is tied to capacity building and technical assistance. Plus, they barely receive more than 3 percent of the agency's budget.    Similarly, eliminating the Veterans Business Outreach Center, Office of Native American Affairs, and Office of International Trade are misguided. While other departments do, in fact, perform similar activities, the SBA operates these initiatives with a small business focus, an element that the other federal entities lack. As a result, these activities should remain in the SBA, and if reform is needed, it should be pursued incrementally instead.    As we all know, disagreement on priorities in the agency's annual budget is not unusual. As we move forward, I look forward to working to refocus the SBA on its statutory mission in a manner that is both efficient and prudent.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Ms. VELAAZQUEZ. Sure. Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent. I would like to give notice pursuant to House Rule 11 Clause 2(l), that the committee democrats will be filing additional views with the Budget Committee regarding SBA's Fiscal Year 2016 budget.