    Mr. Morris. Chairman Huizenga, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Moore, thank you for this opportunity to testify before your subcommittee on a topic that I believe is of critical importance to U.S. interests in the world.    Earlier this year, the United States faced a gut-check moment when it comes to its leadership in the multilateral development banks. In June, 56 countries, including important U.S. allies like Germany, the U.K., and Australia, joined the Chinese government in creating a new MDB, the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.    I think much of the criticism leveled at the United States has been misguided in putting the focus on poor diplomatic outreach, or Congress' failure to pass IMF reform.    While I very much believe that action on the IMF quota package is critical in its own right, the challenges to U.S. leadership in the MDBs run deeper. If Congress and the Administration are unwilling to address these deeper challenges, then we are likely to see a world in which institutions like the World Bank are eclipsed by new actors like the AIIB, and where the United States finds itself increasingly on the outside looking in.    So, why should we care about that? Broadly speaking, institutions like the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank are important strategic and economic partners that have been shaped by U.S. leadership over many decades. And I will highlight five ways that they deliver particular value to the United States.    First, the MDBs amplify U.S. assistance. In 2013, the United States contributed $2.8 billion to MDBs, leveraging over $100 billion of on-the-ground assistance from the MDBs themselves.    Second, the MDBs operate at a scale and across a range of sectors that the United States alone cannot. This is why the African Development Bank is a key partner in the Administration's Power Africa initiative. And it is also why MDBs have garnered praise from the U.S. military leadership for their infrastructure investments in fragile states.    Third, the MDBs can pursue U.S. objectives more effectively as an honest broker in countries and environments where a visible U.S. role can be problematic. I point to a country like Pakistan as emblematic of this.    Finally, the MDBs have been rated as the most effective development institutions by multiple independent reviews of foreign assistance.    So, how are all these benefits at risk today? The answer rests on whether the United States is willing to embrace ambition for the MDBs in which it already leads, or whether we will simply be satisfied to watch as other countries play that role through new institutions.    Ironically, the AIIB episode shows that much of the rest of the world is actually looking to embrace division of the MDBs that the United States itself first laid out, over 70 years ago, at Bretton Woods. In particular, that these institutions are primarily banks, not charities. And, as Ronald Reagan put it in 1981, that their aim is to ensure that economic growth and development would spread to all parts of the globe. That is a broader and more ambitious goal and one that is almost exclusively focused on direct poverty alleviation in the poorest countries.    But the Bretton Woods architects understood then what still holds today: a world in which a growing number of countries are prosperous and economically integrated is also a more peaceful world and one that ultimately benefits the United States.    So, when U.S. officials resist calls for MDB capital increases, or press MDB borrowers to graduate from assistance, they are taking positions that are increasingly out of step with the rest of the world. It shouldn't be a surprise, then, that the Chinese found so many willing partners when they conceived a new MDB without the United States.    So how can the United States not only get back in step with its multilateral partners, but actually lead on a new MDB agenda? In short, it is about money and policy. The United States needs to show greater ambition when it comes to MDB financing. It can do so by channeling a larger share of its existing foreign assistance resources through the MDBs, and showing more flexibility around compelling uses of MDB capital and grant money.    When it comes to policy, U.S. leadership is critical. And I want to highlight how it is being undermined in one area. The rise of MDB-related policy mandates attached to appropriations bills has become problematic.    Yes, Congress has a key role to play in setting U.S. policy direction in the MDBs, but I strongly believe that work should be spearheaded by this committee, and its counterpart in the Senate, with the histories they have of transparent deliberation, robust debate, and open markups.    I have been troubled by the growth of policy mandates emerging in spending bills with little explanation and no history of hearings or debates around them. This has led to hollow victories for the advocates of these policies when there is no wider buy in for the mandates themselves. At worst, it sometimes leads to conflicting mandates and messages which have undermined the ability of the United States to pursue policies internationally, when there is just a basic amount of confusion about what the U.S. position actually is.    So, I believe it is this authorizing subcommittee, in particular, that can play a crucial role in fixing these particular problems, but more importantly helping to set a strategic vision for the U.S. role in the MDBs going forward.    So, I am greatly encouraged by your calling this hearing, and I very much hope that it will be followed by more hearings, debates, and even markups in the months and years ahead.    Thank you.    Mr. Morris. Thank you, no, just very briefly, and I did try to outline why I think these institutions provide particular value to the United States. I think it is important to recognize how small of a share of the foreign assistance budget they account for, and as I advocate for more of that share, I am not talking about dramatic changes here. Really, very small shifts in how much we rely on these institutions, which, in a strictly financial sense, leverages our money tremendously. We could get a lot out of that. And that is really what my point is.    Mr. Morris. I guess the one area I would point to where the MDBs have struggled, and have not shown as much success as we would like, is the relatively small set of countries that we consider fragile and conflict-affected. And here, I think it is not the MDBs alone. I think the international community struggles with these situations, but it is of great importance for the United States. And I think for the MDBs they have to find a way going forward to be more effective in these environments, and particularly to be more agile.    I think, if you look at a case like Cote d'Ivoire a few years ago, where after a great deal of instability you finally have a democratically elected government coming in, the MDBs struggled greatly to respond quickly to that situation, and show support. Once they did, it is a good news story. I think there is tremendous success happening now in that country, and the MDBs are actually playing a good role, but it took them a while to get there.    Mr. Morris. Thank you, Congressman. This is a very important point, and there was this earlier discussion about, well, let's look globally at all the money that is flowing today, and capital flows, and of course the MDBs are a shrinking--ever shrinking share of global capital flows.    But it is important to focus on where they actually lend, and what situations, and what we would call market failures. And water infrastructure, and infrastructure more broadly, is a very relevant example of, among all those capital flows that are flowing from private sources, they aren't reaching what are often pressing needs, water is one area. And, yes, there are some models that bring in private investment to develop water infrastructure. But they aren't meeting the needs that we face globally on this.    I did want to make another point, because you raised the situation in Flint. I think it is important, from a U.S. perspective, to recognize--we think of these multilateral development banks, and development banks, as something that we give money to so that stuff can get done elsewhere. And then you rightly observed, in fact, we have the kinds of needs that, water infrastructure needs in the developing world, we have them here, too.    One thing to recognize, and this, frankly, is within your jurisdiction is the United States has, in fact, saw fit in the past to create this kind of model for itself. We have something called the North American Development Bank, which does infrastructure projects along the southern border, on both the U.S. side, and the Mexico side.    And it is well worth looking at that model as something, and more generally, realizing that it is not so much the MDBs operating in a very small group of countries we consider poor. They actually are operating in a diverse group of countries, some of which look, in many ways, a lot like us.    Mr. Morris. Sure, no--and I agree it is an important question. And it is a dilemma for the banks, frankly, because I think there is broad recognition over many years that private sector development is central to development--    Mr. Morris. --and job creation. The model the MDBs have tends to be dominated, and it is some of the concerns that Dr. Ravallion raised, they are essentially lenders to private firms, and sometimes private equity funds effectively. And it has tended to crowd out probably more focused efforts, whether its micro, SME, their dominant approach is to go after, frankly, what in too many cases what is safer investments, and raising questions about how much value they are bringing to the transaction that wouldn't happen anyway from other sources of investment.    I think they really have a lot of work to do to figure out how to be more innovative in this area.    Mr. Morris. If I could--    Mr. Morris. --to the degree we pose this question today, look, I don't think when it comes to being country number 58 in the new institution I don't think there is tremendous value. We can go back and look at the earlier question.    Going forward, to me the obvious area of emphasis for the United States from a perspective of leadership is how are we leading in the institutions where we are already the number one shareholder.