    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Panel. I appreciate you being here today.    I want to go back to something that I heard a little bit earlier. First of all, I want to talk about something that Commissioner Koskinen has said repeatedly. His quote says, ``I believe that the underfunding of the Agency is the most critical challenge facing the IRS today.'' He has made this comment pretty much in several different speeches whether it is the Tax Policy Conference or other places where he is pretty adamant that that is a major issue.    But something said earlier by one of my colleagues, I want to go back talking about the systems that you said that were dating back to John F. Kennedy time, I believe was the comment. It was not so much the application as it was the system. Would you repeat a little bit earlier and go into that for me just a minute?    Mr. Walker. Sure.    Mr. Walker. Sure.    Mr. Milholland.--the actual design of the application is still built upon that 1960s approach.    Mr. Walker. And I appreciate you clearing that up, but that is not what Commissioner Koskinen said. What he said in his ploy to try to get more funding, more than the $11 billion already, he said, ``We have many applications that were running when John F. Kennedy was president.'' Is that an untruthful statement?    Mr. Walker. Well, he seems to be disagreeing with you on the code as well because he said, ``The code has been out of date so long, it has the unintended effect to keep hackers from hacking in.'' So is that just something he is not technologically current with that? I mean, are you running code from John F. Kennedy because it seems 50-something years ago we are still running those kinds of systems, and we are still operating with that code? Is that correct?    Mr. Walker. COBOL? FORTRAN? What are we talking about here?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Let me transition while I have got some time left. I am going to go back to Form 3210 that was filled out authorizing the destruction of Mr. Maruca's hard drive. If so, if that was ordered, who authorized the destruction of that hard drive?    Mr. Walker. Did you assume that would have happened? Why was Mr. Maruca's hard drive not covered by the litigation hold the IRS put in place? Why did that not cover that?    Mr. Walker. Well, did he take his stuff with him? Did he take the information with him?    Mr. Walker. Well, so what happens when he leaves? When an employee leaves, do their records get destroyed like this? I mean, what happened? Who made the decision? Who authorized that, to destroy what he was working on?    Mr. Walker. His hard drive, okay?    Mr. Walker. Mr. Maruca's hard drive.    Mr. Walker. Who destroyed it? Who authorized it?    Mr. Walker. Is there a timeline for how long an employee leaves that hard drives are destroyed? Is there a standard on it?    Mr. Walker. So it is up to discretion.    Mr. Walker. But his did not get stacked up. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired.