    Mr. Horton. Mr. Chairman, when my company, LegitScript, identifies an illegal, unsafe Internet pharmacy, we notify the domain name registrar. When a registrar is notified that the domain name is being used for illegal activity, ICANN's accreditation scheme requires the registrar to do two things: first, to investigate the claims; and second, to respond appropriately.    The good news is most registrars voluntarily disable domain names used to sell illegal, unsafe medicines that put patients' health and safety at risk. However, cyber criminals are rational economic actors and carefully choose the registrar that they believe will protect them. LegitScript's data indicate that just 12 among about 900 registrars maintain half of all illegal Internet pharmacy registrations. In first place is Rebel, a registrar in the Momentous Group, which operates .SUCKS, which has only 0.05 percent of the total domain name market but over 17 percent of the illegal online pharmacy market.    Now, I'd like to talk about our experience notifying ICANN compliance about the few registrars that are a safe haven for criminal activity. Consider the Web site HealthPlugins.com, selling morphine, Percocet, and other addictive drugs without a prescription. The domain name was registered with Paknic in Pakistan, which refused to take action on this and hundreds of other illegal online pharmacies. ICANN closed our complaint against this registrar, finding that it responded appropriately despite leaving hundreds of illegal Internet pharmacies online.    Now, if you want to buy heroin online, you can do it at smackjunkshot.com. We notified the registrar, Webnic of Malaysia, which had told us in the past that it could not just suspend domain names because it would lose money. We submitted a complaint to ICANN, which closed the complaint, finding that the registrar responded appropriately by leaving a domain name used to sell heroin untouched, as well as hundreds of other illegal online pharmacies.    Finally, let's consider an example from a Momentous registrar, freeworldpharmacy.com, one of hundreds of illegal online pharmacy domain names that we have notified the company about. Mr. Chairman, these are the drugs that were sold to us without a valid prescription being required from freeworldpharmacy.com. And so that Momentous could have no doubt about the domain names used for illegal purposes, we sent a photo of these very drugs just a few weeks ago to Momentous. They took no action, and we have an ICANN complaint pending against Momentous right now. In the past, however, we have notified Momentous about illegal online pharmacies, including this one. They took little or no action, and ICANN has closed our complaints.    I could go on and on. In these folders, these two folders, I have screenshots of another 750 illegal online pharmacies that only continue operating because ICANN closed complaints against the registrar that took no action. We only stopped at 750 in the interest of time.    The point is cyber criminals cluster at a small number of safe-haven registrars who are running circles around ICANN compliance by persuading them that they are responding appropriately by doing nothing about domain names that they know full well are being used for illegal purposes, and those registrars are laughing all the way to the bank.    In all of these cases, when we or law enforcement have asked ICANN what a registrar could possibly have done that constitutes an appropriate response in light of the ongoing use of domain names for illegal activity, ICANN compliance refuses to disclose it, keeping it a secret between ICANN and the registrar.    The fundamental problem with this is a lack of transparency on the part of ICANN's compliance team. No reasonable person would believe that a registrar is responding appropriately to evidence that a domain name is being used to sell heroin by doing nothing. By finding that a registrar is responding appropriately in these cases, ICANN in essence gives a green light to the registrar to continue facilitating and profiting from the illegal activity, thereby putting Internet users at risk. By refusing to explain what the registrar did that supposedly constitutes an appropriate response, ICANN lends the impression that it is participating in a cover-up.    Accordingly, in the spirit of ICANN's longstanding commitment to transparency, I want to publicly challenge ICANN to disclose what steps these registrars took that purportedly constitute an appropriate response despite being notified by LegitScript and in many cases by drug safety regulators and law enforcement that the domain names are being used to put everyday Internet users' health and safety at risk. This lack of transparency and turning a blind eye to ongoing criminal activity, in my view, is emblematic and at the core of ICANN's problems with trust and accountability.    Thank you.    Mr. Horton. Yes, although that is not the fundamental problem.    Mr. Horton. My apologies, Mr. Conyers. I concur with part of it. Our experience has been a little bit different. As I testified, we have actually seen that most domain name registrars voluntarily terminate services to illegal online pharmacies, and that may be because of the health and safety risks involved in that particular area. It is a relatively small number of domain name registrars that are responsible for most of the problem. But again, I am only talking about one particular area of abuse. We don't keep data on these other types of areas.    I do concur, however, that when a complaint is submitted to ICANN compliance, that they are not requiring compliance with Section 3.18. The core problem is this phrase ``to respond appropriately.'' What does that mean? They have latitude to interpret that, and they have not done so in an effective way.    Mr. Horton. Mr. Conyers, I do, and I think that the additional thing that I would urge is transparency. As I testified, I think the core problem is that ICANN compliance is making decisions about what constitutes an appropriate response and then does not explain why. If they are making the right decision, what do they have to be afraid about in disclosing it to the multi-stakeholder community?    Mr. Horton. I will go first. Congresswoman Lofgren, that is absolutely incorrect. First of all, as to your point about a court order, ICANN has stated in writing that a court order is not required in order for a registrar to take voluntary action and suspend a domain name.    The rogue Internet pharmacies that we notify registrars about are not operating legally anywhere. There is not a single country in the world in which it is lawful to sell prescription drugs without a prescription, to practice pharmacy without a pharmacy license, or to violate that country's drug safety laws. Every single domain name that we notify a registrar about is operating illegally everywhere it targets, and most of this is common sense. This is very easily verifiable on the face of the Web site, like the heroin Web site that I mentioned.