    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Chairman? If I can just ask for permission to give my opening statement after the witnesses.    Mr. Sherman. Yes, I wanted to----    Mr. Sherman. And I don't know if there are other Democrats who would also like to make an opening statement. But none of them are indicating such.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for letting me defer my opening statement until after the witnesses. This is not our first hearing on the South China Sea. It's not going to be our last.    It's an issue that we should take seriously. But I think we need to lower the temperature. My fear is that we're making mountains out of reefs.    We should keep in mind that it is not just China, but four other countries that added dirt on top of various reefs in order to make them bigger than God ever intended them to be.    We should resist a tendency that I see at the Pentagon to try to reconfigure our military as one devoted to fighting China in the South China Sea.    I think that we need to focus on the threats to the United States, especially terrorism, also North Korea--the witnesses have mentioned Pakistan--and not focus on who owns the natural resources, which are not proven to be significant at all, knowing that the one thing we're certain of is that those resources do not belong to us. We should focus on the threats to the United States.    Now, we're told by those who try to hype the importance of these islands that $5 trillion of trade goes through the South China Sea.    That's true--almost all of it in and out of Chinese ports. The control of these islands--and I'm not saying China should control them--would give them the capacity to blockade their own ports. Not a major problem.    The second largest chunk of trade are oil tankers going to Japan, which may go through the South China Sea. Even if these islets were adjudicated to be a part of China, they could continue to go, and if they had to reroute themselves to go east rather than west to the Philippines, it might add a full penny to the cost of gasoline in Japan.    I would point out that while it is in the interest of those at the Pentagon that want to see huge new naval expenditures to tell us that these islets are of critical importance, they're not that important to the countries that claim them.    The Philippines wants to calm down. Japan is willing to spend only 1 percent of its GDP defending itself. They'd like more American tax dollars devoted to that effort.    And then those who exaggerate the importance, say oh, what's at stake here is all of freedom of navigation and maritime law, as if this is the only maritime dispute--as if China is the only country that won't let UNCLOS determine who controls what.    The fact is there are dozens and dozens of maritime disputes. The fact that there are maritime disputes, other than those involving China is rarely mentioned in this room because it has so little effect on the average American.    I would point out that I was just meeting with the Prime Minister and founding President of Timor-Leste. They want to go to UNCLOS to deal with their maritime dispute with Australia. Australia refuses, and yet we're not having hearings about how Australia poses a threat to the world and free navigation and everything America stands for, and I'm sure there's an Australian side to this issue as well.    But every other maritime dispute in the world not involving the United States is one we don't focus on.    Finally, I will respond to one of our witnesses who talked about not building missile defense in South Korea.    I would point out we don't need that missile defense in South Korea only if China defangs the North Korean nuclear program. I'm not sure they're willing to do that, and so to say we don't need it jumps the gun. We don't need it ``if.''    And one of the other witnesses talked about TPP. I think TPP is an incredible bonanza for China because of two provisions. You got to get down on the weeds on this. One is the rules of origin so that goods could be 60 percent made in China and 40 percent finished in, say, Vietnam gets duty-free access to the United States.    We get no access to the Chinese market under TPP, and that's if they admit, and you can be sure that if they admit that 60 percent was made in China the goods will actually be 80 or 90 percent made in China.    So this is 90 percent of the benefits of a free-trade agreement in the United States for China, 0 percent of our access to their market.    And second, the agreement enshrines the idea that free trade doesn't require that you give up currency manipulation. Those are two incredible victories for China, and they didn't even have to pay their diplomats to show up for the meetings. That's spectacularly good negotiating.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    I want to make sure that my views are clear. I am not saying we should step away. I am not saying these are unimportant.    But, when you compare these rocks to North Korea's nuclear program, to Pakistan--a state with over 100 nuclear weapons and a government is hard to view as a single unified entity--when we look at the threats of extremist Islamic terrorism, I would say these rocks are not among the top three threats to the United States and I didn't even mention the Iran nuclear program. First time we have had a hearing when I haven't mentioned the Iran nuclear program.    Mr. Colby, Mr. Cheng, you say that control of these island would be a terrible strategic danger to the United States if China got that.    But our position is we want this taken to UNCLOS which may very well award some of these islands to China, perhaps the very ones they need should the United States willingly accept any adjudication that puts China in control of islands when you regard the Chinese control of these islands as a strategic threat.    Or, do we bow to Dr. Searight when she says it is a matter of rules and principles, and if that means they have their foot on our neck by controlling these strategic islands, so be it if they won it fair and square in an adjudication? Can we--yes?    Mr. Sherman. But the point you are saying is if this Mountain Dew is capable of being a huge strategic threat to the United States, then maybe it doesn't matter.    We are trying to separate here--I am trying to separate whether what's at issue here is the principle or the Mountain Dew, and you seem to say it is the principle--that if they get the Mountain Dew legitimately and they control these islands and they have the sonar equipment because UNCLOS said that some of these islands belong to them, that's fine. They paid $10 for the Mountain Dew. They get the Mountain Dew and they get the sonar, too.    I want to go on to Dr. Searight. You talk about rules and principles being at stake. Aren't they just as at stake when Russia occupies three Japanese-inhabited islands near Sakhalin? Aren't they just as at stake in the dispute between Oman and Yemen, the dispute between Iran and the UAE, France and the Comoros? Why is it that rules and principles are at stake only when we have a chance to confront China?    Mr. Sherman. Well, excuse me. There are, like, four or five countries in these disputes.    Mr. Sherman. We've got a dispute between Madagascar, the Comoros and France. There's three. You can throw in Iran and the UAE and you're up to five.    Mr. Sherman. So it is not like oh, principles are at stake when there are five countries involved----    Mr. Sherman . In separate disputes but all with China but three countries that's not a principle.    Mr. Sherman. Let me finish.    Mr. Sherman. Let me--I've got limited time. Let me contrast this.    These islets have no proven economic value, compared to the dispute between East Timor and Australia that involves the Sunrise oil fields with $40 billion of potential oil and gas reserves.    Our principles are at stake. Should we deploy the U.S. Navy to force Australia to accept an UNCLOS decision? Is there a threat to the world because Australia doesn't accept UNCLOS?    Mr. Sherman. So the principle here then isn't maritime adjudication. The principle here is oppose China because--and you talk about rising powers. Over the last 10 years Russia has been rising. They occupy inhabited Japanese islands not to mention the maritime disputes.    Iran is a rising power. They have a conflict they refuse to adjudicate with the UAE. So, China is the only worthy adversary of our Pentagon, and it is perhaps just a coincidence that all these other things that seem to be in the same category don't merit our attention in much of the same way. I mean, we are not going to have hearings here on Timor-Leste's dispute with Australia.    I yield back.