    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks for testifying this morning.    Mr. Bertoni, you mentioned the inconsistency in awarding, and that has sort of been echoed. Mr. de Planque said that was one of the big problems.    Are your recommendations aimed at improving the consistency in awarding IU?    Mr. McNerney. So is it going to be up to the committee to improve the guidance? Or is it going to be up to----    Mr. McNerney. So, in terms of abuse, in your opinion, is the abuse unintentional because of poor guidance, or is it due to intentional factors?    Mr. McNerney. Do you agree with that, Mr. de Planque?    Mr. de Planque. That seems relatively consistent, yeah.    Mr. McNerney. So, I mean, then the consensus might be that there is not that much intentional abuse; it is just poorly administered.    Mr. de Planque. I don't think there is really intentional abuse, I mean, to any extent. I think these are veterans who see that there is a benefit and that believe that they are entitled to it and, by law, you know, seem to fit within the entitlement of it, and so they seek the benefit. And that is not an abuse of the system. That is getting a benefit that they are entitled to.    Mr. McNerney. So, then, Mr. Flohr, what is the prognosis in terms of when we are going to see a better guidance implemented?    Mr. McNerney. Well----    Mr. McNerney. In terms of developing what you might call rules in many Federal agencies, is this a transparent process that will develop these guidance or the rules?    Mr. McNerney. Asking for outside inputs, putting proposed rules on the Internet for people to comment on, those kind of things.    Mr. McNerney. So you mentioned the word ``regulation.'' Are we talking about the guidance becoming regulations?    Mr. McNerney. So is there a distinction, then, between guidance and regulations?    Mr. McNerney. So the guidance, are those publicly available, what the guidance criteria are?    Mr. McNerney. Okay. All right.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.