    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Yoest, did you use the videos that were shown earlier at this hearing as part of your investigation?    Mr. Kennedy. Did you use the videos that were shown as part of this hearing in your investigation that you quoted, and you got a chart put up earlier detailing the investigation that you have entered into to try to say that Planned Parenthood engaged in these activities?    Mr. Kennedy. OK. Did you ever conduct an analysis of the authenticity of those videos?    Mr. Kennedy. Did you conduct----    Mr. Kennedy. So the full videos, not the videos that we saw then up here, but the full videos, you say, you didn't, and that informed your investigation.    Mr. Kennedy. Of the full videos. OK. Thank you.    Do you have any idea how many, currently, how many House committees are conducting investigations of Planned Parenthood?    Mr. Kennedy. And do you have any idea how many States are conducting independent investigations of Planned Parenthood? I will give you----    Mr. Kennedy. Twelveish is fine. Do you have any idea of how many of those in total 16 investigations have resulted in criminal charges to date?    Mr. Kennedy. To date, ma'am.    Mr. Kennedy. Zero is the answer, right?    Mr. Kennedy. So I believe that is an answer, then zero, correct?    Mr. Kennedy. OK.    Ma'am, it has been a little while since I was trying cases. You mentioned in response to a question to one of our colleagues that the burden of proof would be on Planned Parenthood to try to disprove part of the allegations that were being made. Under what theory of criminal law would the burden of proof shift to them to disprove the allegations that a criminal charge would be brought?    Mr. Kennedy. Please.    Mr. Kennedy. But the burden of proof is not in a criminal sense at all.    Mr. Kennedy. Not in a criminal sense at all, because if a charge is brought criminally, the burden of proof--I am asking you what legal theory--under what legal theory does the burden of proof shift to a defendant?    Mr. Kennedy. OK.    Mr. Chairman, I would like unanimous consent to enter into the record from the National Women's Law Center and the National Health Law Program a letter about the role of Medicaid in ensuring low-income women's access to health care. The letter, Mr. Chairman, states, quote: ``It is no overstatement to say that if H.R. 3134 were to become law, our country would face a significant public health crisis.''    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you.    Ms. Waxman, I have about a minute and a half for you. A couple of questions.    Mr. Mattox had indicated in his testimony that States are permitted to suspend Medicaid providers during the pendency of an investigation into whether a provider violated a State or Federal law. Is that your understanding as well?    Mr. Kennedy. And, Professor Waxman, in your expertise and review of this legislation, do the bills in question define what ``suspicion'' means?    Mr. Kennedy. So to clarify, a provider system or healthcare system under this legislation could potentially lose Medicare dollars on the suspicion that one of its doctors or medical providers had violated some aspect of what this legislation contemplates.    Mr. Kennedy. The entire system.    Mr. Kennedy. So in other words, is it fair to say that these bills undermine the ``any willing provider'' principle of Medicaid regulations as well as due process?    Mr. Kennedy. So, ma'am, in your opinion, is that what happened last month in Louisiana when the State terminated its agreement with Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast provided that it does not provide any abortion services at all and was found to be in compliance with all State and Federal law, and were due process principles and the ``any willing provider'' principle violated there?    Mr. Kennedy. Thank you. Yield back.