    Dr. Zangardi. Good afternoon, Chairman Wilson and Ranking Member Langevin and distinguished members. Thank you for the privilege to speak before you today on the Department of Navy's information technology budget. I will keep my comments brief.    There has been an astounding increase in IT capability over the last few decades. It has important implications for the Department of Navy.    However, unlike traditional weapons systems acquisitions, the Department is not driving the pace of innovation. It is industry. The question is how do we leverage what industry is doing now?    Last week I visited forward-deployed naval forces in both Japan and Guam. I met with marines and sailors. I will briefly share with you different perspectives I gained from those interactions.    I met a young aerographer's mate at the Naval Oceanographic Antisubmarine Warfare Command in Yokosuka, Japan. She was in the top three of her A-school class. Most impressively, she advanced from an E1 to E5 in less than 2 years.    She is reliant on the Navy's overseas network to access tactical applications such as the Naval Integrated Tactical Environmental System, or NITES program. Without access to the network and tactical applications such as NITES, she cannot fully support the warfighter mission with meteorological and mission-planning data, despite all her training.    I also met with senior-level leadership in the Western Pacific. Providing mobile, secure command and control, or C2, over forces is an important concern of the fleet, strike group, and unit commanders. Our overseas expeditionary and afloat networks must be able to respond to this demand signal and deliver capability.    The expectations from the Navy and Marine Corps warfighter are high. The reason we need to harness the industry trends of lower cost and more readily available capability is because information technology provides the means to enable better decision making.    For example, if the Department never improves the network or the tactical applications used by the aerographer's mate, she will not be able to provide the fleet the knowledge products they need to perform their mission or execute it.    Information technology has become the thread that weaves together platforms, tactics, and personnel to execute our strategy. This drives home just how important it is to move forward with transitioning ONE-NET to NMCI , and continuing with installation of Consolidated Afloat Networks and Enterprise Services program. Both are absolutely critical in our support of our forward-deployed forces.    Department of Navy programs such as Marine Corps Enterprise Network, Navy Multiband Terminal, Automated Digital Network System, and Mobile User Objective System need your continued support to provide connectivity to the warfighter and afloat and expeditionary warfighter.    In an era of constrained budgets, we need to learn and leverage lessons from industry. It is incumbent on us to reduce redundancy, drive out costs, and deliver innovation.    How we buy more smartly and put technology in the hands of the warfighter? NGEN . Our ashore network contract, NGEN, is a true success story that is providing capability now. The NGEN contract delivered $1.2 billion in real savings across the FYDP as a result of competitive market forces.    I believe that we bought smartly. The NGEN contract provides for an enterprise network for both Navy and Marines. NGEN is also how we will deliver JIE and JRSS. We are engaged in the development of JIE and implementation of JRSS.    Data center consolidation and application rationalization are another effort. They are not easy tasks. Industry will tell you that while these are challenging, they are critical components to drive out costs and drive in security.    We are making progress. The desired end state is a single integrated global ashore infrastructure service delivering, leveraging Navy data centers, application hosting, and commercial cloud services. The objective is to drive out cost while still providing the warfighter the information they need when they need it.    Providing increased mobility options to the warfighter is paramount. Putting new industry standard devices that deliver consistent security by separating business data from employee personal information is just starting up, and should be complete by year's end for about 30,000 devices across the Navy.    The Department is focused on innovation. We increasingly realize that information is an asset. The Department's information systems provide an opportunity, and can enable innovation areas of business intelligence and the cloud. We need to rethink how we value and share information. We have to ensure that our processes move at the speed necessary in the information age.    Lastly, Vice Admiral Branch couldn't attend, but wishes to have his statement added to the record. And I would appreciate your consideration there, sir.    The Department of Navy is very proud of our efforts in IT. I am standing by for your questions.    Dr. Zangardi. Yes, sir. Thank you.    Very briefly, on the civilian side from 2012 to 2014 we have seen our attrition rate of civilians drop from 9.7 to 5.1. That may be due to the economy. But I also think it reflects the unique work that we do at locations and SPAWAR Systems Command out in California.    It is a unique opportunity to work on some cutting-edge technology, or also to serve your country. I agree with the general that things like STEM and outreach to schools and other industries to bring in uniquely qualified personnel are very helpful to our ability to keep and retain highly qualified civilians.    On the military side, our rates for accession and retention are being met. We utilize selective retention bonuses and we provide increased training opportunities at the 12- to 14-year mark, which is a mark at which most people will not leave after they get the training.    Dr. Zangardi. Yes, sir. I concur with Mr. Halvorsen's statement since he had my job previously.    NGEN, the NGEN contract is our path forward to JIE. It--specifically, the technical refresh or modernization dollars within the program will be channeled to JIE activities or acquisitions as the standards are defined.    We are engaged now in engineering, planning, and budgeting on the JIE team. We have engineers involved. We have our SPAWAR folks playing in there. We plan to be part of the definition of JIE and JRSS.    As Mr. Halvorsen said, we will be complete in 2018. We align with that schedule. We are also working closely with PACOM J6 on what JIE increment 2.0 is. So we are very involved in the whole effort of JIE and JRSS, and have the mechanisms in place in NGEN to move forward.    General Bender. Sir, if I could clarify for the Air Force. We are actually at an end-of-life condition. We are on a single security architecture since 2011 with 16 gateways. And this is the next evolution. So JIE, JRSS, is the right way for the Air Force to go.    General Ferrell. And sir, I would like to give you a good news story on the progress of the JRSS, specifically at Joint Base San Antonio where there is a partnership between the Army and the Air Force and Defense Information System Agency.    When we started this journey about a year ago of again taking the JRSS capability, as well as expanding the capacity at Joint Base San Antonio, put it in place and worked through the technical challenges of how do we collapse the network.    I am very pleased to tell you to date that we have expanded the capacity there at Joint Base San Antonio. We have installed the JRSS devices. And we have also passed traffic, both Air Force and Army traffic, over the same network between Joint Base San Antonio as well as Montgomery, Alabama.    So again, that is the first step toward progress, physical progress with this effort. We have taken lessons learned from that initial site and we are going to incorporate that on all the follow-on sites, both CONUS and OCONUS .    Dr. Zangardi. Sir, may I respond?    A couple areas. First, modernization is capability and security. Our NGEN program has built in modernization so we bring in technology on a 4- to 5-year refresh basis.    Our afloat network CANES has a 2-year software upgrade and a 4-year hardware upgrade built in. So as you do modernization you bring in the latest technology, bring in the latest security.    Operation Rolling Tide, ORT, dollars are in the budget. That is bringing out tools, techniques, procedures to our folks out in the fleet that will improve security on our afloat and ashore units.    We stood up in the Navy something called TFCA, Task Force Cyber Awakening. And I will read exactly what it does. It delivers fundamental change to the Navy's organization, resourcing, acquisition, and readiness. And align and strengthen authority, accountability, and rigor in Navy cybersecurity.    We have full, broad support across the Navy organization. My boss, the Assistant Secretary for Research, Development and Acquisition, is the lead for the EXCOM , along with the Vice Chief of Naval Operations. The three-star SYSCOMs are involved, all the resource sponsors. It has the highest level of interest.    With regards to the cloud, I align with the DOD CIO on that. Before we move any data out to the public cloud, we are going to go through the data and screen it very carefully to make sure that we are not putting things, data, in commercial cloud scenarios that we should not be putting it. We are going to proceed with due caution.    And to add on to General Nally, working, deploying in a degraded environment is key to Navy in the Western Pacific. We need to have the procedures in place to do that. And we are working those.    Dr. Zangardi. As I mentioned in a previous question, modernization is fundamental to providing us security and the capability we need. Sequestration will hamper, slow by several years our ability to modernize our IT capability.    General Nally. Our biggest concern is people. So if we have to reduce funding and then the people that actually defend and protect the network, and we have to let those people go. That is our concern.    And again, that gets back to my first priority. It is the people. If I don't have the right people to operate and defend the network, the network is worthless.