    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; I appreciate it very much.    And thank you all for being here today.    Before I entered Congress a year ago, I was the State treasurer in Maine and a small-business owner. I still am a small-business owner. And one of the things that we learned, those of us who are business owners is: number one, live within your means; and number two, be very, very careful with debt.    Now, I will tell you, one of the things that we learned, Mr. Chairman, back in Maine when I was State treasurer, we actually had a debt clock that was unwinding. I come in here every hearing and I look at that $19 trillion continuing to spool up and it makes me sick to my stomach. It makes me sick to my stomach because there aren't enough people, frankly, on the other side of the aisle who have the guts to deal with this. They talk about it, but all they want is bigger government, more spending, and more debt, which results in higher taxes. And they, of course, want more regulations and higher energy costs, and that kills jobs.    And it kills jobs, that is important, because if our folks don't have jobs, then they don't pay taxes, they are more dependent on the government, and we don't have the cash flow to meet our obligations.    Now, the reason we were able to unwind our debt clock in Maine during 2011, 2012 is because we attacked a fundamental issue dealing with the debt, which is our unfunded pension liability, public pension fund. We looked it in the eye, we were serious about it, we engaged all stakeholders and we reduced 41 percent of that pension debt, which caused the debt clock to unwind.    Now, we have the same problem here, Mr. Chairman. We have a $15 trillion unfunded defined benefit pension plan called Social Security. Now, we all know in this room and the folks who are listening, two-thirds of our budget is on autopilot in four programs: Medicare; Medicaid; Social Security; and interest on the debt, which isn't a program, but it continues to grow.    When are we going to have a serious conversation with the kids in this country, 25- and 30-year-old folks to say, if you want these programs that are growing a lot faster than our tax revenues, we need to make some changes? We know what to do; it is simple math.    Now, I am not talking about our seniors, Mr. Chairman, who have paid into these programs their whole lives and are depending on these programs. No change for them. But we have millennials, and there are a lot of them, a lot more than the baby boomers, and we can fix this.    So that is one of the reasons, Mr. Chairman, why I support, and I know you do, too, and those on this side of the aisle do, a balanced budget amendment of the Constitution. My second day here, when I was still trying to find out where the men's room was. I cosponsored that bill. I think it would be the greatest institutional tool that Washington could have. Force Washington to live within its means so we can start paying down our debt.    Now, Mr. Chairman, when we have Mr. Lew coming in here, the Secretary of the Treasury, telling us, well, the debt is no big deal, it is only 3, 4 percent of the GDP, we have talked about it today, you have, Mr. Chairman, thank you, the interest payments on that debt are now twice what we spend on veterans' benefits in a year. They are projected to exceed what we spend to defend our country in 8 years. It is a big deal.    Now, I would say also, Mr. Chairman, that 4 years ago the annual budget deficit was $1.3 trillion, and it is now $440 billion. We have a long way to go, but it has been cut in two-thirds, not because some folks don't want to spend more, but because Republicans are trying to be fiscally disciplined and have spending caps in place.    So my question to you, Mr. Mitchell, is--you have been around this town a lot longer than I have--do you think we have enough people in Congress who have the guts to address our spending problem, who will allow us to start whittling away at that $19 trillion debt that is chewing up our budget and putting a yoke around our kids' necks, that they are going to be saddled with, that creates a tremendous dark cloud above our economy and kills jobs and kills the kids of our future? What do you think?    Mr. Poliquin. We don't need a commission, Mr. Stone, to make a decision, but we know what to do.    Mr. Poliquin. This is all about politics and simple math.    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back my time which I don't have.