    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to both witnesses for your service and your testimony today. I just have a couple quick questions.    And, Secretary Carter, Admiral Stavridis, retired admiral, Under Secretary Stackley, Secretary Mabus have all appeared over the last couple of weeks, and we have talked about this question of the long view of the undersea fleet, which Admiral Harris and General Breedlove said at this point are kind of playing zone defense out there because of what is happening in the Pacific and the North Atlantic.    Again, this is a good budget in terms of investing, as you point out, in shipbuilding or submarine building, but down the road, you know, there is a possibility that we are going to see a dip at probably the worst possible time. And so I guess the question is, do you agree that this is an issue that we need to work on, as Secretary Stackley has promised, so that we, again, are able to keep our eyes focused on the long view in terms of that emerging challenge?    Mr. Courtney. Thank you. And, again, we think--you know, we have found some ways to use different authorities, multiyear procurement, et cetera, to try and, again, maximize every efficiency to help in that effort. And, again, Secretary Stackley emphasized that when he appeared before the committee.    I would like to shift gears for a second. First of all, I want to thank you for your comments regarding what happened in Brussels yesterday, and also noting that Brussels is actually the home of NATO, and, you know, there is a lot of work that takes place in that city which is extremely important in terms of our national defense. Yesterday, the frontrunner for the Republican nomination told the Washington Post, NATO was set up at a different time; I think NATO as a concept is good, but it is not as good as it was when it first evolved.    In your testimony, I counted three instances--the fight against ISIL, the continuing efforts in Afghanistan, and also the European Reassurance Initiative--where NATO is absolutely at the center of our military strategy and operations. Is NATO relevant today? I mean, I guess we need to ask that question, given what is out there in the public domain.    Mr. Courtney. So I agree, and I respect that. And I guess the question I would ask, then, is that the European Reassurance Initiative, that funding, again, is going to flow through the NATO structure. I mean, that is not a, you know----    Mr. Courtney. Thank you for those answers.    The Chairman. Mr. Miller.