    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call the hearing to order this morning, and today's hearing is going to be on the EPS Improvement Act of 2016. And I will introduce our witnesses after we have an opportunity to make an opening statement.    But this hearing this morning is going to be focused on our efforts to correct a little glitch in the 2005 Energy Policy Act relating to external power sources and solid state liquid lighting systems.    Mr. Whitfield. And at this time I am going to call on Renee Ellmers to give her opening statement. She and Diana together, it is their bill, and I want to give them an opportunity to talk about it.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you, Mrs. Ellmers, very much. We appreciate that. And at this time I would like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you very much, Mr. McNerney. Mr. Upton is not here this morning. Is there anyone else on our side of the aisle that would like to make a comment about this hearing, the subject matter of this hearing? If not, then I will recognize the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. That concludes our opening statements. And before I introduce our panel of witnesses I do want to thank both the Democratic and Republican staff, certainly Diana DeGette and Renee Ellmers for working together on this important legislation. And we appreciate very much the National Electrical Manufacturers Association and the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy helping us to craft this legislation.    And we are delighted that we have two witnesses here today representing those organizations. First of all, we have Jennifer Amann who is the Buildings Program director at the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy, and then we have Dr. Pekka Hakkarainen who is vice president of Lutron Electronics. I think they are from Pennsylvania, I believe. And you are testifying on behalf of the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.    So we appreciate both of you being with us this morning, and we look forward to your opening statement and your expertise in this area. And with that Ms. Amann, I will recognize you for your 5-minute opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. Amann, I am sorry. Be sure and turn your microphone on.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you very much. And Dr. Hakkarainen, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, thank you for your testimony. We appreciate it, as I said earlier, both of you being here today, and it is encouraging that when you get to a technical issue that the parties can come together and try to move expeditiously.    And one of the questions I would have for both of you, I have not had an opportunity to talk to Ms. DeGette or Mrs. Ellmers about it, but we do believe that we ought to pass this legislation through the House rather quickly, maybe even on suspension. And I was just curious, have you all been working on the Senate side at all about moving the bill over there? Whoever would like to respond to that.    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. OK, good. Now, Dr. Hakkarainen, if February the 10th rolled by and this regulation did go into effect and we were not able to get this legislation passed, what would be the practical impacts on, say, Lutron Electronics?    Mr. Whitfield. Would that interfere with your ability to sell the product?    Mr. Whitfield. OK. Yes.    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to just ask you sort of a generic question about the American Council for Energy-Efficient Economy. I know you are a nonprofit group and I know you are involved in policy issues. But I notice that you talk about advancing energy efficiency technologies and investments. I was just curious, how do you all go about doing that advancing new technologies and investments?    Mr. Whitfield. But do you actually help on investments, like obtaining money?    Mr. Whitfield. And when will that be held this----    Mr. Whitfield. OK. I yield back the balance of my time and recognize Mr. McNerney for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time I recognize the gentle lady from North Carolina, Mrs. Ellmers, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mrs. Ellmers yields back, so at this time I would like to recognize Ms. Capps for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time I recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time I would call on the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Flores, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Harper, do you have any questions?    Mr. Whitfield. Well, that is the end of the questions of our subcommittee. And Ms. DeGette who is a co-sponsor of the bill is a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. She is not a member of this subcommittee and I didn't want you all to think we were discriminating against her, so at this time I would like to recognize Ms. DeGette for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. We feel quite confident that the Senate will recognize that we have perfected this legislation and they will adopt it.    But that does conclude today's hearing, and I want to thank our two witnesses for being with us and certainly want to reiterate our appreciation to Mrs. Ellmers and Ms. DeGette for sort of leading the charge on this. And with that, the record will remain open for 10 days, and that concludes today's hearing. Thank you very much.