    Mr. Weller. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ms. Kuster, and Members of the Committee. Thank you very much for the invitation.    And, Mr. Chairman, I really credit you in holding this hearing and having an opportunity to talk about how the voluntary approach is delivering real results.    In my experience in the last several years, particularly in the last several months, it seems there is a growing theme, and it is one I am concerned about. And that is the voluntary approach to agriculture conservation is not working, and we are not getting the results that were perhaps expected or promised. And people are considering other options, whatever those options may be.    To have a forum, a venue to actually share what farmers and forest landowners are doing for the Chesapeake Bay but what, importantly, this Committee provides for through its investments through USDA generally and NRCS specifically for an array of conservation programs and the very significant assistance this Committee makes available, I have to say it is delivering huge results, not just in the Chesapeake Bay but nationally.    In previous testimony, I have been able to talk about some of the other outcomes, results that are happening on the landscape because of the voluntary approach, because of the collaborative approach farmers and ranchers are taking as part of their agricultural production. But, today, we are also, obviously, focused on the Bay.    And there have been some allegations that USDA hasn't done its part, that we made promises. I am here to say we made promises absolutely, but those promises were absolutely kept and in part because of the very significant programs and flexibilities and tools this Committee provides us, and in partnership with agriculture in the Chesapeake Bay.    Since 2009 through this fiscal year, we at NRCS and our conservation partners, state government and districts and NGO organizations across the Bay watershed, and across six states, have invested $890 million in financial and technical assistance to help producers put in place valuable conservation practices on their operations. That in turn has leveraged we estimate $400 million in conservation out of the pockets, the budgets of those family farming operations. Just through the title II programs alone, that is not counting the very significant investments from partners and state government and very significant investments from the NGO community. We are talking a very substantial investment in private lands, voluntary incentive-based conservation.    In general, I sleep well at night knowing that the voluntary approach works and is delivering results. But what is really compelling is that this voluntary approach is a win-win. It is a win in this case because we are starting to see a recovery of the Bay, but it is also a win because we have been able to maintain productive working agricultural lands here in the Chesapeake Bay region.    Regarding the size and scope, sir, that you outlined at the beginning, it is a very large watershed. In total, it is 44 million acres in size, of which about 7 million acres are cropland, another 3.6 million acres are pasture, and then forests are an additional 21 million acres. It is a very significant footprint that rural lands have. And that is a good thing, because we depend upon the water flowing off those rural lands to maintain the quality of waters that flow ultimately into the Bay.    In my view and in my estimation, if you care about the quality of the Bay water, you have to care about the integrity and the economic success of those working landscapes. It is not just something that NRCS believes in, it was actually in the Administration's Chesapeake Bay strategy that was released in 2010, that was put out as an interagency report, that laid out our strategy and our commitments, going forward, to implement President Obama's Executive Order to help address Chesapeake Bay challenges and also opportunities. In that report, it specifically calls out that healthy, productive agriculture is essential to maintaining the protection and vitality of the Chesapeake Bay waters.    We put in place, we invested $890 million. By many people, unfortunately, that is the only metric, how much money you spend. In my view, that is not a very good metric. I would rather actually get to what we are really doing with the money. With the money invested, we were able to put in place conservation systems on 3.6 million acres of working lands: croplands, pastures, and working timberland forests. That is a land area equivalent size almost three times the State of Delaware.    Within that very significant footprint, we then worked with our partners to try and identify, where are those most vulnerable soils? Where are those small watersheds where there is the greatest opportunity to make a difference? We put in place these overall good water-quality management practices on 1.6 million acres and highly targeted practices in these priority areas across the Bay states.    Just measuring by one metric alone, the protection for the streams and tributaries, just looking at those buffers and fences, basic practices to protect the integrity of those riparian areas, if you laid them end to end, it would be 3,500 miles of water quality protection practices along streams and tributaries were installed just since 2009. If you laid that out, that would stretch from Annapolis, Maryland, all the way to San Francisco, and from San Francisco all the way north to Seattle. The voluntary approach absolutely is installing real infrastructure that works for working agriculture but also, in this case, is helping to protect the waters of the Chesapeake Bay.    What is the result of all this? We went out and did a survey with producers on the Bay back in 2012. Already, that survey result is getting a little bit long in the tooth. But back in 2012, what we found is that producers on the Bay had in place soil conservation practices on 97 percent of all cropland acres on the Bay. Ninety-seven percent of the 7 million cropland acres on the Bay had soil conservation practices in place. At least 52 percent of those cultivated crop acres had cover crops as part of the rotation. Over 50 percent were no-till.    When we went out and we have done these surveys nationally, the Chesapeake Bay stands out as one of the leading areas in the entire country in terms of the level of stewardship and good quality management, soil conservation, and water-quality management. In many cases, they stand, producers here on the basin, stand head and shoulders above other areas in the country. There is no doubt in my mind that is a result of the voluntary approach producers are doing their part.    What do these good conservation practices result in? Back in 2012, again, we estimate that we reduced edge-of-field losses moving off cultivated farm fields by 62 percent in terms of sediment loss, 45 percent from the phosphorus loss, and 38 percent in terms of nitrogen loss. Just sediment loss alone, 62 percent reduction in edge-of-field loss, that is equivalent to 15 million tons of sediment that is no longer flowing into tributaries and ultimately deposited into the Chesapeake Bay watershed.    A headwind, though, that blowing against this that people don't often talk about is actually the urbanization of the watershed. Over the last 20 years, so from 2002 to 2012, in 20 years, 1.6 million acres of rural lands were developed, were converted. I don't want to pick on Delaware, but that is a land area 30 percent bigger than the entire State of Delaware was developed.    Why is that significant? Because when you have asphalt, roads, roofs, parking lots, an acre the asphalt has 16 times the volume of runoff than an acre of meadow. You are exacerbating the runoff, the energy that is flowing into tributaries, eroding stream banks, picking up sediment that is in the streambeds, ultimately flowing warmer water, faster water, more energetic water, carrying nutrients, sediments other contaminants off of those developed areas in the Chesapeake Bay watershed. That is a strong headwind. Notwithstanding the headwind, we have made great progress.    What are the actual results? We have estimated what some of these results are doing, and we went out and we started to a look at, what are other organizations reporting out in terms of actual outcomes? To be clear, I am not claiming credit that agriculture is responsible for all of these outcomes. But when you start to lay out all the positive trends and you connect the dots, big picture view, there is something happening, and it is very positive. In my view, agriculture is a huge contributor to this.    The Chesapeake Bay Program has estimated that, between 2009 and 2015, that there have been declines in loadings, in tributaries flowing into the Bay. In terms of sediment, a 640 million pound reduction in sediment, a 38 million pound reduction in phosphorus, a 24 million pound reduction in nitrogen. It turns out the agricultural sector, according to the Chesapeake Bay Program, is the leading sector reducing these loadings. In terms of the sediment, the agricultural sector is responsible for 78 percent of that reduction. For the phosphorus, the agriculture sector is responsible for 53 percent of that reduction. And for nitrogen, the agriculture sector is responsible for 23 percent of that reduction.    According to the USDA, the long-term trends in total nitrogen indicate improving conditions at a majority of the monitoring stations across rivers and tributaries in the Bay. Twice as many monitoring stations show improving trends for nitrogen as those monitoring stations showing degrading trends. And for phosphorus, over three times as many are monitoring stations that show positive improving trends as those show degrading. According to USGS, for the last 10 years, nitrogen levels improved at 54 percent of the monitoring stations and, for phosphorus, at 68 percent of the monitoring stations.    And USGS also estimated, in providing a forecast about potential summer dissolved oxygen levels, which is a measure of quality of Bay water, USGS estimated that the Susquehanna River delivered 66.2 million pounds of nitrogen from January to May 2016, which is 17 percent below average conditions.    According to the Maryland Department of Natural Resources in July of 2016, they issued a report that dissolved oxygen levels in Maryland's portion of the Bay were the second best since 1985. And University of Maryland's Center for Environmental Studies, they are the ones who produce the annual report. They issue the index report card. They give a score for the health of the Bay. In 2015, it earned one of the three highest scores since 1986. They got a letter grade of ``C,'' which I will say is not great, but it is one of the three highest since 1986, and the other two highest were in 2014 and 2013, showing a positive trend line.    You also look at the ecosystem itself. You have crabs, 19 percent increase in breeding adult females. Total blue crab population, it is the fourth highest population in 2 decades. Seagrass extent, we have had an over 50 percent increase in the overall expanse of seagrasses in the Bay, which is another indicator of overall aquatic health. That is important because those are the nurseries, the fisheries for crabs and for other aquatic species in the Bay. Anchovy, bass, shad have all shown over the last several years, if not a decade, positive increases, a surging rebounding population across the Bay.    Again, I am not claiming agriculture is solely responsible, but in my view, agriculture has absolutely not only made a promise in part because of what this Committee provides to our Department, has helped deliver on that promise through a voluntary collaborative approach, which is helping, in my view, ensure the long-term sustainability and productivity of agriculture in this region but also, in this case, the recovery and health of the Chesapeake Bay watershed. Thank you.    Mr. Weller. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. Secretary Redding, you are now recognized for your statement.    Mr. Weller. Let me begin with answering and recognizing the importance of the districts. NRCS, when we were born 81 years ago, we were the Soil Conservation Service, 1935. At the same time, we were born alongside across states during that era with soil and conservation districts across the country. And we grew up together. We are collocated together. If you were to walk in one of our field offices, more often than not, we are collocated. You wouldn't know where the local district began and where the NRCS ended. They are teams. They share in everything. And so they are part and parcel of the overall infrastructure to deliver a voluntary approach.    I am also very sympathetic to what Secretary Redding has laid out and the charge that state government is trying to address their needs and challenges in the state. But from my perspective, just looking at our capacity, just at NRCS, to deliver conservation, starting with the conservation planning but then taking advantage of the resources through the farm bill programs and working with producers, since 2010 to 2015, across the entire Chesapeake Bay watershed, because of funding reductions, NRCS has 155 fewer field office employees today than we did back in 2015. In Pennsylvania alone, we have 55 fewer field-level district conservationists to do on-the-ground conservation that we had just 5 years ago. To help pick up the slack, you have to have partners to help us continue to carry the ball, to do that, conservation planning and delivery.    And so to the extent that those very limited resources are already stretched thin, are then diverted to other activities, that is just going to make it harder to take advantage of the resources through the farm bill, to go out and do one-on-one consultative support with the producer, and ultimately, it is going to make it much harder to deliver a voluntary approach for conservation.    The Chairman. Conservation districts have a special relationship, obviously, with producers, because a trust factor has been built over many decades. As producers see district employees, they are there to help. They are there to help, I would say not in a punitive; it has never been in a punitive manner. But it has always been in a cooperative, consultative capacity. Because of this trust factor, districts can bridge the gap between producers and government agencies, both state and Federal.    That being said, I am concerned, and I understand the short game, because when you have an agency, the EPA, and Washington is threatening withholding funding that have been appropriated by this body, they are there to execute what we appropriate, and yet they are changing and they are arbitrarily implementing their roles. They are actually, to some extent, they are legislating, which is not within the Constitution what they are supposed to do. I get the short game of the threats of the personnel needs, because I have met these folks, the boots-on-the-ground, and they are good people. They have great education, great background, and they are dedicated to serving or advancing conservation practices. But that trust issue, I am just very concerned that the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection finds themselves in a position, because of the influence of the EPA, which I don't think they really have the authority to do, quite frankly. I don't remember anything that we have done authorizing or appropriating that would allow them this hammer, especially when the EPA regional director from Philadelphia has been in this hearing room and has told us that the Chesapeake Bay is not a regulation, which pretty much knocked most of us out of our seats, because it sure sounds like a regulation when you look at the punitive consequences of not adhering.    But it really comes down, and I am concerned what the breakdown, what this does to the trust, where the requirements, the districts begin doing compliance checks in order to continue receiving funding for bay technician staff only will erode this relationship. If districts lose this trust due to the uncomfortable position EPA has forced them into, we will only serve to hamper the conservation delivery system.    I divide this into a short game and a long game. The short game is, I get it, the financial pressures, being held for ransom financially. But the long-term game is what concerns me because trust is inherently a part of voluntary conservation. And all the great gains, the percentages, sediments, the TMDLs, the phosphorus, the nitrates.    And you put it into such great perspective because you talked about the urbanization, that headwind, that pressure, that growth since I was first elected to serving this body in 2008. You compound that with what we never account for, those periodic 100 and 500 year floods, which seem to be coming a whole lot more often than that, that just wash over those banks. And there is not a thing that we can do about that, not a thing that we can do about stopping those things that have always occurred that wash all the phosphates and nitrates that were safely safeguarded, except for those occasions of those massive floods.    What is your perspective on the long-term game? Because I am concerned that if we lose the trust with the voluntary conservation programs, which means that, over time, we will begin to lose ground on cleaning our watersheds as farmers and ranchers become more guarded about allowing, whether its NRCS, whether it is conservation districts, whether it is the ag extension folks, onto their farms and ranches.    Mr. Weller. If I may, in listening, sir, to your question and your remarks, I am reminded of a different region of the country but a very eloquent producer. This was in Denver, Colorado, when Secretary Jewell announced we were not going to list the sage-grouse because of a voluntary approach to managing range country in the West. There was a rancher from Nevada. His name is Duane Coombs. In my view, he stole the show at this event, in part because he spoke for the land, but he also spoke for his community and the people that work the land. He was very eloquent when he said, I am going to paraphrase what he said, good conservation is good government. And that empowers people. It empowers communities, and it gives dignity, in his words, to the little people.    But he also talked about how a collaborative voluntary approach, where you built trust with landowners and communities, can help change the relationship between people who live on the land and the government. And he was starting to see a shift in the winds in a part of the country where there has not, frankly, been a great relationship between landowners and the Federal Government, and he was very optimistic for the future.    Shifting here back to the Chesapeake Bay and to your question on trust, it is fundamental. What a lot of our colleagues in the environmental community don't recognize is we are only there on that farm but for the invitation of that landowner. And more often than not, I just spoke to a producer yesterday, in fact, from Texas, and she was relaying to me some concerns she had, but how she worked with NRCS, invited her into her kitchen, and sat at the table for 8 hours working through her agricultural operation and identifying what are the best approaches to address her resource-management challenges on her farm. That doesn't happen with very many other Federal agencies where you are literally invited to a homeowner's house, at the kitchen table, and you are part of, many cases, the family, but you are looked at as a business partner. If you lose that trust and people suspect you have other motives or they suspect or fear that what they are going to share with you will be used for other purposes, the long view I share a concern with what may happen to that invitation and to that willingness for people to open their farm gate.    The Chairman. Thank you very much.    I am pleased to recognize Ms. Kuster for a line of questioning and consume as much time as you would.    Mr. Weller. I am very cognizant, but I am appearing for the body that writes the laws. We don't get a choice on what laws we choose to implement or not.    Mr. Weller. To your question, ma'am, there is a lot of concern, and it is not just from producers, landowners, forest landowners, producers in New Hampshire. This is virtually in every state. When I go on the road, I think about every farmer I visit with this is what I hear. And then I get in the cab of the truck and visit with the NRCS staff, and I get an earful. It is a concern. And so it is a little bit responding to the previous question about trust. It is also, frankly, about the brand. If your brand is, what you offer is a lot of paperwork and red tape, it makes it really hard to get people to want to come in and work with you. Again, long view, I am a little bit concerned.    Short-term, we have been able to work through it. I will be honest: it has been a burden on the men and women in the field. It has been distracting them from their day-to-day jobs. We have had to go back and review 15,000 active EQIP and CSP contracts this year. The value of those contracts is approaching $1 billion, and these are active contracts that were hung up on this issue.    Mr. Weller. The requirement, there are these two different systems. You have to get a DUNS number, DUNS Bradstreet number, and then you have to have a System for Award Management number, which is a separate system. It was, my understanding, put into a Military Construction Authorization Act. It was meant to really address large contractors that work with the government. If a farmer files his or her taxes as an entity, a joint operation, or an LLC, which many producers do, they are required to basically register with the government because they are receiving a direct payment from the Federal Government. It is a way, big picture, for the government to ensure we are not improperly paying corporations that have some issues, tax liabilities, or shouldn't be paid. I don't think it was intended to, in this case, impact the producers, landowners.    Unfortunately, these SAM numbers require the producers to go to this website, and it requires an annual renewal. And so, for a lot of folks, they would get their number, but then their number would expire. Separately, and I am sorry to get bureaucratic, but----    Mr. Weller. Okay. We are required then to ensure producers have their numbers and are valid and are current. If they are not, we legally cannot make a payment. We are working very hard to educate producers. We are helping to provide as much help to get their numbers going. But, frankly, it is something at the end they have to get. I would be happy to work with your office, with this Committee to go a little bit deeper into what the issues are and look for some options to help reduce the red tape.    Mr. Weller. Well, I am not the overall expert in what localities and developers are doing for stormwater management. But I would like to just build upon what Secretary Redding laid out in that there is also hints at an opportunity for agriculture, for working lands, is something at NRCS we have also been trying to support, and that is this notion of trading, of using market mechanisms.    For example, just here in Washington, D.C., D.C. Water, a couple of years ago, had to encumber ratepayers in the city with a 100 year $1 billion bond to retrofit the city stormwater and wastewater treatment system, which is by setting that aside, a huge debt but also an environmental justice issue for a lot of folks who live in this community.    Setting that aside, could there have been opportunities for D.C. Water to instead partner with producers of the Potomac, to work with the watershed itself and partner with them to put in place lower cost practices that will be, frankly, good for production, better nutrient management, better tillage practices, better pest management that would have the same, if not more, effect on overall water quality flowing here in the Bay, that would have been a lower cost to taxpayers, ratepayers, here in the city, would have encumbered communities with less long-term debt, but then also, frankly, would have been, again, that positive feedback, that investment in agricultural infrastructure that is going to help provide for the long-term productivity of the lands.    We have been, in trying to provide some seed money, venture money in this here in the Bay, in Maryland, Virginia. I would be very interested in exploring opportunities in Pennsylvania. Is there a way you could actually not just get money for your grain crop or for your dairy products but a producer could then also get some additional financial incentive to provide for cleaner water for ratepayers downstream but do it in a way that is not a regulatory burden but is, instead, a more collaborative positive approach.    There are examples of this in a small scale nationally. We are very interested and excited about this, but we haven't yet cracked the code to get this at scale. This is a big opportunity here in the Chesapeake Bay.    The Chairman. Well, it sounds like a great opportunity for the agricultural community. I am not sure it is doing much for stopping the progressive contributions of chemicals or phosphates, nitrates, all the things that we have been battling. Urbanization, as you know, obviously continues. And development, it is hard not to have that happen. The trading credits, obviously, are a credible tool that many are looking at, but I am not sure it is a solution in getting the Bay cleaner, quite frankly.    And I did promise that was my last question, but just a clarification. There is a lot of heartburn and concern on the part of the Committee, who worked so long and hard on the farm bill, in terms of maintaining confidentiality of farmers. And I just wanted to revisit that.    Just briefly, Secretary Redding, looking at, and I get the idea of a voluntary confidentiality waiver. Quite frankly, if your Member of Congress is working with you for any reason, first thing we do is we get people to sign that waiver form. They are eager to do it, because they have approached us about resolving their problem. But how does that work if they choose not to do that, not to provide that information, are they then automatically, technically out of compliance and, therefore, potentially subject to some type of a penalty?    There is kind of an oxymoron between the words voluntary and compliance. They just usually don't fit very well together.    Mr. Weller. In part, it would be a reflection of what has been shared and discussed in the hearing today. But my short message would be, really, a request that the commission and representatives that appear before the commission, to be honest, that we need to celebrate. We have collectively made huge progress.    In part, a lot of the impassioned concern for the health of the Bay, there are a lot of folks who are concerned we haven't made as much progress as some feel we need, but it is important once in a while to actually take stock of how far we have come.    We should also thank, frankly, agriculture for how much has been delivered. As I shared a little bit earlier before you were able to arrive, according to the Chesapeake Bay Program, agriculture, the agricultural sector, is one of the leading if not the leading sector for reducing nonpoint source loadings into the Bay itself, particularly for sediment and for phosphorous, and also has made good contributions for nitrogen.    And so it is, really, the holdup in identify, recognize, and celebrate success. And then, collectively, we need to identify, we are not saying ``mission accomplished.'' We are not saying ``job done.'' Then let's jointly focus on what needs to happen next.    And so, unfortunately, there has been a lot of focus on how much money you have spent, a lot of folks point at USDA. And for those who care about the sustainability of the Bay, if your only metric is how much the Federal Government has spent, I would submit that is not a very sustainable metric and perhaps it is not the best metric. Let's look at, broadly, what is science telling us about the trend and direction of the Bay. And in general, there are a lot of good points that show recovery, a rebound. And, okay. Let's celebrate what is resulting in that. It is very complex. There are a lot of factors, but you can't forget the men and women, the family operations that are trying to make a living off the land that, frankly, are putting products on the shelves of our stores, the people, the 17 million people that live on the Bay, who depend upon the food when they go to the grocery store. And so these small business operators want to stay in business. And then, frankly, that is the best thing for the Bay is to have those lands stay in pasture and in crop and forest. And the best way to ensure that landscape stays open and doesn't get sold and developed is to ensure it is economic and those business owners can make a living.    That comes back to celebrating success, rewarding progress, and then focusing on what still needs to happen and how do we jointly leverage and invest in a positive solution that is collaborative, as opposed to punitive.    Mr. Weller. There are examples. And I am not saying, but it is in part human nature, and folks are very concerned and passionate, doesn't matter what side of the issue you are on.    I am not saying there is finger-pointing, but I am saying we could better partner together. Notwithstanding the resources we get from this Committee, our resources, particularly our staff, our field folk, who work very hard, and I am very proud of what they do, their time, and they are stressed very thin. And right now, they are pretty stressed, given it is the final week or 2 of the fiscal year.    How do we, then, work better with state government? How do we work better with districts? How do we work better with agribusiness and agricultural consultants? How do we work better with loaning institutions? How do we work better with water utilities and municipalities? And there are examples of this. In part, there is a program this Committee has supported, a Regional Conservation Partnership Program, which around the country, we have now over 198 projects which are showing you can partner together. When you empower local folks to identify their priorities and invite NRCS, USDA in that conversation to co-invest, you can unlock some really exciting things.    We have a lot of examples where you can get past the finger-pointing and actually get the results on the ground. And there are absolutely examples right here on the Chesapeake Bay. I don't want to mischaracterize what is happening.