    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    I wanted to follow up on what my colleague was just talking about. I am married to a family nurse practitioner who works in a Level 1 trauma center, but, over the last month, she spent about five or six shifts on a trauma helicopter as their chief trauma nurse and really works a lot with these first responders on different issues. These are really the salt-of-the-earth people who face and run into situations without asking questions, whatever it might be. I particularly am concerned about, are we looking out for these guys in the best capacity?    In driving to my question for both Dr. Cairns and former Senator Talent, the medical community seems to have a knowledge or understanding--or they are getting there--of what is going on, of what they might be facing, yet it seems the larger communities, whether you want to call it awareness or the action steps or whatever, it just seems like the threat isn't really understood or appreciated to that level.    My question is, what is it that can be done from local communities, out of our positions here in Congress? What is it that you see would be not just awareness--we talk so much about awareness--but what are the action steps that we could take to bring some of the awareness?    I would address that to both of you gentlemen.    Mr. Talent. It is tough. The Chairman mentioned, you know, you don't want to panic people, but you want them to be aware of the threat.    A couple of small steps. I mean, we could do a better job within this body of making sure that Members are aware. Now, obviously, the Members of this subcommittee and the committee are more aware. I am not so sure that your colleagues who are not sitting here are aware. I said to the Chair before the hearing: We do a lousy job of orientation on National security issues in general for new Members coming into this body. As the Members know more--because you all network so much back home; you talk to your press--I think that would help a lot.    HHS, as of the time we did our report, they had some websites, they were doing some things. As we said, we felt a little bit better about communications. But my sense is it has probably declined, and I think the funding cuts are one of the reasons.    I mean, one of my real concerns--I agree with the deputy commissioner on this. When we issued our report, it was just when the funding cuts for public health were coming into play, and it is hard for me to believe that any link in this chain has gotten better given what has happened to the budget situation.    Mr. Walker. Okay.    Mr. Cairns.    Mr. Walker. Sure.    Mr. Walker. I had a meeting this morning where I found out for the first time a piece of legislation--I believe it is H.R. 1300 that is out there that would specifically allow first responders to some of the vaccines in our medical database. Do you agree with that? Do you approve of that? Or what would your position be?    Mr. Walker. Sure.    Mr. Walker. Senator, did you want to add anything to that as far as----    Mr. Talent. I think, in terms of communication, one of the things I always believed is that people will pay more attention if there is something they can do. So, I mean, to the extent that we can give advice to people about how maybe they could prepare, again, you want to be careful.    I think I would start with some of the bigger cities that are at a higher risk and give people an idea--and, generally, I think, when you are talking about management of these things, you are working through local authorities, as in New York. Okay? So the logical way to approach it would be to have a best practices out there; let other cities, maybe in order to get funding, present plans, one of which ought to include public awareness and also would include protecting local responders, taking advantage of resources outside of the traditional medical system--because if we get a big event, there is just no way that the surge capability of the hospital is going to be able to deal with it. I think they have estimated hospitals can surge to, like, 20 percent, something like that, and you could have many, many times that.    As far as FDA is concerned--and I just don't know because it has been, like, 3 or 4 years--have they used--now I don't want to ask the question. They were considering approving new drugs based on animal testing, which we thought was important, but, as of that time, they hadn't ever done it. I don't know if that is being pursued, but it is a question I would ask if I were you.    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I yield back.