    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good morning Chairman Wheeler, Commissioner Pai. Welcome back to the Committee. We are happy to see you, and as I said, we welcome you back.    Today's hearing marks the Chairman's third appearance before our Subcommittee in just over 4 months. In fact, the Congressional Research Service tells me that the Chairman's eight appearances before Congress this year marks a new record. So congratulations, Mr. Chairman. Put that one up on your wall. In the past 14 years no FCC Chair has testified more times before Congress in a single calendar year, and of course we are only in the seventh month of 2015. It is our subcommittee's responsibility to conduct robust oversight, and in so doing we should hear regularly from the Chairman and his fellow Commissioners.    Responsible oversight includes recognition that the FCC--and I think that we should be doing this. There are many things to raise that are legitimate, at least in the minds of those that raise them, but we should include a recognition that the FCC is undertaking an unprecedented series of steps to promote competition, enhance public safety, and ensure that consumers are protected against deceptive or misleading billing practices. Here are a few highlights of the Commission's work over the past year. Modernize the E-rate Program to increase the presence of Wi-Fi in classrooms, and bolster higher capacity Internet connections to the anchor institutions in our communities across the country, our schools and our libraries. Raised a record 44.9 billion, with a B, dollars from the AWS-3 auction. Repealed the outdated and anti-consumer sports blackout rules which, for 4 decades, 40 years, prevented fans from watching games on television when they were not sold out. I think there are a lot of people in the country that are really thrilled about that. Launched a new consumer help center to streamline the complaint process, and improve how consumers interact with the FCC. And at this point, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to place into the record a really terrific article from Forbes entitled, ``How the FCC Saved Me $1,800''. If you haven't read it, everyone should, so I ask----    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you. Freed up 150 megahertz of spectrum in the 3.5 gigahertz brand for mobile broadband. Established indoor location accuracy rules for wireless calls made to 911. That could be a lifesaving step right there. Adopted bright line rules that prevent broadband providers from engaging in blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization. Levied a $100 million against a major telecommunications provider for misleading consumers about their unlimited data plans. Pre-empted state laws in Tennessee and North Carolina that prevented local communities from deploying broadband, which they want to do across the country.    All of this and more in just one year, and there is much more ahead as the FCC prepares to undertake the world's first voluntary incentive auction, and a technology transition to an all IP world that preserves the core values of competition, public safety, and consumer protection. So I thank both the Chairman and the Commissioner for your continuing commitment to a modern telecommunications marketplace, and I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Vermont, Mr. Welch.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you. I want to start with Chairman Wheeler. I just want to ask my questions, and then you can respond to them. And I have----    Ms. Eshoo . One for Commissioner Pai. You said in your opening statement that the upcoming incentive auction has ``more moving parts than a Swiss watch'', and I agree. And one example is the reserve trigger, which I think is really very, very important. And it is critical that we get it right, because we want to ensure that competitive providers have real access to spectrum. So can you commit to addressing the concerns of the competitive carriers prior to the start of the auction? So that is my first question.    My second question is, some of the medical community have suggested that the FCC delay implementation or consideration of its technical rules for the use of channel 37 by unlicensed TV white space devices. Now, delay is, I think, highly concerning, because this is one of the three channels that tech companies say are, at a minimum, needed in this band to stimulate and sustain investment in enhanced Wi-Fi. So do you think that your proposal already adequately protects patients, and will prevent harmful interference to hospitals? I could ask a lot of questions, but I think that those two are really important.    And also this year, Mr. Chairman, there have been eight broadcast television blackouts involving almost 30 U.S. cities. Can you tell us when the FCC will complete its review of the good faith rules, and when we can expect new rules to be put in place to better protect consumers? So those are my questions to you, and a quick one to Commissioner Pai.    I read recently, and he is not here, but--something that Commissioner O'Reilly said, and it is a quote of his, but it does deal with the FCC's governing principles. And he stated that one of the FCC's governing principles should be that the Internet is not a necessity in the everyday lives of Americans. And I know that he brought up that it is not even close to being a human right. I don't think that is the jurisdiction of this committee, human rights, but it is disturbing to me that we would move away from that, relative to a principle, and I wanted to know if you agree or disagree, you want to add or subtract from it. So I will go to Chairman Wheeler first, and then to Commissioner Pai.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. So you are saying you disagree with----    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you very much.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you----    Ms. Eshoo . Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Eshoo. Mr. Doyle.    Ms. Eshoo. Right.    Ms. Eshoo. Would you yield just----    Ms. Eshoo . For----    Ms. Eshoo . Ten seconds? Thank you. I thank the gentleman, and we are going to work together on that. How does the Commission come up with the amount of what a fine is going to be? I mean, in one case it is $100 million. You just mentioned $2 million. These are considerable sums, so how do you--do you have a set of rules around that, or----    Ms. Eshoo. And your department----    Ms. Eshoo . Makes the call?    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Well, it is an important discussion, and I think that we need to talk about this some more, because what went into the statute was like holding a mirror up to the country at that time.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. But that is not the point.    Ms. Eshoo. I want to know about the money.    Ms. Eshoo. Have you, in response to what the appropriators have done--and I don't know, Mr. Chairman, were you there to support the appropriators in cutting the budget, or against it?    Ms. Eshoo. I see.    Ms. Eshoo. You didn't testify?    Ms. Eshoo. I see. Have you come up with--you know what I would like to ask you to do? Two things. What you will be able to do----    Ms. Eshoo . With a budget that is reduced by 25 million----    Ms. Eshoo . And the top line things that you have to do. We have got to move forward with the voluntary auction, and all the top line items. And also, if we have an omnibus bill, what that does. And I look forward to reviewing that. I think it should be sent to everyone on the----    Ms. Eshoo . Committee.    Ms. Eshoo. I would really like to see that, because----    Ms. Eshoo . We are walking into something that I think the members of this subcommittee, that have oversight responsibility, are going to have to understand, that we either have to curb our appetite for giving the FCC assignments that--if they don't have the dollars to carry them out, then they don't have the dollars to carry them out. Something has going to go.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you.