    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank the ranking member.    And I thank the witnesses for your help today.    Dr. Johnson, I am not sure if you are familiar with Thomas Hoenig's proposal over at the FDIC. I know we are talking about regional banks that might or might not hit the tripwire of $50 billion, but he actually came out with a broader analysis in talking about risk, as you are talking about exposure as well, as being probably the most critical factor here.    He rolled out a proposal, and we are actually sponsoring legislation consistent with that. He talked about the fact that if you have a smaller community bank that is well-capitalized, it meets the liquidity coverage ratio, it holds effectively zero trading assets or liabilities, has no derivative exposure other than interest rates and foreign exchange derivatives, and even then has less than $3 billion in notional derivative exposure and maintains a ratio of GAAP equity to assets of at least 10 percent, and then meets the eligibility requirements for 4 straight quarters, he wants to propose some regulatory relief for those banks.    And he talks about eliminating the stress-testing requirement under Section 165 of Dodd-Frank; relaxing certain aspects of Basel capital standards and risk-weighted asset calculations; eliminating entire schedules on call reports, including schedules related to trading assets and liabilities and derivatives and certain other capital requirement calculations; and, also, lengthening the examination schedule from 12 months to 18 months so they are not getting examined so often, because that can be expensive as well.    What about that whole analysis? I can't ignore the similarity between your own comments and what Chair Hoenig is proposing. Is that something we could look at not only for the smaller community banks but also to some of these regional banks that might be operating prudently?    Mr. Lynch. Are there other steps that we could take with regional banks that would be incremental?    I know the derivatives issue that was brought up here, credit default swaps, I guess riskier activity that could be red-flagged, that if regional banks were not involved in that particular activity, we could take them down a notch in terms of the regulatory scrutiny that would otherwise apply.    Is there anything that we could do in--I know that it is a case-by-case analysis, and I am not sure if the regulatory framework allows for that.    Mr. Lynch. Right. I don't doubt that at all.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.