    Ms. Plaskett. Yes. Good morning, and thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, I'm interested in the impact that these reports have and show. Well, rather what they show about the low morale among employees. And specifically, low morale to me is an outcome of leadership and an outcome of mechanisms that have been put in place for employees to feel that the workplace is a great place to work.    Mr. Ehrlich, I wanted to ask you about employees repeatedly expressing concern that the leaders aren't responsible stewards of their positions, and that they don't listen to employees' concerns. That's something that's been in the report.    How do you think employees can expect to best fulfill their work requirements when they don't feel that their leaders are not steering them in the right direction or don't understand the jobs that they themselves have?    Ms. Plaskett. So do you think that just changing--putting another individual in place does that, or what mechanisms and what programs have been done?    Ms. Plaskett. And what specifically have you done to do that?    Ms. Plaskett. But how is that different than--I'm sure you expressed that to them in prior years as well. I can't imagine that you wouldn't have done that. So how are you doing it incrementally different now than previously?    Ms. Plaskett. Okay.    Ms. Plaskett. But you have metrics in place which you believe are going to be driving the change of the culture?    Ms. Plaskett. Great. I--because I believe that if you can't measure it you can't change it.    Ms. Plaskett. Great.    Ms. Emerson, you of course are here with one of the largest agencies which, in my mind, started off in a difficult position because it was so many different components from so many different places being put together very quickly. I actually was in part of the leadership team at the Department of Justice when Homeland Security was put together, and I understand how this has been--this is a very young agency that is doing one of the most critical works that our country needs right now.    So one of the things, you know--and when we talk about the low morale that's present in Homeland Security, and my colleagues, of course, have talked to immigration and illegal immigration and the policies that may be with regard to immigration, and I don't think that it's the policies of the administration or the policies of this Congress which drive people to necessarily like or do not like their job. I think that things like sequestration and us not being able to pass a bill that would allow individuals to continue working at Homeland Security are the things that cause people to feel at risk about their job and have additional stress in being on one of the front lines.    We had the director--Secretary Saldana here at a previous--several weeks ago talking about the enforcement priorities. That there are 7,300 personnel of ICE that identify and apprehend convicted criminals, remove aliens, detain aliens, supervise alternatives. This is a large job that they're working on.    My district, the Virgin Islands, is considered now the third border in terms of illegal guns, drugs, as well as immigrants, undocumented immigrants, coming into this country.    And so I wanted to ask you that how you are combating the issues of personnel and having enough individuals to be able to do the job.    Ms. Plaskett. And do you believe that you've coalesced to a real agency from one that has come from disparate and different agencies coming together?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.