    Mr.  Ting. I share the comments of my copanelists. Thanks to the two subcommittee chairmen and all the members for inviting us here today.    I also share the concern over the statistical information that the members, particularly Mr. Meadows, have referred to. And I share the concern that Mr. Judd has just expressed about the situation at our border.    I want to talk about two issues, in particular, expedited removal and credible fear, that I think bear on the concern that many of us here share.    Prior to 1996, we had no expedited removal, and arriving aliens in the United States could basically stay for a long time by making an asylum claim. There was an enormous backlog, and they were put in line and released on their own recognizance.    There was also a 60 Minutes piece which showed that people were landing at Kennedy Airport every single day without documentation and being released into the general population. That I think pushed Congress in 1996 to enact expedited removal, which on its face provides a way to turn arriving aliens around who lack any documentation.    The problem is, as I discuss in my written comments, in one of the classic bipartisan compromises for which Congress is alternately praised and condemned, Congress enacted expedited removal in a way that provides that if the--first of all, they did two things.    First of all, they determined that the first interview would be a credible fear interview. In the end, even though they tried to take the immigration judges out, as I discuss in my written comments, the immigration judges get back into the process anyway. So while it looks good on its face, expedited removal in practice hasn't worked out very well, even though it has been expanded not just to arriving aliens but within 100 miles of the border.    So expedited removal is potentially a useful tool, but it's hobbled by this credible fear determination and by the ultimate right to delay removal by an appeal to an immigration judge. So there are two problems.    I talked in my written comments about credible fear, and where did credible fear come from anyway? I have some knowledge about that, because I know that in 1991 in the midst of the Haitian migrant crisis, when we had a lot of Haitians heading for the United States, we were trying to kind of in a chaotic situation manage that flow and provide asylum interviews for people. It was very difficult. In fact, we started operating the detention facilities at Guantanamo in an effort to cope with that migrant crisis.    And the Immigration and Naturalization Service invented credible fear kind of on-the-fly as a way of screening out people who obviously were not entitled to asylum. If people couldn't even present a story, which, if true, would entitle them to asylum, we determined that they could be turned around immediately and returned to Haiti without a full-blown asylum interview.    On the other hand, for those people who could articulate a coherent story that seemed credible, they would be allowed to advance to a full-blown asylum interview, recognizing there was a backlog for that and it would slow the process down. But for those people, they would get the full asylum interview.    As it turns out, that credible fear practice was very short-lived, because the numbers were so enormous that President Bush, George H.W. Bush, determined that we couldn't continue processing migrants from Haiti. And he determined that they would all be returned to Haiti without any processing at all.    Obviously, that was challenged by many advocates and went all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States, and the Supreme Court of the United States in 8-to-1 decision in a case called Sale v. United States, which I cite in my written remarks, the Supreme Court of the United States held that that was fine, that the United States had no obligation under its own laws or under international law to conduct asylum interviews on the high seas.    So credible fear was a temporary measure that probably wasn't even necessary in the end. It only lasted for a few months.    And I was startled to see credible fear appear in the statute of the United States as part of our expedited removal process. When expedited removal came in, credible fear shows up in the statute. Where does that come from?    So while it was invented as a device to screen out migrants, as has been commented on, it's being used now as a device to screen people in, so they don't have to actually approve their asylum claims. All they have to do is state a credible fear and they are basically in. They join the queue for an immigration judge, so they can make their asylum claim in removal proceedings. And we know that can sometimes take a long time.    And that the word is out, this is how you do it. You make a good credible fear claim and you're in. In this age of modern, instantaneous communications, that word spreads quickly.    So I am very concerned about that. And I have a number of proposals. I'm over time already, but I do want to say, I think we need to train more asylum officers. We ought to train all of our immigration offices, including Border Patrol agents, in asylum law, and we ought to have them do asylum interviews.    I think we ought to, as I propose in my written comments, remove credible fear from the statute. It doesn't belong there. We should go straight to an asylum interview. And we ought to have enough asylum officers, including trained Border Patrol agents and other Customs and Border Patrol officers, to do that.    I have other recommendations, and I refer you to my written comments. Thank you.    Mr.  Ting. I think it's reasonable to assume that the nefarious actors you're referring to are constantly looking for ways to gain entry to the United States.    As I said earlier, in the age of instantaneous communications, the flaws in our border security system are known instantaneously and are carried in the media. I think it's a legitimate concern. And I applaud the committee here for taking an interest in this subject.    Mr.  Ting. Yes. In the olden days, what used to happen, I believe, is that if people came to the border and wanted to make an asylum claim, we told them, fine, we'll schedule you for an appointment, come back to the border, but we're not going to admit you.    Indeed, there is still a code section, 235(b)(2)(C) in the Immigration and Nationality Act, which authorizes the return of arriving aliens to contiguous territory from which they arrived. So there is statutory authority for turning people around at the border, if we wanted to exercise it as we used to once upon a time.    Mr.  Ting. Yes, absolutely. I think it would help to have an administration that is really serious about defending the border and enforcing the laws enacted by Congress. But I also think there are things Congress can do to tighten up the laws: taking credible fear out; requiring asylum officer training for more immigration officers, so asylum officers are available in larger numbers so we can do processing on the border; and, as I mentioned, turning around people at the border and saying, if you want to make a claim, come back when we have time to interview you and we'll interview you. There's statutory authority for that already.    Mr.  Ting. No, it is absolutely not the same standard. The Geneva Convention established what has become the international standard for asylum.    Mr.  Ting. A well-founded fear of persecution on account of one of five specific reasons--race, religion, nationality, social group, or political opinion.    So first of all, what is persecution, right? And what is race, religion, nationality, social group, and political opinion? There is a whole body of law that's developed around that standard in the United States and internationally.    Mr.  Ting. Credible fear is something that was, as I suggest, made up on-the-fly for administrative convenience.    Mr.  Ting. All I can say is that everyone on the ground who was dealing with that issue at the time, credible fear was a clearly different and lower standard.    Mr.  Ting. Well, there are two distinct programs. You referred to refugees. We operate an overseas refugee program.    Mr.  Ting. I think the most generous overseas refugee program in the world, taking well-over 55,000 a year ----    Mr.  Ting. But that is a pick-and-choose program.    Mr.  Ting. We get to pick which refugees are of special interest to the United States and bring them to the United States.    The asylum program allows people who are already here to apply for asylum, and there is no numerical limit on asylum.    So if you can claim that you're a refugee and you're already here, under our law and international law, we cannot return you to your home country. You qualify for discretionary asylum status in the United States, which can put you on a path to a green card and eventually becoming a U.S. citizen along with everybody else. No numerical limit.    So it's very tempting, I think, given the fact that you may be a refugee in a displaced persons camp in Jordan or Turkey, and if the U.S. doesn't pick you, you are kind of stuck there. But if you can get yourself into the United States or at the border and make the claim, then you're going to get processed sooner or later.    I think that is a great temptation. As Mr. Lynch says, that is a pull factor, to the extent that people have a realistic expectation. And I think the administration, frankly, is trying to balance expectations and is deliberately, I think, trying to deter people by imposing some consequences on their coming to the United States and making claims.    Mr.  Ting. I think it is very much related to the volume of border crossers that have to be processed. I mean, we're all aware that there was a tremendous border surge in Fiscal Year 2014, and preliminary statistics show that the border surge in the current fiscal year, 2016, may exceed that number.    I think when you have a historic border surge, that obviously stresses whatever resources are available at the border, and it makes it more likely that security risks can take advantage of that situation and penetrate our border, simply riding the tide of the high volume of processing that has to occur.    Looking at Fiscal Year 2016, I think a lot of us think we're confronting that situation this year.    Mr.  Ting. Well, I was going to yield to Mr. Judd, but how serious are they about border security? I think there's a lack of concern for deterrence. I mean, I think deterrence is an important part of immigration policy. We will never have enough resources. We will never have enough Border Patrol agents on the line, if we don't deter people from attempting to violate our laws.    So I think deterrence is part of immigration policy, which has been abandoned by this administration and not been a high priority of previous administrations.    One of my colleagues said the poor people of the world may be poor but they're not stupid. They're as good at doing cost-benefit analysis to determine what's in their best interests as anyone in this room.    They can figure that out, and they are going to figure it out.    And if we don't deter people, they're going to figure out that, hey, you have a better life in the United States. Your kids go to school for free. There is better security. There are better job opportunities. You can compete with Americans for jobs in the United States.    So that fits into the cost-benefit analysis.    We can overwhelm whatever resources we are willing to put on the border by sending messages that we're willing, like Angela Merkel, willing to accept unlimited numbers of people to come and live with us in the United States.    We can do that, and it's not going to matter how much money we spend on the border and how many Border Patrol agents we put up.    Mr.  Ting. This is the first election campaign that I can recall that immigration has been a major issue, that, historically, I think both political parties have not wanted to raise immigration because it is such an emotional and divisive issue. And really for the first time, this year, suddenly immigration has popped up as an issue.    Now maybe it is the unusual situations we've seen at the border. Certainly, it's the national security concerns that we're all feeling. But I think the American people are focused on immigration and are asking why we are having such overwhelming problems at our borders, and wanting something to be done about it.    But I think deterrence is part of it. The administration has to send a message that we're serious about enforcing our laws, and that we're going to do the best we can to enforce them efficiently. And people who are not entitled to be here ought to expect to be turned around at the border promptly, getting a prompt asylum interview on the spot, not a credible fear interview, but an asylum interview. And if they are denied asylum, they should be turned around immediately.