    Mr. Ruiz. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and ranking member for holding this meeting, this hearing. This is very important to the veterans throughout our districts and throughout our country.    I am proud to represent the eastern portion of the Riverside County which has the ninth largest veteran population in the country. More than 50,000 veterans reside in my District alone. I am honored to once again represent them on this subcommittee where we will work together and shine a light on problems in the VA and provide veterans the benefits they have earned.    Today we are focused on ensuring that veterans have the chance to appeal decisions on their benefit claims, which for many will mean the difference between access to benefits and even life and death.    As today's panelists have testified, the number of appeals pending already approaches 3,000,000 and is only expected to grow in coming years. As Representative Titus mentioned, because we improved the claims backlog with the sheer number 10 percent naturally will be appealed. The appeals claims will go up as well. So we can count on and need to be prepared to remedy that as soon as possible.    We have made a commitment to caring for our veterans, and we owe them an answer on appeals for that care in a timely and accurate fashion. Especially when more than a quarter of veteran appeals are successful, when a decision is finally issued. So that's one out of four get those decisions reversed, and get the benefit, and the claims, and the help that they need.    That is why I am reintroducing the Veterans Access to Speedy Review Act. My bill addresses the unaccessible appeals bills backlog by increasing the use of video teleconferencing, as you mentioned, during an appeals hearing as a substitute for requiring the veterans to attend in person. This is evidence-based policy and I will give some evidence behind how that works.    My legislation will guarantee veterans the option of video teleconferencing, guarantee them the option of video teleconferencing for hearings before the Board of Veteran Appeals to allow a hearing at the earliest possible date. In 2013, on average, video conference hearings were held 110 days sooner than in-person hearings. It works.    Should any veteran prefer an in-person hearing, my bill ensures that person will have the final say on the manner of hearing for their appeal. This simple improvement will increase flexibility to relieve the physical and financial burdens on veterans who must travel to appear at appeal hearings in person. It will also streamline the review process to decrease wait times and save taxpayers money. The VA testified that this bill will make processing claims more efficient and eliminate substantial travel costs to our veterans and the VA system.    This bill is a commonsense, cost neutral solution which is why it passed the full Veterans Affairs Committee by a bipartisan voice vote last Congress. So I urge my fellow subcommittee members to support this bill and start bringing veterans their earned benefits as soon as possible.    So to the panelists, and to my colleagues, with that in mind would you support the increased use of veterans requested teleconferencing by the Board of Veterans' Appeals? First, to my colleagues, if you do so, would you kindly consider being original cosponsors before I reintroduce this bill? To my Republican colleagues as well. And now to the panelists, can you describe how this has actually produced the results and how veterans have utilized this veteran processing tool and option?    Mr. Ruiz. How have the veterans responded to that opportunity?    Mr. Ruiz. Thank you very much, my time is up. All of my colleagues will receive a copy of the bill that I will introduce, and hopefully you all will consider being original cosponsors. Thank you.