    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really want to get into the hearing, but will just briefly say that when I was growing up, access to the red snapper fishery was significantly different than it is today. I think both of you indicated in your opening statements that you recognize that there are problems with the current management regime.    Again, growing up, you virtually had access, from a recreational perspective, to the red snapper fishery year-round; whereas, as I think most of you know, last year it was relegated to 9 days; this year, relegated to 10 days of access.    There are fundamental problems with the current management regime, access, and the prevention of folks to access the fishery, but, importantly, to ensure that the access on both the commercial and also on the charter side is based upon proper management.    Louisiana is known as a sportsman's paradise. There is no one here who, I think, has a desire to have the Gulf of Mexico red snapper, or anything else, be overfished. There have been suggestions that the bill is designed to work in the favor of the recreational industry to the detriment of the commercial side, or charter, or otherwise. It is simply not true.    As a matter of fact, Mr. Huffman--and I want to thank you for your opening comments--I want it to be known that I repeatedly reached out to folks on the other side of this and asked for their input in the bill, as we were drafting it, and received nothing.    I also think it is important to make note, and want to be fair, that Stan Harris of the Louisiana Restaurant Association has been in touch with me, as well as some folks in the recreational industry, within the last few months. There have been, from what I appreciate, to be some constructive dialog; but I think it is important to note that we did reach out and tried to find some type of middle ground.    There have been suggestions, again, that the bill is going to work to the detriment of the commercial side. I am not sure where that is coming from. As a matter of fact, there were safeguards only put in on the commercial side. If they are not the right safeguards, then perhaps the industry engaging could have provided us and informed us of some ideas that would have been more helpful, as opposed to me sitting in a vacuum, trying to come up with good ideas, trying to protect the industry.    There have been suggestions that the management regime contemplated in the bill would only work to reduce the commercial side. I also want to be clear there. There is absolutely nothing in the bill that suggests that. Just as the access for any side could potentially be managed down, based upon the informational science, it could also go up.    The problem that we see right now is that the science is far less than accurate. As the Chairman noted, the LA Creel study that Secretary Barham and his folks have been working on, has much better science, as was acknowledged in previous hearings in this committee, than any other science that the Feds are putting together.    There was a study that was recently released that indicated that 82 percent of private boat owners in the Gulf of Mexico support the idea of state-based management, and 72 percent of the federally-licensed charter boat captains also support that. I want to be clear on that, because there has been a lot of distorted information which I cannot wait to set the record straight here today. Seventy-two percent of the federally-licensed charter boat captains, according to this survey, also support state-based management.    Last, I will say this. The five Gulf of Mexico states agree upon very little. We could not even sit Secretary Wiley and Secretary Barham next to each other.    Mr. Graves. But the five Gulf states came together, recognizing there was a problem here. They came together and proposed a solution. It has been out there since March. I have not seen--again, this has been out there since March. Our bill was first being discussed prior to that. I have not seen any alternative put forth that would recommend a better approach, while everyone here recognizes that there are fundamental problems with the management structure.    So, I look forward to setting the record straight, Mr. Chairman, on a number of these issues as we go forward, and very much look forward to engaging some of the witnesses.    I need to introduce--I don't know if I should--can I introduce Secretary Barham now, or should I wait?    Mr. Graves. OK. I just want to make note that Secretary Barham and I had the chance to work together for a number of years. He is a fantastic man, although you will note from his accent that he is actually a Yankee from north Louisiana.    Mr. Graves. Mr. Chairman, I would urge that you consider, once you hear this man speak----    Mr. Graves. So there are a couple of you all here. Once you hear him speak, though, I think that perhaps you should reconsider the 5-minute rule, and instead allow people to speak based upon the number of words they can get out, because Secretary Barham takes about three times as long to say things as other people. So, I think you might want to consider raising his time to 15 minutes, as opposed to the 5.    But a fantastic man, and looking very forward to all of your testimony. Thank you.    Mr. Graves. Thank you very much. Mr. Risenhoover, thank you very much for being here. I am struggling with this thing a little bit. Right now you have the East Coast, the Atlantic states, that manage the striped bass fishery. Correct?    Mr. Graves. You have the West Coast states, the Pacific, that manage the Dungeness crab. You have the state of Alaska that manages the salmon fishery.    Why would there be discrimination against the Gulf states in regard to you not supporting efforts for the states to manage the snapper fisheries since these other states do? Is there some profound problem with these other states? Is there some profound problem with the Gulf states that you have mistrust?    Mr. Graves. But they started at some point.    Mr. Graves. I wanted to double-check that.    Mr. Graves. If I can reclaim my time, I would like to read a part of the transcript from a hearing we had in this committee. I believe it was with Ms. Sullivan in here from     I said, ``I just want to make note that the five state agencies sent a letter effectively not agreeing with what the Council did, not agreeing with the direction that this has had, and asking for regional management. I strongly support that.'' And I said, ``I suspect if the other Gulf members do, as well, that there would be strong efforts on our parts to urge you, NOAA, to defer to them and allow the states to manage the fishery.''    In response, Ms. Sullivan said, ``We have been monitoring that effort for them to come together and propose that closely, and we would be supportive of that.''    Now, my takeaway--because I was very appreciative of her, and gave her all sorts of accolades after--my takeaway was that Ms. Sullivan was actually saying she supported those efforts of the five Gulf states to come together, supported their letter that had been issued prior to that meeting, laying out their management strategy for the Gulf.    Again, this is not a precedent, is it? Would this be a precedent to have the five Gulf states manage the snapper fishery?    Mr. Graves. But would it be a precedent to have the states manage fisheries in Federal waters?    Mr. Graves. OK, thank you.    Mr. Graves. So let me just go back. In regard to Ms. Sullivan's comments, are you going back on those comments? Are you not agreeing with what she said?    Mr. Graves. OK.    Mr. Graves. Thank you. And, Mr. Chairman, I guess--can I roll in--oh, no. I guess you are going over there. OK, I will stop. Thank you.    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Bordallo, I want to thank you very much for co-sponsoring the bill. I certainly appreciate your insightful questions, and am looking forward to continuing to work through some of those issues with you.    Mr. Risenhoover, I would like to follow up on a question that was posed to you in regard to the health of the stock in the Gulf fishery.    You made a comment about the biomass of the snapper fishery in the Gulf of Mexico as a whole. Could you further drill that down and explain the biomass differences in terms of the health of the stock in the eastern Gulf versus the western Gulf?    Mr. Graves. That would be very helpful to the committee. I actually know the answer, which is usually the safest way to ask questions. The western Gulf stock is actually rebuilt at this point, and the eastern Gulf stock is not. That is what the more accurate state science is showing at this point. I think that is an important distinction, showing once again how tailored management strategies among the five Gulf states may actually be a better approach than trying to do a one-size-fits-all for the Gulf of Mexico.    Let me ask you something. The Coastal Zone Management is under your agency's jurisdiction, correct, the Coastal Zone Management Act?    Mr. Graves. Thank you. Are you aware that there is more habitat loss in coastal Louisiana in regard to the wetlands than anywhere else? I believe it is 90 percent of the coastal wetlands lost in the continental United States. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Graves. The area that is--by U.S. fish standards, I believe, they indicated it is one of the most productive habitats in the North American continent.    Whenever the state of Louisiana has gone to you with Secretary Barham's support and other folks from the state of Louisiana and asked that, through the Coastal Zone Management Act, NOAA actually prevent the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from continuing to allow the degradation of our coast through Federal actions that they are doing, do you know what NOAA said back to us?    Mr. Graves. ``We are not engaging.'' Do you know that when I was the lead trustee for the state of Louisiana, and I asked NOAA to help us force BP to clean up the oil because of the adverse impact on our habitat, on fish, and everything else down there, do you know what I was told?    Mr. Graves. I was told no. I was told no. So I have to be honest. I am having a little bit of trouble believing that NOAA is out there to be good stewards of the natural resources, to be our friend, and to make sure that this habitat is being managed properly. That is a very big concern of mine.    Could you provide the committee with landings records in the five Gulf states of where the red snapper on the commercial side--where they are actually landed, and where they are actually caught? Would you mind? I know you do not have it with you, but would you mind providing that to the committee?    Mr. Graves. Great, great, thank you.    Secretary Barham and Secretary Wiley, could you both answer a question for me? Can you just very quickly explain how you would manage the fisheries? And I see all these shirts behind you, and I am really glad that all of you are here.    I want to reiterate something I said earlier. I said earlier that I repeatedly tried to engage industry, commercial industry, restaurants, and others, and got nothing back. So, those people that bought you plane tickets and told you to come here, maybe you could go ask them why nothing came back to us.    I also want--one other comment, real quick--those of you sitting in the audience who are concerned about this--I am going to guess that most of you recognize Secretary Barham and Secretary Wiley. And, Mr. Risenhoover, I appreciate you being here, but I am going to guess that none of you recognize the gentleman in the middle, which means whenever things come up and you need to engage the person that is actually managing your fisheries, I think it would be much easier to get in touch with one of these guys that you actually recognize, you know where he lives, you know how to get there, you know how to get in touch with him, rather than--and, again, no offense to you, you have 50 states to deal with--but rather than this gentleman here.    Secretary Barham and Secretary Wiley, could you give a brief explanation of how you would actually manage the fisheries in the Gulf?    Mr. Graves. Thank you. If I could just get the last few seconds here for Secretary Wiley.    Secretary Wiley, could you please quickly also include in your answer--the Federal Government currently manages the South Atlantic Red Snapper Fishery. Could you please explain the condition of the current red snapper fishery management for the commercial sector?    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Captain Jarvis, I know you need to take off. I am going to ask you a few questions, as well. I am having trouble connecting dots here. So, you are saying that the state non-compliance shows irresponsible management on the part of the states, and that you are concerned that same irresponsible management may carry over if they are given jurisdiction over the Federal waters, as well. Is that an accurate synopsis of what you are trying to say?    Mr. Graves. OK. So let's take that statement, that these state waters cannot take a season of that duration.    Now, I am going to realign from one of the letters that the groups that you are affiliated with have been sending out. In fact, in 2015, red snapper quotas in the Gulf of Mexico saw their largest 1-year increase on record. Now, how is it that the states--my words--being irresponsible on the management of their fisheries, yet we are actually seeing a record increase in snapper quotas in Federal waters? Those two things do not seem to line up correctly. Or, I guess, they just do not seem to make a whole lot of sense to me.    Let me ask something else. I was looking at your restaurants, and you have some phenomenal menus, by the way. I am anxious to go eat. OK. So, Brotula's, did I get that right?    Mr. Graves. I found one thing that is really interesting on this menu. You have a number of fish on here. I am guessing some of this is drum or sheepshead, but I do not see any red snapper on the menu. But I will tell you what I see on the menu is actually Dungeness crab.    Mr. Graves. A species that is managed by states on the West Coast.    Now, why is it that the West Coast can manage their Dungeness crabs? Why is it that the East Coast states can manage the striped bass? Why is it that Alaska can manage their salmon, but it is only the Gulf of Mexico states that are unable to do this responsibly?    Mr. Graves. I am running out of time. I have some other questions, but I am just trying to understand. So you have sustainable supplies of Dungeness crab, to where you can put it on the menu, but you do not have red snapper on the menu.    Mr. Graves. I will go back and look again, but I looked through it twice and----    Mr. Graves. I will take a look again and see if I can find it. But I did not see it on here when I looked through a couple of times.    Now, let me go back. Let's see, one other thing. You mentioned your charter boat business. I referenced earlier that I think it was 72 percent of the federally-licensed charter boat captains in the Gulf--I believe that was the stat--actually support state management. Why are you in a different spot?    Mr. Graves. The Louisiana charter boat folks have actually been active, and have come and met with me a number of times, and they are advocating for this. So, I do not think they are on the sidelines, or not paying attention to this. They are actually very much engaged, and very concerned about this. I think it is important to note that.    Mr. DeLaCruz, you made some mention of how the Gulf states voted to take away snapper from commercial folks. I did not understand that comment, and I am wondering if you can clarify that.    Mr. Graves. We are out of time, but I am more than happy to talk about the ratios and makeup of the Gulf Council. I think it would be a very informative decision and I think you know the answer to that, actually. But----    Mr. Graves. Great. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    It has been interesting, listening to folks talk about the importance of the fishery, the habitat and species, and sustainable management, overfishing, and all those things. Can you tell me--I would like to just, very briefly, have each one of you tell me something that you have done to improve the habitat, to improve the fishery, investments you have made, projects you have been involved in--could you all go through and explain those?    Mr. Graves. All right. Others? Let's go. Yes, sir--oh, I am sorry, Ms.----    Mr. Graves. To the fisherman. OK.    Mr. Graves. Other folks? Very quickly, because I have a couple other questions.    Mr. Graves. I understand. Thank you.    Ms. Bittermann, I met with the Louisiana Restaurant Association folks, and I find this whole just paradox that we are in interesting, because when I met with them, we had a great meeting. The restaurant guys talked about how the Federal Government--Department of Labor, specifically--is imposing all sorts of labor standards that are incredibly problematic and expensive. We talked about tax and depreciation issues--I think it was 219, or whatever it was--talked about Obamacare, the 30-hour work week, and the problems associated with that. Some of the wage mandates were the things that were discussed.    I do not remember--and, look, we sat down, had a lengthy discussion. I talk to Stan and a lot of your board members often. I do not remember a single thing coming up in regard to problems the state had. It was all major problems with the Federal Government. The Federal Government was making decisions that they had no business making, because they did not understand the conditions on the ground, they did not understand what it was like to own a business.    Yet, in this case, I find you in an entirely different perspective, in that you are standing here saying that you want the Federal Government to be involved. You want them to be involved in managing this fishery and this species. Can you reconcile that, versus the state?    Mr. Graves. Which, I think it is important to note that, based on the information I have seen, the data I have seen, the overfishing and the lopsidedness came from the commercial side, not the recreational side in regard to the fishing.    Mr. Graves. Let me ask you a question. Under our bill, can the quotas or can the percentages--can the poundage for the commercial be increased, or can it only be decreased?    Mr. Graves. Yes, I am.    Mr. Graves. Mr. DeLaCruz, can you answer that question?    Mr. Graves. Mr. DeLaCruz, we had hearings in this committee last year and the year before, where folks sat here and acknowledged that the surveys that were being used to inform the fisheries management did not even include survey assessments around reef structures.    Mr. Cresson, would you care to comment on that? Also comment on the other earlier comment by Mr. DeLaCruz on the Council vote. All the accuracy to stock assessments.    Mr. Graves. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you. In closing I just want to say this. What this bill does is it does exactly what is being allowed on the East Coast, it is being allowed in Alaska, it is being allowed on the West Coast. Louisiana is just as trustworthy--and I would actually say better resource managers, in some cases, than these other states are. To discriminate against the state of Louisiana is ridiculous.    I want to say this. All of you sitting in the room, you have great ideas on how to do this, I told you. The protections we have in there for commercial, I made them up because I could not get any feedback from you. You have better ideas on how to do it? Door is wide open, the phone works. Give me a call, shoot me an email.    We have the top commercial fisheries in the United States. We are one of the top tourist destinations. Your boss, Ralph Brennan, is a good friend of mine. I appointed him to a board when I was working for the state. I have no desire to shut down tourism or restaurants, or anything else.    But, I will also say the current management regime for the recreational fishery is absolutely unacceptable. We can find a better balance, and we can tailor the management strategy among the five states in a way that benefits both sides.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Graves. Can I ask unanimous consent that five letters from each of the five Gulf states endorsing the legislation be included in the record of the hearing?    