    Mr. Smith. The hearing will come to order.    Let me begin by thanking Ambassador Jacobs and all of our distinguished witnesses and guests for being here today, especially the left-behind parents that I see in the audience who are joining us this afternoon to continue to increase attention on international parental child abduction, whose victims include primarily children denied the love and attention of one of their parents, and parents cut off from their children that they love.    Every year, by some estimates, approximately 1,000 American children are unlawfully removed from their homes by one of their parents and taken across international borders. Less than half of these children ever come home. Most of the left-behind parents in the audience today have not seen their children in years and know all too well the financial, legal, cultural, and linguistic obstacles to bringing their children home from a foreign country.    Many of you have already been through a U.S. judicial proceeding prior to the abduction, and the courts have settled custody and visitation only to have a kidnapping spouse defy a court order. Others of you were caught completely by surprise when a spouse's vacation turned into an abduction, a phone call in the middle of the night telling you that you will never see your child again.    Your suffering is exponentially compounded by knowledge of the pain caused to your child by the separation. Child abduction is child abuse. Parentally abducted children are at risk of serious emotional and psychological problems and may experience anxiety, eating problems, nightmares, mood swings, sleep disturbances, aggressive behavior, resentment, guilt, and fearfulness. These young victims, like their left-behind parents, are American citizens who need the help of their Government when normal legal processes are unavailable or have failed.    In 1983, the United States ratified the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction to try to address abduction and access. This Convention created a civil framework for a quick return of abducted children and for rights of access for left-behind parents. Absent extenuating circumstances, the child or children are to be returned within 6 weeks to his or her country of habitual residence for the courts there to decide on custody or to enforce any previous custody determinations.    The Convention has helped return some children, but implementation has been unpredictable and spotty at best. Susceptible to abuse by taking parents or judges who either don't understand their obligations under the Convention or are unwilling to abide by them, the Convention has too often been stretched to provide cover for the abduction rather than the recovery of the child.    Some Hague Convention parties are simply not enforcing legitimate return orders. The State Department's 2014 Hague Convention compliance report highlights four countries--Brazil, Mexico, Romania, and Ukraine--that habitually fail to enforce return orders. Other countries--Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, and The Bahamas--are non-compliant with the Convention.    In other words, abducted American children are not coming home from these countries, and so many other countries where the Convention operates weakly or with which the United States has no bilateral agreement of any kind.    To give one more example, Jeffery Morehouse, a left-behind parent who will testify today, will say that there have been 400 cases of U.S. children kidnapped to Japan to 1994. We do not know of a single case in which the Government of Japan has issued and enforced an order for the return of an abducted child to the United States. That is unconscionable. And I must emphasize that since they have signed the Hague Convention, Japan's efforts have been breathtakingly unresponsive, especially for abductions that occurred prior to their ratification of the Hague Convention.    Mr. Morehouse will testify that 1 year ago, next week, at the very moment Japan acceded to the Hague Abduction Convention, parents joined us to hand deliver 30 Article 21 access applications. I would note parenthetically I joined those parents at the Japanese Embassy. They were unbelievably respectful and disciplined and very, very cordial, and yet very, very determined. None of the back-home parents, however, have received access to their kidnapped children. That is almost a year ago next week.    Japan's implementation of the Hague Abduction Convention--Mr. Morehouse will go on to say--is an abysmal failure. Sanctions under the Goldman Act will provide some of the necessary public pressures on Japan to create change to this ongoing human and family rights crisis.    Again, the status quo is simply not acceptable. Over the last 5 years, many of you who are here today helped me and my staff write and pass through the Congress the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act, simply known as the Goldman Act. Today's hearing occurs more than 7 months after the Goldman Act became law and gives us an opportunity to hear from the State Department and parents about whether the bill's key provisions are being implemented according to the law.    A brief refresher on Sean and David, David Goldman spent over five agonizing years trying to legally rescue his son Sean from abduction to Brazil, which is a signatory nation, like the U.S., to the Hague Abduction Convention. Despite Mr. Goldman's airtight case that demonstrated an egregious example of both child abduction and wrongful retention, the Hague Treaty was unavailing and the outcomes in the Brazilian courts proved mostly infuriating and firm and ineffective.    David Goldman waged his case by the book and won judgments in New Jersey courts, yet both Sean and David were made to suffer emotional pain for over half a decade as one delaying ploy after another was employed by the abducting party. In the end, because of a father's abiding love for his son, and an indomitable will, like so many of you here today who have suffered so much, the Goldmans today are united and happy, unlike you who still are separated.    To underscore, the Goldman Act was not intended to simply reform the system, but to bring about a fundamental sea-change in U.S. diplomacy, so that the State Department officials would see themselves as advocates for the return of abducted American children.    Now, under the Goldman Act, when a country fails to appropriately address an abduction case pending for more than 12 months, the law requires the Secretary of State to take action. When a country has more than 30 percent of its U.S. cases pending for more than a year, the law requires the Secretary of State to designate the country as non-compliant in the annual report and take action.    The Goldman Act specifically lists the increasingly escalating actions that Congress has in mind, from a demarche or protest through diplomatic channels to a public condemnation to a delay or cancellation of one or more bilateral visits, and even withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of foreign assistance, including non-humanitarian aid and including security assistance to the central governmental authority of a country.    These are serious sanctions. They must be seriously applied by a country that takes parental child abduction seriously. We may also request extradition, where appropriate.    If these measures sound pointed, it is because they are intended to focus the designation country on quick and accurate resolution to abduction and access cases, and we hope to find out today from Ambassador Jacobs how these tools are being used and with what frequency.    The Goldman Act was written to cover countries that have signed the Hague Convention, such as Brazil, and countries that have not signed the Convention, such as India, and countries that have a mix of open abduction cases from before and after signing the Hague Convention, such as Japan.    In 2013, India was the number 3 destination in the world for parents who abducted from the United States. Currently, there are 64 known open abduction and denial of access cases involving India, and yet the United States does not have any sort of resolution mechanism to my knowledge in India or with India. Moms and Dads are left in the United States. They are forced to enter a foreign court system known for its incessant appeals and multi-year delays and even mega-intimidation.    But now the Goldman Act applies. India will now face real penalties for any case that has been pending for more than 1 year and will be named and shamed in the State Department's report. As with the State Department's annual Trafficking In Persons Report, there is morally suasive value in simply reporting what a country does and some countries will, I am sure, respond to such moral pressure.    Thus, we expect the State Department will apply these penalties zealously and work with India on establishing a bilateral agreement for the efficient and fair resolution of abduction and access cases. If the State Department faithfully applies the laws written, it will be in India's best interest to come to the negotiating table.    The same holds true for Japan. Even though Japan recently signed the Hague Convention, in the upcoming April report Congress expects that Japan will be evaluated not just on its handling of new abduction cases after it joined the Hague last year, but on its work to resolve all open abduction cases, including the 67 cases that I and others have been raising with State for the last 5 years.    Among such cases is that of Michael Elias, who has not seen his children, Jade and Michael, since 2008. Michael served as a Marine and saw combat in Iraq. His wife, who worked in the Japanese Consulate, used documents fraudulently obtained with the apparent complicity of the Japanese Consultant personnel to kidnap their children then aged four and two in defiance of a court order telling Michael on the phone call that there was nothing that he could do. She said, ``My country''--that is, Japan--``will protect me.'' Her country will protect her, but what is our country doing to protect Michael and his children?    While the State Department has touted Japan's accession to the Hague Convention as an accomplishment, Japan has said the Convention would only apply in post-ratification cases. As Ambassador Jacobs knows, I and several others predicted that unless an MOU or other bilateral agreement was concluded with Japan, American children and their left-behind parents will be left behind in perpetuity.    I ask my friends at the State Department once again, what then is to happen for the parents already suffering from abductions prior to ratification? Would they be left behind again, this time by their own Government?    I know Ambassador Jacobs, who is here to testify, as recently as February 2014 in her testimony before the Senate stated that she would continue to make progress with the Japanese Government on resolving existing cases in the spirit of the Convention. We will have a chance to ask the Ambassador what progress has been made on resolving cases like those of Michael Elias, Captain Paul Toland, and so many others who are suffering every single day. And I am sure when they wake up in the morning it is the first thing they think of.    The Goldman Act requires accountability for the Japanese Government on the abduction cases open at the time when Japan signed the Convention. Unless Japan resolves scores of American cases before the end of next month, nearly 100 percent of abduction cases in Japan will still be unresolved, and the Goldman Act penalties will apply.    The Goldman Act has given the State Department new and very powerful tools to bring Japan and other countries not to the negotiating table, but the resolution table. The goal is not to disrupt relations but to heal the painful rifts caused by international child abduction. I look forward to hearing testimony on the Department's use of the tools.    And I would now like to yield to Dr. Bera, serving as acting ranking member, for his opening comments.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Dr. Bera.    Mr. Smith. I would like to now yield to Mark Meadows.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Meadows.    I would like to yield to Ms. Walorski, who has been working tenaciously on a case of one of her constituents out of Cyprus. Ms. Walorski.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much.    I would like to now introduce our distinguished Ambassador, Susan Jacobs, currently serving as Special Advisor in the Office of Children's Issues at the State Department.    Ambassador Jacobs has a long and distinguished career in the Foreign Service, in which she served around the world, including in Papua New Guinea, where she served as U.S. Ambassador. She has also held a number of senior positions with the State Department in Washington, including serving as liaison to both Congress and the Department of Homeland Security.    Ambassador Jacobs, please proceed.    Ambassador Jacobs. Thank you very much. I am going to put on my glasses, so I can see.    Chairman Smith, Acting Ranking Member Bera, and distinguished members of the subcommittee and their guests, thank you for the opportunity to address you again regarding international parental child abduction, or IPCA, and the implementation of the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act, or ICAPRA.    I ask that my full written statement be entered into the record.    Mr. Smith. Without objection, so ordered.    Ambassador Jacobs. First, I want to say to the families that we really feel for you, that your pain is our pain, and we really are working very hard to resolve these cases with all the resources that we have available. I want you to believe that because it is the truth.    In that regard, ICAPRA represents a joint effort by the Congress and the executive branches both to resolve these difficult and painful abduction cases and to prevent their occurrence.    I would like to speak about the steps that the Department of State has taken to implement ICAPRA in the past 7 months. A team of over 80 dedicated employees chartered initiatives that built on the best practices that we and the parents have developed as we work to resolve these cases. The Office of Children's Issues, which acts as the U.S. Central Authority under the Hague Abduction Convention, helped resolve 781 international abduction and access cases last year.    We continually look for ways to improve the service we provide to abducted children and left-behind parents. ICAPRA provided an opportunity to improve our procedures and increase our effectiveness. Many of our initiatives are driven by the annual reports, new data requirements, for collecting information on all countries. Ours is a work in progress, but we have realized improvements in case management and data analysis, and after the report is published we welcome your feedback.    We also focus on education and prevention. We regularly train offices about abduction issues, and the Department instructs its diplomatic missions to engage with host governments about the Convention and to promote it through public diplomacy.    We continue to work with the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation on Operation Prevent Departure. I chaired the first interagency working group meeting last October, and we are having another meeting in April. And we have invited the Department of Defense to join our next meeting, so that we can include them in the planning that we do on this important issue. We have also met with the U.S. Navy Judge Advocate Generals corps and the Director of DOD's Office of Legal Policy to provide an overview of the law and its impact on the military community.    Judicial outreach is an essential part of our strategy to prevent and resolve abduction cases. We educate the broader community of judges in the United States by providing information directly to judges hearing a Convention case, and we have updated and enhanced information on our Web site. There are four U.S. judges who serve on the International Hague Network of Judges, and they assist domestic and foreign judges to resolve many Convention cases.    In the past year, U.S. officials, including me, have traveled to over 25 countries for bilateral discussions on resolving IPCA cases and promoting the Hague Abduction Convention. Our diplomatic efforts increase the likelihood that our future and current treaty partners will meet their responsibilities under the Convention.    We have begun to identify countries as candidates for bilateral arrangements and to evaluate whether non-Convention countries have demonstrated patterns of non-compliance as defined by the law. Department officials regularly engage with foreign governments of non-Convention countries to encourage those countries to become parties to the Convention and to address pending abduction and access cases.    One example is our decade-long effort to secure Japan's ratification of the Convention, and we are working to improve our relationships with the Japanese Central Authority and the Japanese Foreign Ministry, so that we can resolve all outstanding cases. We continually advocate for left-behind parents and support Japan's own development of resources for resolving cases.    The Convention also provides an excellent platform for multilateral diplomacy. In 2014, we hosted a regional symposium on the Convention in Jordan and participated in regional meetings sponsored by the Hague Permanent Bureau in Beijing and in Kuala Lumpur. The Kuala Lumpur conference specifically addressed the compatibility of the Hague Abduction Convention with Sharia law codes and included presentations from several predominantly Muslim countries.    We have made maximum use of a few short months to begin implementing ICAPRA's requirements. We are building on a strong foundation of good practices. Your support remains essential to our success in maintaining IPCA resolution and prevention as resources in our bilateral relationships and advocating for membership in the Hague Convention. We are committed to achieving our shared goals to increase the number of children returned to their habitual residence and to create safeguards that will minimize the occurrence of international parental child abduction.    Thank you very much for the opportunity to be with you today, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Madam Ambassador. If I could begin, again, in your testimony just a moment ago, you talked about how the USCA has assisted in the resolution of 781 abduction and access cases. Can you tell us how many of those cases deemed resolved were actually returns?    Ambassador Jacobs. I do not have that number, but I can get it for you. I mean, because resolved cases to us are returns, either voluntary or court ordered or the case has been closed either by the parents or because the child has aged out and has become a different kind of case for us. It is not that we are forgetting about them.    Mr. Smith. Oh, no. I ask that because even like an aging out issue at 16 for Hague countries, for example, what they tried and have done to so many of the abducted parents globally, including those whose children were taken to Japan, David Goldman's case was--they were running the clock on that one to try to get Sean to 16. It would be, and I would hope the press would take note of this, it is wrong to talk about that as resolution without delineating how many of those children came home. Could you--maybe someone could----    Ambassador Jacobs. I am going to----    Mr. Smith . Get that to us before the hearing is over?    Ambassador Jacobs. I can get you that number probably tomorrow or Friday.    Mr. Smith. Any chance of getting it now, you know, somebody back at headquarters?    Ambassador Jacobs. I don't think we have it. I am sorry. I didn't know that you were going to go into the numbers.    Mr. Smith. Well, that is all-important, because the headline of 781 resolved cases does sound very efficacious and very encouraging. But, again, when you talk about aging out or a parent who, after a year, hasn't been in touch with the Department, and he or she, the mom or dad, find out that--you know, that they have been dropped, we have been very concerned, and we hear from the parents that there is some concern about dropped cases. I want to know how many came back.    Ambassador Jacobs. And I am going to get you that number.    Mr. Smith. And none from Japan, as far as you know, right?    Ambassador Jacobs. As far as I know, there have been none from Japan, but there was a court-ordered return just last month.    Mr. Smith. You know, on the visitation issues, you point out, and properly so, as I mentioned in my opening comments about how with Japan, even on the access cases, 31 Convention access applications, none of those have been honored either, and that is--I mean, that is outrageous.    And I sat in that meeting, and the left-behind parents meeting with Japanese officials a year ago next week were like the ultimate diplomats. I was boiling listening. You know, they were respectful on the other side of that table, but it was like, please, you know, I have been in this business for too long, 35 years as a Member of Congress. Let us talk resolution. And there was talk of endless delay. And now, a year later, none of those access cases even have occurred.    Ambassador Jacobs. I know that it is frustrating, and we share your frustration. And these are issues that we continue to raise with the Japanese. We talked to them in September. There was an International Visitor Leadership Program in February, and then another visit from the Foreign Ministry, and we have raised these concerns at every one of those meetings, and we plan to go back in June. And I talked to Ambassador Kennedy yesterday, and she is energized and she is ready to launch.    Mr. Smith. If I could ask you, in terms of the return, if you could give us that information for each country.    Written response received from the Honorable Susan S. Jacobs to question asked during the hearing by the Honorable Christopher H. Smith    Mr. Smith. I mean, Japan, India, I mean, it was the NCMEC--the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children--that said the number is 64. Bindu Philips, who will testify, sitting right directly behind you, almost 7 years.    Matter of fact, she not only has had her children kidnapped, as Eamon Blanchard, who is a police office who is with her today, as the Plainsboro Police have documented, there has been one violation of her rights, money was taken, all the furniture was cleared out, loans--I mean, it was a very high level fraud, in addition to--I mean, she was broke after this happened by the abducting father. And back in India she is being frustrated beyond words.    And, as you know, and this goes for Japan, it goes for any country, Section 201 makes clear that determination of action by the Secretary of State for each abduction or access case related to a child whose habitual residence in the U.S. that remains pending or is otherwise unresolved on the date that is 12 months after the date on which the Central Authority in the U.S. submits such a case to a foreign government, the Secretary shall determine whether the government of such foreign country has failed to take appropriate measures and that he is then, as expeditiously as practicable, told, admonished, delineated in law, to take one or more actions described in Section 202, which are the sanctions provisions.    It seems to me you have a textbook engraved invitation to be serious in implementing this law to say, ``Japan, we could take any one of these cases.'' Paul Toland, he served in Yokohama in the Navy, and he is the only surviving parent, not unlike David Goldman, because his wife had passed away. And he, like the others, live in agony over the loss of their child. She is I think now 11, his little daughter.    That is a textbook case for us to say, ``Section 201, Japan, we are going to use this.'' Because, again, the access cases should be a clear suggestion, if one is needed, that Japan is not living up to the letter or the spirit of comments that have been made, as well as signatories to the Hague Convention. In their case, they are excluded and not included in its implementation by definition.    So if you could take back, and maybe respond to it now, could you use Section 201 for Bindu Philips or for Paul Toland or any of the left-behind parents whose children were abducted to Japan?    Ambassador Jacobs. Absolutely, because we do it now. We don't--we have not waited for that year to run. We raise these cases constantly, especially with the countries that you have named, in an effort to resolve the cases.    Mr. Smith. Can I respectfully----    Ambassador Jacobs. Can I tell you that I share your frustration.    Mr. Smith. Good. Thank you. Can I just say, and I really believe there needs to be a look at--I mean, there are a number of tools in the toolbox in terms of sanctions. Look at the sanctions that will have bite. I mean, a demarche is a good shot across the bow, but that is all it is, and you have done that with Brazil, for example, but I think the next step has to be, okay, you have not resolved these cases, and you tweeted back in 2011 how you have put together a working group in Brazil. Is there any fruit to that effort? Are people coming home? Children?    Ambassador Jacobs. Let me express my frustration with our progress with Brazil. I have made six visits to Brazil, and we have had one return, and it isn't enough. But we have had a breakthrough, and I have been invited to go back and to meet with judges to express our frustration, because in Brazil that is where the problem is. And we have had--we have invited judges up here, we had 10 judges here in September, we are putting together another program for judges, and we are looking at every way we can--the Ambassador is very engaged.    We are trying to work with the Brazil Central Authority, a very responsive organization, to get the judges to implement the Convention the way it is written.    Mr. Smith. When Secretary Kerry testified on February 25 before our full committee, I asked him specifically about the meeting with Prime Minister Modi by both himself in January, and of course the President of the United States, Barack Obama.    And I asked whether or not child abduction cases had been raised, and I am not sure he answered it. And I have deep respect for the Secretary, but he said, ``Any time that I visit either home or go somewhere we meet at high levels, we raise these issues by name.'' I am not sure he raised Bindu's case or any of these cases, but my question to you is, it would be nice to have clarification on that.    But in our newfound relationship with the Modi government, is this an issue at the top, along with other issues at the top? I mean, if we can't speak out for abducted children, American children, who will?    Ambassador Jacobs. It is an issue at the top, and let me assure you that----    Mr. Smith. Did President Obama raise it?    Ambassador Jacobs. I don't know, because----    Mr. Smith. Can you get back to us on that for the record?    Written response received from the Honorable Susan S. Jacobs to question asked during the hearing by the Honorable Christopher H. Smith    Given the high volume of international parental child abduction cases from the United States to India, the Department of State continues to employ a full range of diplomatic tools to improve cooperation on resolving these cases. We continually work with the Government of India to identify new avenues of cooperation and to request assistance in resolving all cases at all appropriate levels and opportunities. We refer you to the White House for questions about the President's meeting with Prime Minister Modi.    Ambassador Jacobs. I am going to be really honest with you. I don't know if that information will be given to me. But what I can assure you of----    Mr. Smith. Is that secret?    Ambassador Jacobs . Is that when we learn that high level people, including the Secretary and the Under Secretaries, are traveling to countries where we have problems with abduction cases, we put something into their briefing book, so that they will raise this issue. This is----    Mr. Smith. And I deeply appreciate that, but the question is, is it delivered or is it on page 5 of what they--and they never get to it?    Ambassador Jacobs. It is----    Mr. Smith. I mean, we found that with David Goldman at first. It was--you know, we had--there was pickets out in front of the White House to try to get a focus when Lula, the President of Brazil, was coming, and finally at long last it was raised. We are not sure if it was an afterthought or a real--I mean, foreign leaders, as we all know, look our foreign leader in the eyes and say, ``Is this of high importance, or are you just putting a little check in the box?''    And I would hope--there is nothing secretive as to whether or not the meeting with Prime Minister Modi--and this would go for the Prime Minister of Japan and any other meeting--this has to be front and center, and now sanctions ought to be utilized.    If we use sanctions--and I made this point when I did the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, if you don't use the sanctions, this becomes an unimplemented law and a toothless piece of legislation. They have to know it is a priority, and the meting out of sanctions--and I mean real sanctions, would immediately cause them to wake up and you will have tremendous successes on your hands with children brought home.    Ambassador Jacobs. If I might, I can tell you that I have already had some successes in just the threat of sanctions invoking this law. In recent meetings in Guatemala and Honduras, where we have had very little success on abduction cases, we got their attention and now there is going to be far better cooperation.    Mr. Smith. That is encouraging, but those are very small countries that can be more easily persuaded, to use a diplomatic term. ``Intimidated'' might be a better word.    Ambassador Jacobs. No.    Mr. Smith. But the big countries, the big countries--Japan, India--this has to be far more----    Ambassador Jacobs. Absolutely. They have--I am planning to go to India in May, to Japan in June, and to talk about the report. The Indians don't want to be cited, and I do think that public shaming is a very good thing for countries that are not doing the right thing.    Mr. Smith. Can we expect India will be on the non-cooperation list?    Ambassador Jacobs. We haven't put together the list, but I don't think you will be disappointed.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Also in your testimony you say, ``As we execute the new requirement, to inform Members of Congress directly of new IPCA cases,'' let me just say the language is clear that all cases should be informed. Is there are more narrow reading of the text?    I mean, a new case--I mean, all of the old Japanese cases, some of them are 10 years old, it would seem to me--and I have asked many Members of Congress, is there anybody in your district that you know of? And one after the other, it is a blank stare. ``No, nobody has contacted me.'' Are you informing all people that their Congressman and two Senators could be tremendous advocates for the return of their children, or access, or both?    Ambassador Jacobs. In April, we will begin the notification process to Members of Congress. We have had to work through other laws to make sure that we are doing the right thing, and we will begin doing that in April.    Mr. Smith. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. And thank you for that question.    Mr. Smith. Okay. And it will include old and new cases.    Ambassador Jacobs. It will include----    Mr. Smith. Not just since----    Ambassador Jacobs . All the cases for which we have permission to give them information.    Mr. Smith. Okay. That is good. So strike that ``new'' word in the--Ms. Bass.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Ms. Bass.    Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Meadows.    Ms. Walorski.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Ms. Walorski.    Just a few final questions. What is the number right now of open abduction cases, and how many children are we talking about as of today's date?    Ambassador Jacobs. You are going to be angry with me, but I don't have the number. I am going to get it to you as quickly as I can.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Could anybody behind you maybe get that from headquarters, too?    Ambassador Jacobs. We will get it for you.    Mr. Smith. Okay. You know, again, Jeffery Morehouse, in his testimony, and I do hope if you can't stay to hear it you will take it and read it, as well as that of our other distinguished witnesses, but he goes through specific cases, including Henrik Teton, who--a request for interim access to his children under the Hague was ignored by the court and goes--I mean, the obstacles that are placed in front of these parents are almost insurmountable unless our Government establishes, in my opinion, an MOU to finally, at long last, have a mechanism that works, that is predictable, that is effective, and does not bankrupt the left-behind parent, which many of these offending parents know will happen over time because they just can't--they have run out of money, and their hearts are so broken that they collapse with exhaustion.    Are MOUs being considered? And I have been pushing this. You know I went to Japan with Michael Elias' mother, so I went with the grandmother of the two children, Jade and Michael, who have been abducted. And the whole pushback was no MOU, no MOU. You and others have suggested that this wouldn't be helpful.    We now know that there has been no relief for these parents and these children. These are American children, and it seems to me that a mechanism that could be invoked to expeditiously bring those kids back is--and that goes for India, a non-Hague country. If they sign the Hague anytime soon, we will be right in that same boat, and Bindu Philips will see 7 years become 8 years become 9 years become 10 years.    And, again, I strongly ask you, take her case. Meet with her, please. But take her case and use that to invoke Section 201. You only need one case, and you only need one case from the folks who have had their kids abducted to Japan. And then implement the sanctions. Until we do sanctions, I do believe, respectfully, they will think this is a paper tiger and we are just going through the motions rather than being serious about this.    And, again, security aid can be sanctioned. While Japan doesn't get a dime, I am sure, of foreign aid because they are a very, very mature democracy, and they are a donor of foreign aid to refugee causes, another very, very laudable commitment by Japan, but they do rely on a security--and, as we know, we have had witnesses here--and, of course, Paul Toland, he had shinken invoked against him--and I do hope there is something we are doing to say. The sole rights over the child, and in this case Paul's child, his daughter, is in the hands of a grandmother. There is no mother. She has passed, sadly, but she has passed. And Paul still now, a decade later, has not been able to get his daughter back.    And I just want to add one other thing. You know, Patrick Braden is here. I joined him at Melissa's birthday party; I believe she was four at the time. We couldn't even get in to see the Japanese leadership or Embassy people at that time. Now that is, what, 6 years ago. Every one of these wonderful mothers and dads that I meet and you meet, they have put through an agonizing process. So an MOU and a prioritization, sanctions, and say, ``Look, we are not kidding.''    The Goldman Act--and I don't call it the acronym you do--it is the Goldman Act. You know, once there is more than four letters, I usually think, whether it is ``wah-vah'' or something else after that, it is better to go with Goldman Act. It just seems to me that the time has come.    And if we invoke sanctions, name the name, you know, put them on the non-compliance, and all three of those countries--Brazil, India, and Japan, and there are others--certainly fit the bill for that. It is easy to sanction Honduras, frankly. But the countries where there is a superpower status, as we have with India and Japan, I mean these are very strong countries. That is when you say, ``We speak truth to power.''    And I implore you to do this. And I hope the report will clearly name them as offending countries, non-compliant countries, but then take that next step with sanctions, and then get the MOUs established, please.    Ambassador Jacobs. Can I tell you that we have 917 open cases as of March 17, 2015.    Mr. Smith. And that is open abduction cases?    Ambassador Jacobs. Yes.    Mr. Smith. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. Abduction and access. Sorry.    Mr. Smith. Have you gotten word back perhaps on how many of the cases cited in your testimony were resolved with a return? I mean, just so members here and the press and all, because, again, it sounds like a much better number than it is.    Ambassador Jacobs. We had 260 returns in 2014.    Mr. Smith. Okay. So about a third, approximately, of the cases were returned. The rest were not.    Ambassador Jacobs. Right. But they might have been access. I don't have the numbers on the access.    Mr. Smith. And none from Japan?    Ambassador Jacobs. No. None from Japan.    Mr. Smith. And India?    Ambassador Jacobs. I don't think so.    Mr. Smith. And Brazil?    Ambassador Jacobs. I know there were none from Brazil.    Mr. Smith. Okay.    Ambassador Jacobs. Let me----    Mr. Smith. And the numbers, how many children are we talking about with abductions?    Ambassador Jacobs. I do not have that.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Please get back to us as soon as you can.    Ambassador Jacobs. I will.    Written response received from the Honorable Susan S. Jacobs to question asked during the hearing by the Honorable Christopher H. Smith    Ambassador Jacobs. But let me assure you that we will do everything we can to resolve all the cases, to help every left-behind parent. You have my commitment.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    Anybody else have anything to add? No.    Thank you, Ambassador. Appreciate it. And, again, as you leave, I just again will say for the third time, please establish those MOUs. The mechanism doesn't exist to----    Ambassador Jacobs. We intend to approach those governments to do that. But remember that they have to be willing to negotiate with us. We need willing partners.    Mr. Smith. Again, I think that is where the sanctions will sharpen the mind and they will say----    Ambassador Jacobs. I hope so.    Mr. Smith . ``Hmm, the Americans mean business.'' I remember when we did the trafficking bill. It took 3 years to get the Trafficking Victims Protection Act enacted into law in 2000, and it took 5 years to get the Goldman Act enacted into law.    I will never forget meeting with members of the Russian Duma, and when we told them and showed them the sanctions provisions, one of the members who has been outspoken on combatting human trafficking in Moscow said, ``Oh, you guys do mean business. And will you implement it, though?'' And I said, ``That remains to be seen. It is an executive branch function.''    But my plea to you is to use the tools in the toolbox, and we will get children back, and the custody will be decided at the place of habitual residence.    Ambassador Jacobs. We will implement this law. You have my commitment.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so much.    Okay. I would like to now welcome our second panel, if I could, beginning first with Ms. Bindu Philips, mother of abducted children to India, Albert and Alfred, twin boys, who are United States citizens and were born in New Jersey in 2000. Albert and Alfred lived in New Jersey, just outside of my district, prior to their abduction to India by their father, who took the family to India on the pretext of a family vacation.    In spite of being granted custody of the children in the U.S. by the Superior Court of New Jersey in 2009, Ms. Philips is unable to see or communicate with her children. She has been seeking justice in the U.S. and in India, to be reunited with her precious children, for the last almost 7 years.    We will then hear from Mr. Jeffery Morehouse, who is the sole custodial parent in both the U.S. and Japan of his son, who remains kidnapped in Japan. He volunteers much of his time as Executive Director of Bring Abducted Children Home, which is a nonprofit organization dedicated to the immediate return of internationally abducted children being wrongfully detained in Japan.    Through BAC Home, he works to increase public awareness through outreach in the general community, on the crisis of international parental child abduction, and he believes it is important for parents of internationally kidnapped children to strategically engage in raising the level of awareness of this human and family rights crisis.    We will then hear from Devon Davenport, who is a research scientist from a biopharmaceutical company in North Carolina. But, most importantly, he is a left-behind father of Nadia Lynn, who was abducted to Brazil by her mother in February 2009. He filed a Hague return application immediately, which he won, and which has withstood appeals in court. But 6 years later, Nadia is still in Brazil.    Although the special appeal at the Superior Court was finally rejected earlier this month, the taking parent continues to use delay tactics in order to prevent the inevitable return of Nadia back to the United States.    And then we will hear from Mr. Scott Sawyer, who is a father of a child kidnapped to Japan in December 2008. In 2009, he became an officer of the parents organization Global Future, which has successfully, safely, and legally brought five kidnapped children back to their lawful homes in the U.S., as well as assisted in kidnapping prevention.    Ms. Philips, if you could----    Mr. Smith. Ms. Philips.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so very, very much for your testimony and your example, which encourages all of us to do more.    Mr. Morehouse, you are recognized.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Morehouse, thank you very much for your very moving testimony.    I would like to now recognize Mr. Davenport.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Davenport, thank you very much, and thank you for going through the process that you have followed. Like our other witnesses and so many left-behind parents, you have done it all by the book.    Mr. Smith. And justice delayed is justice denied. Again, the three countries--and there are many others, but especially Brazil, Japan, and India--absolutely fit the criteria of non-compliant countries. And if sanctions are not imposed, and significant sanctions at that, again, they will take view of that, take the view of that that we are not serious about this child abuse, as Mr. Morehouse so aptly put it, that is being committed against your daughter and all of the other children.    I would like to now recognize Mr. Sawyer. The floor is yours.    Mr. Smith. Without objection, so ordered. And it goes for the others. Anything you want to affix to your testimony, please feel free to do it.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so very much for your testimony.    Ms. Bass.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Ms. Bass.    Let me just conclude, just a couple of questions. Ms. Philips, first of all, Eamon Blanchard is with you from the Plainsboro Police Department. I just would like to recognize him and thank him for the wonderful police work that his office and his fellow officers, he himself did, especially at your time of most vulnerability when everything had been ripped off. And not only had you lost your children, you had a major act of theft occur against you. So I just want to acknowledge him and thank him.    And let me just ask you, you did say that when you contacted the American Consulate in India, one of the consulates, they said there was little they could do for you without an order giving you custody of the children, which you subsequently did get. Was there a change of effort on their part, an earnestness of, you know, a vigorous effort to facilitate a resolution to your case after that?    Mr. Smith. I just want to remind--and I do hope the press captures this, if they include it in their stories, but the idea that there are 781 resolved cases. It does convey a false notion of resolved in terms of bringing children home. The number that--with the update from Ambassador Jacobs was that there were 261, so that means two-thirds of the cases have not resulted in a child being returned home. And we know with Japan it is zero; zero for 400.    Let me just ask you, all three of the countries that you have had your children abducted to, cry out as an engraved invitation for sanctions to be imposed after the report, which should be received by Congress or issued no later than April 30 pursuant to the law, to the Goldman Act.    What would be your reaction if the countries, like Japan, like Brazil, like India, were not so designated and significant sanctions not imposed?    Mr. Smith. Yes, Mr. Davenport?    Mr. Smith. One of the questions or a series of questions I posed in July 28, 2011, to Ambassador Susan Jacobs was about the closure of cases, because always have had trouble with clarity in the numbers. Time and time again, I remember when we had meetings with David Goldman and Ambassador Jacobs regarding Brazil. We got different numbers, always different numbers, and it was hard to say, ``What is the number? How many children?'' And hopefully the report will be very clear on the numbers issue.    But I think it needs to be underscored, and for the record I will put with this answer from the Office of Children's Issues into the record, that closure of cases follow when a child turns 16 in a Hague case. That has certainly not been any positive resolution. It just means the child aged out, and, as we all know, that is what many of the abducting parents do through their endless appeals like you are going through, Mr. Davenport, and all of you.    The child turns 18 in a non-Hague case, the child is returned to the country of habitual residence, that would be a positive outcome for sure. But as number 3 on the list, maybe there is no reason for the juxtaposition, but it is number 3.    The left-behind parent notifies the Office of Children's Issues that assistance is no longer required. The child or the left-behind parent is deceased. After multiple attempts, the Office of Children's Issues is unable to locate or communicate with the left-behind parent in order to obtain updated information or confirm that our assistance is still required.    You know, so there--you know, cases drop off the table because, again, a child turns 16 and ages out. When it is presented in an aggregated form, it would be very easy to have a takeaway, oh, the cases are going down, or these have been resolved successfully, when that is absolutely not the case.    Let me also just say that I think, again, all three of your cases, absolutely your individual cases, not the larger numbers which you all represent, Section 201 could be applied to every one of them, and ought to be. I mean, this is a serious attempt, the Goldman Act, to hold countries to account.    Unfortunately, we have four votes pending. I am going to have to end the hearing very shortly. Your comments, Mr. Morehouse, about Henrik Teton's case, that the judge refused to provide his name. I have had 15 hearings on human rights in Northern Ireland, on policing and on Diplock courts. I can't think of another instance in a country, particularly Japan, a mature democracy, where a judge will not utter his name in his own courtroom.    I mean, in the Diplock courts, they used to shroud the judges so nobody knew who it was that was deciding a case. Here in Japan, Mr. Teton had to put up with the five points you made, which were devastating, one of which was the judge was refused to provide his name. That is outrageous. That is almost laughable, but it is certainly not funny.    So if any of you would like to provide any further comment before we have to close down. I do want to just acknowledge, first of all, that David Goldman is here. David Goldman, as I said at my opening, has been a tenacious, like you, father, mother, who cares so much about his son or sons or daughters that he fought and, in his case thankfully, yielded fruit, and Sean is doing extraordinarily well.    I meet with him all the time, as well as with David. He and Mark DeAngelis are both here, and Mark has spent so much time volunteering and doing work for the Bring Sean Home Foundation. And, Mr. Davenport, as you know, they have been helpful to you, so I want to thank them.    Patricia Apy, who is not here, but a lawyer who helped us with many of the finite details of the bill, particularly as related to DOD, and she had extraordinary expertise to bring to bear on that.    David Feimster, and Gail, his wife, who were successful. Sometimes a Foreign Service Officer is dogged, and that was the case in Tunisia. And I just want to acknowledge that we are grateful for the work that their Foreign Service Officer did, Mr. Sweeney, Michael Sweeney, I did talk to him on the phone a few times and he was absolutely locked onto the case, and those kids came home.    So I want to thank all of you for--oh, let me conclude, and then you all will have the final word. At one of our hearings in 2009, Bernie Aronson, the Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs between 1989 and 1993 provided some very powerful testimony. But one of his points which I thought was just so telling, here is a man, Assistant Secretary, sat in that very important influential position with U.S. Department of State and he said, let me quote in pertinent part, ``Let me be blunt. A diplomatic request for which there are no consequences for refusal is just a sophisticated version of begging. And there are no consequences today for Brazil''--and, I would add, for these other countries as well--my own addition--``or any other nation which refuses to return American children.''    Those words are no less true today, but now we have the Goldman Act where there can be, and must be, significant consequences for refusal. And to end the sophisticated version, as Bernie Aronson put it so eloquently, begging.    Final comments, very briefly if you could, and then the hearing will adjourn.    Bindu? If you would like. If you don't, that is fine.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Bindu.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Morehouse?    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Davenport.    Mr. Sawyer.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. This is the first in a series of hearings, so I want to thank you for your extraordinary testimony, love for your children, and we will never quit in trying to bring your children home.    The hearing is adjourned.