    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you for being here this morning and for your service.    Secretary Carter and General Dunford, both of you talked about the threat of North Korea in your opening remarks. And I appreciate your leadership in maintaining the Department's focus both on current and emerging threats in the Asia-Pacific. I think North Korea's launch of their short-range missiles demonstrated just yesterday how serious and important this threat is, which must remain at the forefront as we look at how and where we are placing and investing our defense resources. Obviously, representing Hawaii, this is something that we are keenly aware of, as the threat from North Korea continues with their increased capabilities, as well as people on the West Coast who find themselves within range of their ICBMs .    Secretary Carter, you discussed the ongoing consultations with South Korea's hosting a THAAD system. Can you give us an update on those talks and can you also share the Department's commitment to continuing to increase and enhance our missile defense capabilities of the homeland? In particular, in Hawaii we have a test site for the Aegis Ashore at the Pacific Missile Range Facility, and I and others here on the committee are pushing toward operationalizing that to increase that protection.    Ms. Gabbard. I would like to shift to both of your comments as well with regard to Ukraine and Russia. Much of the $3.4 billion for the European Reassurance Initiative goes towards military funding and training and so on and so forth. In particular in the Ukraine, obviously, there are many challenges that they are facing kind of in their whole of government, but specifically within the military, we have seen time and time again how there is no tank-to-tank competition possible as Ukraine faces different threats coming from Russia. But can you speak to what kind of training we are assisting them with with regards to unconventional or special forces tactics and guerilla warfare, which can take a toll on what Russia is doing there?    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Conaway.