    Mr. Pompeo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It has been a very productive hearing.    Mr. Schiff seemed confused about why you are here, Mr. Higgins. I am about to enlighten him just perhaps a little bit about why you are here today.    The Central Intelligence Agency had turned over a series of documents to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. When it wrapped up its investigation, it returned those documents, as it did under its instructions and its rules, and they provided them to you. In a letter of May 8th, then-chairman of the committee, Chairman Mike Rogers asked you to hold on to those documents, to secund them in a way that they would be available to this committee in a very expeditious manner.    Since at least October, this committee has been seeking those documents. November 19th, one of your staff said, quote, ``Working to try to set up a time next week,'' end of quote. December 8th, one of your staff attorneys says, quote, ``We are in the process of organizing and page-numbering,'' end of quote. And then December 15, one of your staff attorneys said, quote, ``We will reach out to you soon,'' end of quote.    That is a series of documents you had already identified. You had turned them over on Thursday of last week after Chairman Gowdy had to go through the process of notifying you that you were going to come here today and have to answer for why you hadn't turned over the documents. Coincidence?    Mr. Pompeo. If you will do so quickly, I will be happy to bear with you.    Mr. Pompeo. Let me see if I can summarize.    Mr. Pompeo. You gave some documents to HPSCI, we gave them back to you, and you couldn't figure how to give them back to us in a timely fashion.    Mr. Pompeo. But when the hearing was noticed, you figured it out.    Mr. Pompeo. You bet. To meet the hearing.    Mr. Pompeo. I appreciate that.    Mr. Pompeo. I appreciate that. Can we do better as we move forward?    Mr. Pompeo. This was a pretty simple request. Some of the other challenges that the State Department has identified didn't exist here.    Mr. Pompeo. Let me talk about witnesses. There have been comments from the other side that we haven't asked for witnesses. We are going to.    Will you agree that you will help us find those folks?    We will do all the right things to safeguard these folks.    Mr. Pompeo. They are warriors. We don't want to compromise them at all.    Will you agree that you will work with us closely to help us get those folks so that we can get their testimony, as well?    Mr. Pompeo. Great. Thank you.    That brings up a point. You just got it today. I assume when these witnesses come, you are going to hope we only have to interview them once; is that correct?    Mr. Pompeo. It would be your strong preference that we not turn up a document after we have brought these folks back from goodness knows where to come testify, that we don't have to call them back to address another document. One time is better than two and certainly better than three, right?    Mr. Pompeo. And, Mr. Rubin, you would agree with that?    Mr. Pompeo. But you would prefer, if we have to round up somebody from the State Department, that we just do it once and not have to gather them up, get your lawyers, all that goes with that, a second or a third time. That is better from your agency's perspective. Fewer of your 70,000 top people, right?    Mr. Pompeo. Here is what I can say. We have heard today from the other side that we haven't called witnesses, and I will tell you, until you get us the documents, we are going to be very loathe to bring them, because I know we will never get these folks back a second time. You all will find hundreds of reasons not to bring them the first time and thousands of reasons not to bring them the second time. And we are just going to do this right. We are going to do this, but we are actually going to pursue this inquiry in a reasonable way.    Mr. Higgins, it took us a long time to get some of our senior staff clearances. We have a three-star general that couldn't get an SCI completed until--when was it? When the hearing was noticed. Right. Shortly before the hearing was noticed, we get the final set of clearances that we need.    Can you assure us that that won't happen in the future? We will probably have additional folks that need to be cleared. This is a comity between the branches that you all have done good work on in the past.    And it is one the things--again, we have been trying to move this along. Now we have the minority saying we are too slow. But we didn't have clearances for staff members in a timely fashion.    Mr. Pompeo. I appreciate that. And if it is the case that we are doing something wrong, that we don't have the information you need to get our folks clearances, we are happy to expedite that, as well.    But the executive branch sat for far too long and prevented this committee from taking on the task that we have been charged with. And so we hear the minority today talk about it, but the executive branch prevented us from having access to information and having staff people having access to information that was necessary for us to execute this investigation the way these families deserve.    Mr. Pompeo. Thank you.    Mr. Higgins, have you received any document requests from the minority on this committee?    Mr. Pompeo. Have you received any witness requests from the minority on this committee?    Mr. Pompeo. Mr. Rubin, have you received any document requests from the minority on this committee?    Mr. Pompeo. Have you received any witness requests from the minority on this committee?    Mr. Pompeo. So this today, this is fascinating to watch Mr. Schiff and Mr. Cummings talk about us being too slow. You have seen all the impediments that have been put in our way, whether it was clearances or priorities or documents we can't get our hands on.    They claim that they want to get--Mr. Cummings says, ``I want to make sure we complete a fact-finding investigation.'' He hasn't asked for a single fact, not one. It must be the case that he believes every fact has been determined, that every relevant line of inquiry has been completed, that there is not a single witness left in the universe to be interviewed.    The minority complains that they have been shut out. They haven't asked for a single thing that they have not been granted by an incredibly gracious Chairman Gowdy with respect to a witness that they wanted to call before this committee or a document they sought from any group within the executive branch.    The hypocrisy to come today and say we are both moving too slow and asking for too much is something the American people will get to judge as we move forward.    But I can assure you, I can assure you that everyone on this committee--and I hope the minority will join in this effort in a serious way, as well--are going to ask questions. And it may be the case, as Mr. Smith said, we won't get to all of the answers that we would like to get to, but we are going to work at it.    We are going to take this charge seriously, and I hope the minority will participate, as well. They talk about us being too slow, and yet they act as if their job is to play defense--right?--to stop us from engaging in this inquiry, not participate in it, not say, Mr. Chairman, I think we ought to ask this witness questions X, Y, and Z. Mr. Chairman, might it be possible that we could obtain documents from this particular group? No, rather, they simply act as if they are the brake on this committee's investigatory work, as if their sole role is to claim that this investigation is political and not to participate.    We still have men and women out in the world who are engaged in important intelligence-collection activities and keeping America safe. We have an obligation to make sure this committee gets it right. And I hope the minority in this committee will begin to take that role seriously, that they will participate actively, that they, too, will seek witnesses and documents and information, such that when we get done, they, too, will be able to sign the report.    I would love for nothing more than to have a bipartisan report that gets to all of the facts. But if the minority continues to believe that their role is to play fullback to our efforts to block everything we do, not to clear the way but, rather, to obfuscate, I suspect we will end up in a place where we get a good, factual report but the American people don't get the full resolution that they deserve.    With that, I yield back my time, Mr. Chairman.