    Dr. Gyuk. Chairman Smith, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and Members of the Committee, thank you for your invitation to testify at today's hearing. I appreciate the opportunity to tell you about the energy storage program of DOE's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, and the serious efforts the program is making to address the challenges facing the widespread deployment of grid energy storage.    I am pleased to be part of this panel with some of my distinguished colleagues who have been great partners over the years.    Last week, the Administration released the first ever quadrennial energy review. The QER takes a broad look at the infrastructure used for the transmission storage and distribution of energy. Several of the QER findings and recommendations addressed the opportunities that grid energy storage can provide to modernize the electric grid.    Today, I would like to highlight our work over the last dozen years to develop energy storage technology, working on materials and devices, and to bring them into commercialization.    The program is firmly based on the knowledge and expertise of the National Laboratories. We work with Sandia, Pacific Northwest Laboratory and Oak Ridge in a fully integrated program which produces cutting-edge research focused on commercialization. And this focus on commercialization is essential. We also involve universities and industry as appropriate. We pursue a wide portfolio of technologies for a broad spectrum of applications. Some of the technologies we have studied include advanced lead carbon batteries, sodium ion systems, magnesium ion systems, and flow batteries involving vanadium, zinc iodide and organo-metallics. We bring promising chemistries all the way from basic investigations through device development, and into licensing and deployment.    I would like to share some success stories in deploying energy storage technologies, and then discuss how OE's program is addressing the major challenges.    At Notrees, a small town near Odessa in west Texas, we partnered with Duke Energy to build a 36 megawatt facility for wind smoothing and frequency regulation. The installation helped to inform the Texas Public Utility Commission on developing rules for ancillary services. Tehachapi, California, is the site of the world's largest wind field. But sometimes the wind blows and sometimes it doesn't, and so we partnered with Southern California Edison to build an eight megawatt, four hour lithium ion facility to mitigate the variable nature of the wind.    I believe strongly that federal programs need to work directly with the States, making the expertise developed by the national laboratories available to the public. For example, in Vermont, we are partnering with the Public Service Department to build a disaster-resilient micro-grid, combining four megawatts of storage with two megawatts of photovoltaics. During emergencies, the facility can function as a community shelter and maintain critical services indefinitely, even without input from the surrounding grid, which may well be down. In Detroit, we are exploring a community energy storage concept, incorporating reused electrical vehicle batteries. In Washington State, we are leveraging state funds to commercialize a battery technology that started with research at PNNL. Avista just inaugurated a one megawatt, three hour flow battery based on vanadium a few weeks ago, and two megawatts with Snohomish will soon follow. We will evaluate the operation of the facility, and make careful cost benefit evaluations.    DOE has developed a strategic energy storage plan which identifies four priorities, which form the framework for the OE Storage Program. One is lowering costs. That comes first. Two is validating reliability and safety. Three is helping to develop an equitable regulatory environment for storage. And four is furthering industry acceptance. The program has provided key leadership in establishing energy storage as an effective tool for promoting grid reliability, resilience, and better asset utilization of renewable Energy.    Although grid energy storage has made a credible beginning, much remains to be done. DOE looks forward to continuing this important work. As our electric grid evolves, we expect that energy storage will be an integral component in assuring that electricity delivery for communities, business, and industry will be more flexible, secure, reliable, and environmentally responsive.    Mr. Chairman, and members of the Committee, this completes my prepared statement. I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.    Dr. Gyuk. Thank you for this question, Mr. Chairman. It's a very complex question, and I will try to attempt answering at least part of it.    I would like to point out first of all that our particular program in the Office of Electricity is the first and original program at the Department of Energy. Most of the other programs entered the fray when grid storage reached a certain stage of development. ARPA-E does very interesting research aimed at cutting-edge technology. They are in the form of grants, and they have produced some very interesting projects like the Ambri project that we have heard about. We also interact with them. In fact, I was the person who suggested to the head of ARPA-E that he ought to be interested in grid energy storage.    The Office of Science does basic work on--mostly on the electrochemistry involved in storage; catalysis and things of that type. We don't do hydropower because there is an office, and hydropower is a well-developed technology which has some interesting things if you--to advance, but it's not in the purview of our particular office.    Dr. Gyuk. I believe not, however, we are putting together the QER Program which will provide more of a framework for not only grid energy storage, but also the whole field of grid-related energy projects.    Dr. Gyuk. Battery storage for vehicles has been sponsored for a long time, and has produced some very good results on lithium ion, and it's also at a much higher budget level than----    Dr. Gyuk. I would prefer to call--to say that we have a lower budget, but it's not necessarily lower priority.    Dr. Gyuk. I would have to do this on a personal basis because policy decisions of that type are generally made by people in the administrative offices.    Dr. Gyuk. It's easy because most of the points I would like to make have just been covered.    Dr. Gyuk. I think we are all agreed that we have to start things slowly, and where we can find the most sensible results. Frequency regulation is already cost-effective in at least Texas and the FERC areas. Resiliency and emergency preparedness is an important one because when you need it, any price is good, and that includes the military bases. So military bases, islands, coastal areas are beautiful for resiliency. Peaking is another one. But the whole thing is about getting the right benefit streams, and increasing the asset utilization of the system as a whole.    Dr. Gyuk. Yeah. Well, first of all I'd like to point out that there are battery companies that are working on innovation. For example, a company in Pennsylvania called East Penn worked with us to develop the ultra-battery which has a cycle life which is almost 10 times that of a regular lead acid battery. General Electric is another company that actively works on research. But I agree with you that by and large, the battery industry is conservative. And the utility industry is conservative also, although we do have forward-looking utilities like Southern California Edison, Florida Power and Light, First Energy American Public--you know, and various other companies of that type. But the federal impetus, I think, is helpful in bringing out the best in these companies, and coaxing them towards innovation and new battery development.    Dr. Gyuk. Yes, that is true.    Dr. Gyuk. Yeah.    Dr. Gyuk. It's the vast majority. Pumped hydro is a classical technologies--technology. All the utilities that have it bless the day when it was put in because it helps them with peaking power. I mean it's very difficult to live without it.    Nonetheless, not very much is being built these days.    Dr. Gyuk. It's a combination of most--many of these plants were built to cope with the hoped-for development of nuclear power, because nuclear power likes to put out flat electricity, and the pumped hydro was intended to follow the load and do the up-and-down. Since nuclear power is not as big a component of our national energy budget as was intended, the impetus for doing pumped hydro is less.    Dr. Gyuk. It's also very expensive to build a new pumped hydro plant.    Dr. Gyuk. When you take into account a long lifecycle, a pumped hydro could run for 20, 30 years easily. You amortize over that period and the cost--the lifecycle cost them becomes lower than most batteries. And that's sort of what we have to crack with battery research. The same is also true for compressed air energy storage, of which we have two very good examples in the world; one of them in Alabama in Huntsville, and the other one in Germany. But we are now developing new compressed air energy storage. That's another bulk technology that amortizes over long periods of time, and will give us good output.    Dr. Gyuk. My information is roughly the same information you have. I hear the public announcements. Tesla has a very fancy luxury car. They have talked about residential batteries, but they really do not have any major part of the market. And I wish them well. If they succeed then energy storage will profit from it as a whole.    Dr. Gyuk. We have driven down the cost of vanadium systems to a considerable degree. We are now thinking of taking that experience and going into new directions, but with the same general approach. Zinc iodide is a possibility. Metalorganics and completely organic electrolytes.    Dr. Gyuk. Couldn't agree more. And that's what our program has tried to do; take the applied ideas, drive them through developing the devices, and then get them out in the field and see how well it performs in the field in the real-life situation. And we need to have that entire chain from support of basic scientific research, through the scaling into prototypes and beyond, and the applications for the first early adaptors and demonstrations out in the field.    Dr. Gyuk. Yes. There are two charts that I keep in my mind when I think about new technologies. One is the chart of crustal abundances, which tells you how abundant the things are in general, and it also has a subsection on what materials are industrial materials. Vanadium is an industrial byproduct of the steel industry.    Dr. Gyuk. So that's okay. The other one is the chart of electro--electric potentials. You need materials that give you a large voltage window. Can't be too large if you're dealing with water, otherwise you're producing hydrogen and you may explode. But these two together define the limits of what we look into, and that's why we are interested in organics which are basically carbon with stuff added, okay. And once you have the way to make it down pat, it should be fairly easy to produce industrially in quantity.    Dr. Gyuk. Yeah.    Dr. Gyuk. And simple materials.    Dr. Gyuk. Yeah, I cannot--I need to agree with what you have heard so far. If you're doing electrochemistry, you have certain limitations on the system. Nonetheless, there are directions one can go in. I do not necessarily believe that lithium ion is the end all and be all, even for cars. We have things to go beyond, but they will not necessarily be, you know, totally different.    Dr. Gyuk. Yeah, we consider distributed storage to be on the distribution side, which means substation and maybe slightly above or slightly below. Size from 500 kilowatt to about 10 megawatt. Those, I think, are the easiest applications. If we are going to go into residences, it's not so much residences as small businesses, campuses, business parks, and so on, there it makes sense to be behind the meter. Individual residences are probably a market considerably in the future.