    Mr. Bruno. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and members of the committee. My name is Robert Bruno, and I am a professor of labor and employment relations at the University of Illinois.    My testimony addresses four key points. First, I provide an explanation of what is meant by right-to-work laws. Second, I explain why the ostensible focus of the hearing today is mislabeled. Third, I describe how right-to-work laws raise fundamental equity issues. And fourth, I summarize findings from a substantial body of evidence on the negative impacts of right-to-work on workers, middle-class opportunities, and societies at large.    A right-to-work law has nothing to do with the right of an individual to seek and accept gainful employment. Instead, a right-to-work law is a government regulation that bars employers and labor unions from including union security clauses in collective bargaining agreements.    Since 1947, workers have not been forced to join a union anywhere in America. But labor unions must, by law, unconditionally represent, at times at great cost, all employees in a workplace.    In my opinion, it is premature to be commenting on the elements that may be at play in the Buckeye, Florida case. Consistent with decades of past practice, the board has simply requested that interested parties submit briefs on a set of questions.    Additionally, it is important to point out that whatever the findings of the board turn out to be, the current case does not revisit or affect in any way the standing of right-to-work laws. Nothing in the Buckeye case affects the power of a state to adopt such a law or affects any such laws currently on the books.    While there is little value in speculating on the Buckeye case, right-to-work raises serious equity issues. In right-to-work settings, workers can choose to receive 100 percent of the sizable benefits of a collective bargaining agreement, while making no contribution to the cost of providing those benefits. This arrangement violates one of the most cherished values of American society: the fairness principle.    Right-to-work, contrary to basic social tenets of individual autonomy and responsibility, celebrates--even encourages--shifting the burden of sustaining an equitable employment relationship onto others who have freely made a decision to pay their fair share.    Now, as of June 2015, there are 25 states with right-to-work laws and 25 states, plus the District of Columbia, where fair share agreements are permitted. This difference in statewide labor policy creates a natural laboratory in which researchers have analyzed economic impacts. So let me now briefly address six of those impacts of right-to-work laws.    First, there is no significant impact of right-to-work laws on overall employment in a state economy. And corporate decision makers repeatedly do not identify right-to-work laws as a defining factor in business location decisions.    Number two, right-to-work policy causes a loss in worker earnings and lowers both employer-provided health insurance and pension coverage.    Number three, by lowering worker earnings, right-to-work is associated with a drop in tax revenues and an increase in the need for government assistance. Workers, for example, in right-to-work states receive more in tax relief from the Earned Income Tax Credit than workers in collective bargaining states. By earning higher incomes, contributing more in tax revenues, and receiving less in government assistance, workers in collective bargaining states are subsidizing the low-wage model of employment in right-to-work states.    Number four, right-to-work lowers union membership. And paired with the previous impacts lends weight to claims that the true intent of right-to-work is an antipathy towards organized workers.    Number five, unions benefit individuals and society at large, for example, by raising wages, increasing employment-based health and retirement benefits, giving workers a voice at work, and standardizing safety procedures to reduce workplace fatalities and injuries.    In addition, people living in union households report higher levels of well-being than those residing in nonunion households. But, because right-to-work reduces union membership, there is a corresponding loss of these goods for individuals and society.    And number six, the United States has experienced a prolonged period of income inequality. By far, the largest institutional driver of that inequality has been the gradual decline in union membership. The decline in unionization rates explains a fifth to a third of the growth in inequality in America.    And in conclusion, right-to-work is bad public policy. Right-to-work laws have no discernible impact on job growth, lower worker earnings and benefits, have a negative impact on the public budget, while increasing reliance on government assistance programs.    Finally, right-to-work laws reduce unionization rates and the relative power of labor unions, thereby increasing societal income inequality and, importantly, restraining the growth of the middle class. Thank you.    Mr. Bruno. Well, Member Scott, if I understand your question, it really speaks to who benefits when the union negotiates a collective bargaining agreement and whether those benefits are equally accessible to all workers. And at different times in a worker's career, one benefit may prove more valuable than another. But they are all equally available. They can all be equally accessed.    And clearly, a safer workplace will benefit all workers, whether an individual worker conceptualizes a particular safety procedure as helpful or not. Safety is something that affects everyone. Wage increases, retirement benefits, having a voice on the job, being able to have an opportunity to question a form of managerial abuse. We recognize these generally as a way to bring democracy into the workplace. And that is going to be an equal benefit to all workers, whether individual workers have a particular need for it at a particular time.    Mr. Bruno. Well, it is--actually, it is--most grievances that occur in the workplace, whether they are happening to a union member or to a nonmember have implications for the entire bargaining unit. They set precedent. They help to shape what the bargaining relationship is going to be.    So in effect, every worker is impacted by the way particular disputes are addressed and handled in a workplace.    Mr. Bruno. Absolutely. Absolutely.    Mr. Bruno. Well, if you are a worker, I can't see any. In you are an employer, there is some shifting of wealth shares from workers to the employer. But in terms of the general health of the economy or of workplaces, there is no clearly-defined benefit that right-to-work isolated as a policy generated.    What it ultimately does, it reduces voice. It reduces choice on behalf of workers who collectively organize. And it re-shifts power to management.    Mr. Bruno. So if you take a look at the percentages of the population within states that are collective bargaining states and right-to-work states over a period of time and look at what percentage of their population, for example, would be receiving food stamps and the total dollar value of those food stamps, or you were looking at the Earned Income Tax Credit, as two--just two examples, and compare those to collective bargaining states, which would obviously have a higher unionization rate, what you find is that those right-to-work states are receiving a larger percentage, if you will, value of government assistance back to those states than they are contributing to the Federal Government, as opposed to the collective bargaining states.    Illinois being one as an example, which actually pays more in federal taxes to the government than it gets back in federal assistance. And we can look at--also look at poverty rates and can see that in these three collective bargaining states, poverty rates are lower. So that is the issue that I was--    Mr. Bruno. Oh, absolutely.    Mr. Bruno. No question about that.    Mr. Bruno. Well, thank you, Congressman. So there is a business magazine referred to as Area Development Magazine. And there is an annual survey that is done of corporations in which CEOs are asked about decisions to relocate their businesses. And there are up to 30, 40 different factors that are usually mentioned. And according to the research that I have done looking at--and others have--that labor policy, right-to-work, rarely ranks higher than 16 or 17. What ranks much more--    Mr. Bruno. Well, actually, it is not completely true that states that have collective bargaining agreements or that are collective bargaining statements aren't growing. Just to use Illinois again. Illinois actually created more jobs than its neighbors did in the past fiscal year--    Mr. Bruno. There are lots of--    Mr. Bruno. Well, thank you, Congressman. For a number of reasons. There are a number of studies that demonstrate that union workers are highly productive. There has been a series of meta analyses, which--or studies that look at other studies and summarize those and find that productivity gain can be, you know, 7, 10 percent. In the construction, the unionized construction industry, 17 to 20 percent.    Look at the high percentage of union members actually that have master's degrees or college degrees compared to similarly-situated nonunion workers. And we know that education is powerfully correlated with productivity. So it is a highly-productive workforce. It is a safer workforce. Think about workman's comp cost.    In fact, most employers, when they look at what really drives where they are gonna go, they are looking at policies, but it isn't that labor policy. It is not that labor management policy. It is about regulations. It is about taxes. It is about workman's comp. Those issues--    Mr. Bruno. It seems to be consistent with what we learned in kindergarten, quite frankly.    Mr. Bruno. Right? Everybody should make a contribution. Everyone should be treated fairly. It is about accountability. You are receiving a benefit, a sizable benefit. That grievance could lead to an arbitration that saves your jobs that over a career could amount to thousands of dollars. You benefit not just in the moment, but you benefit maybe over a lifetime. And you have contributed nothing to it.    But you perceive that if you contribute nothing to it, the strength of the union will always be there. Notice they are saying that they are working for that unionized company. Because they want that union to work for them. They are simply looking at the options and saying if I can get it for nothing, some people will do that.    Mr. Bruno. No.    Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. The study that I am referencing is a study that we did here at the University of Illinois. I believe it is referenced in the written testimony that we submitted when we actually took a look at essentially the way in which two states--and we were looking at Illinois and other collective bargaining states and Indiana as a neighboring state trying to measure this.    So there is actually a report that we did at the university that I could certainly make available to you that made this comparison.    Mr. Bruno. Thank you. It is indisputable that consumer society is driving our economy. And workers are going to generate demand. They will generate that demand with the income that they are able to spend. And as you noted, if 70 percent of job growth is in a low-wage service sector, these are workers who are not going to be able to save money, they are not gonna be able to spend beyond a sort of basic sustenance level.    And you are gonna need some labor market institution that can aggregate their interest and go into the employment relationship roughly on an equal balance to negotiate, to negotiate collectively. Let's not forget, that union is not an isolated entity. It represents those workers who have freely chosen that union. They are in that union. Their interests are collectively brought together. They negotiate on behalf of those workers.    That is the way in which in 1935, Congress understood that you could save, if you will, you could protect, you could promote capitalism, you could promote the free market by putting money into the pockets of workers who would have a little bit more negotiating capacity in the workplace.    And, quite frankly, I have looked at thousands of collective bargaining agreements. They can be very nimble, they can be very smart, they can address productivity in different ways, they can problem-solve.    And if I could, in 2003 a study was done that looked at this productivity question. And just to quote from it, ``the evidence indicates that in the United States, workplaces with both high-performance work systems''--and I think that is what Congressman Allen was experiencing in Georgia, which is wonderful, ``and union recognition have a higher union productivity than other workplaces.''    But without the union or bad set of labor relations, keep in mind that contract helps to settle disputes. You can keep your most talented workers in that workplace. So I don't understand how you can build a strong and middle class--and we have never done it. We haven't built a strong middle class in this country without an independent, strong robust labor union.    And it is hard to find a similar example in an industrialized country that is a democracy anywhere in the world which hasn't had a strong independent labor union.    Mr. Bruno. Well, thank you, Congressman. There are a number of things in your statement and your question. I would note, of course, that nothing's holding back the employer from offering to pay people more. They could arrive at a negotiated settlement in which they do pay people more.    And collective bargaining agreements can have a variety of different job titles, job occupations that they are doing under that collective bargaining agreement. That was true in the steel industry for decades. And those titles had different--they pay with different levels of pay. In the construction industry on a large construction site, what that pay is going to be for the painter or the glazier or for the electrician, those rates are gonna be set at different levels. So there is the ability to be nimble in that regard.    But, quite frankly, if, in fact, the union and the employer are interested in finding ways to make their workers more productive or benefiting/rewarding those workers because they want to keep them in that workplace, there are ways that can be done. The collective bargaining agreement is between the two parties. And we should let the two parties figure that out.    Mr. Bruno. What the contract is attempting to do is to make sure that any employment decisions made are not random or irrelevant so that people are treated fairly. So there is an egalitarianism expressed throughout that agreement. I don't think anybody would disagree that is an important--that is an important component.    But there is nothing, quite frankly, that is demonstrable that union contract has somehow withheld earnings from a worker that could have earned more. The data is quite clear that when you compare apples to apples, workers in a unionized setting are earning more than workers in a nonunion setting.    Look at the UAW's contracts now with the big three. They are actually--look at Ford. Particularly, a new book has just been released by a colleague. And it is a pretty impressive story of how to bring an industry back. It is a really good model. We should look at it.    Mr. Bruno. Well, if I could, I--again, knowing Illinois maybe a little bit better. At conservative estimate, there are well over 400 very profitable corporations in Illinois. And actually, many of them are international companies that pay zero in taxes or a very, very small percentage. It is millions of dollars that are not being paid into the public treasury. And this was a decision made by the state's leaders to create an incentive for folks to be there.    And this is a right-to-work state--I am sorry. Whoa. This is a--retract that. This is a collective bargaining state. And these businesses have been attracted there. And that is just one of the tools that the state legislature has used.    So I know, particularly in this case, it is millions of dollars that are not paid into the public treasury. And I imagine the bet was that having those companies there--and the vast majority of these companies are working with unionized employees--that they are actually generating work, they are generating dollars that is important to the state's overall economy.    Now, I haven't looked particularly at what the net is there. But it is considerable in terms of the tax exemption or the tax expenditure that is happening in Illinois. And I imagine it is true in most other states.    Mr. Bruno. Absolutely not.    Mr. Bruno. Well, I think you are right to conclude that. When research has been done that looks at spending that is done in the joint apprenticeship training programs--again, keep in mind, these are union and employer-negotiated agreements and plans, as opposed to plans that are apprenticeship programs that are set up simply by employers unilaterally in the nonunion sector.    And you do a dollar-for-dollar value, it isn't even close. The union sector spends almost the equivalent, if you were to just measure it, as if it were a university. They would have actually I believe the sixth largest number of students involved. And the contribution is in the billions of dollars.    And when you look at the number of workers, when you compare apprentices in nonunion programs versus union programs, again, it is light years. Statistically, I am not even sure what the number would be. There are so many more unionized apprentices. So it is an embarrassing comparison, actually, for the non-union construction industry.    Mr. Bruno. Correct.    Mr. Takano.--bringing up, and I could speak about other industries, a tremendous amount of their union resources that--a lot of it is coming from the dues--is spent on training the skilled workers through levels of apprenticeships and a greater mastery.    And something that I don't think people fully fathom or realize--and I think the American public would really benefit by actually going to a training center, seeing what happens. I have seen an entire ramp of a freeway; I had no idea how much carpentry went into that. And that ramp, the apprentices build that ramp, tear it down. And I was just amazed at the scale of the training programs we have.    I also want to talk about, you know, it has been suggested here that unions were to blame for the demise of the auto industry in the Midwest. Can you comment on that? I mean, I recall that period of time of decline, that there were also some strategic blunders made by some of the executives. During the time when oil prices were rising, oil shock was happening, the Japanese introduced a lot smaller cars that the markets seemed to favor. Mr. Bruno, do you want to respond to that question?    Mr. Bruno. Yes, thank you. I was hoping for an opportunity. And I should say, I grew up in a steelworking family in Youngstown, Ohio. My dad was a steelworker for over three decades, as were members of my extended family and my neighbors. And I have written a bit about the steel industry, for example. And I, you know, am really sensitive to the one Congressman's experience of having worked in the South Works. I worked in a steel mill in the summer. It is a much bigger picture.    Let's talk about trade policy and how the degree in which policy has impacted and protected industries here, as opposed to the way European and Asian countries have treated their industries. Let's talk about currency exchange. Let's talk about decisions that the big three made, that they have readily admitted. You don't have to take my word for it. You can look at people--you can read people who have written about the auto industry and can talk about how tone deaf they were about the products that they were constructing.    Mr. Bruno. It is incredibly hollow.    Mr. Bruno. A study that we did at the University of Illinois, and I think one of the congressmen also put into the record another report that was done.    We took a good look at poverty rates across the country and correlated those with unionization rates and whether a state was a right-to-work state or a collective bargaining state. And what we found when we looked at all of those was that on average, poverty rates were lower in states that had free collective bargaining. And that if, in fact, you were to implement right-to-work in these collective bargaining states, for example, you would see an increase in poverty.    And we projected that if it were to ever happen--and let's hope it doesn't in Illinois--that poverty rates would go up by at least 1 percent, which is actually quite sizable.