    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Ms. Schwartz when we hear that a system of grazing management is not prescriptive, because all land is different, what exactly does that mean?    Mr. Palmer. Actually, I think that's a good answer.    Mr. Palmer. And the logical conclusion from that is is that some of our Federal agencies need to understand that.    Mr. Palmer. That one size does not fit all.    Mr. Palmer. Either one of you can comment or answer on this, and I'm not an expert in this, I grew up on a farm in northwest Alabama, and very humid climate, so we didn't have some of the issues that they have out west, but just looking at it from a historical perspective and watching the video earlier, I can't help but think about pre-expansion out west, the huge herds of buffalo, the antelope, things like that.    Are we talking about--basically talking about the same things when we're talking about grazing and having herds that occupy the land that help maintain these grasslands? Because looking at the map that he showed, it's obvious that what was grasslands 150 years, 200 years ago, maybe longer than that, we're losing those. Does that make sense?    Mr. Palmer. And then that ecosystem, it was holistic in the sense that the bison herds helped preserve the grasslands, but also were a source of food and clothing and shelter for native tribes, so it all worked together. And obviously we're not going back there, so it leads to the conclusion that in terms of a holistic approach to land management, introducing cattle and other animals, and that industry becomes very significant for restoring the land.    And this is part of what bothers me about some of the environmental claims and the issues that they bring up in the context of climate change and wanting to get rid of the cattle industry and things like that. What are we going to do? Are we going to go back to millions of buffalo and--you know?    I think the bottom line here is that we're doing more harm than good. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Palmer. In the context of the damage that's being done to the land, how----    Mr. Palmer. --and how the land is turning into desert, because we've stepped into an area that nature kept it healthy. Obviously things have changed, we're not seeing millions of buffalo running across the plains anymore, so we've replaced that with agriculture and--and farming of cattle. And if we eliminate the cattle industry, then the land is going to suffer as a result.    Mr. Palmer. One last point, and I realize I've gone over my time, Madam Chairman, but you brought up proper burning techniques, and I think in the video it was mentioned that burning one hectare of grasslands released more dangerous gases into the atmosphere than 6,000 automobiles.    And I think about what's going on in California and the wildfires out there, and, again, going back to Federal policy for land management, you can't cut in firebreaks like you used to, you don't have the road access, and we are seeing hotter fires burning more acres, and that's also a major concern of mine and how that--the damage that that does.    I do think the importance of this discussion we're having today in the context of Federal land management, we really need to emphasize this, that we've made some policies that I think are doing more harm than good.    I yield back.