    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary, thank you for being here.    Mr. Secretary, I have to be quite honest. I am going to preface my questions by saying that I am deeply disturbed by this and not in favor of this at all. I will just go ahead and tell you.    But, let me ask you something. The premise for your action here seems to be that you are saying that conflicts of interest have resulted in higher fees for those that are in IRAs than are in 401(k)s and that it is because of these conflicts of interest that it has resulted in the higher fees.    Yet the Investment Company Institute has discredited that number and said that isn't true, said that it has only increased at .16 percent and that indeed can be attributed to the fact that they get more advice and that they get a higher level of service.    So if your premise is that the conflicts of interest are the reason why we need to have contracts, and yet we have the Investment Company Institute who disputes that, what is your premise then?    Mr. Carter. But aren't you kind of painting it with a broad brush here by saying that all investment bankers or all investment consultants don't have your best interests at hand?    Mr. Carter. Mr. Secretary, wouldn't you agree that this is already an over-regulated field, that we have probably more regulations in this area than we have in any other area? And what you are suggesting is that more regulation will actually solve the problem.    Mr. Carter. I understand that. But there have been many families, and I am sure you could give many situations and many examples, where just the opposite has happened where you have had advice given by advisers that has resulted in people being able to live a better retirement.    Let me give you an example. I am a small-business owner. I have owned a small business for over 27 years now. When I first went into business, I started a 401(k) within my business. And I will say that it is one of the best things I ever did, a great program. And it is one of the things that I am most proud of in my business, the fact that I can offer my employees that kind of program where they can invest, I can help match, we have profit sharing within that, they can borrow from it and they do that.    In fact, just this past week I had an employee who is actually borrowing from her 401(k) in order to pay medical bills that she is saddled with right now.    So that is something that has worked out well. And I don't think that I would have done it had I had to enter into a contract with a financial adviser. I mean, I am a pharmacist and my patients don't have to sign a contract with me before I make recommendations for them.    I am not seeing where more government regulation is going to solve this problem. This seems to me to be a solution in search of a problem.    Mr. Carter. Well, and you are absolutely right because the fact is that I am a free market person. And the fact is that I believe the free market works.    My example, unlike what you might see, is a better example and an example of where it has worked and it has worked well. And I am very proud that I was able to offer that to my employees. They are very happy with it. I am very happy with it. It provides all of us with a good retirement and it did not come about because we had a contract with a financial adviser.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.