    Mr. KELLY. You know, I am starstruck with this panel. Thank you guys for being here. Mr. Chairman, thank you for bringing such a distinguished panel, and it is great to hear from--first of all, you are all excited about what you do, and I think enthusiasm is one of those things that any business, or whatever you are doing, that you have to have enthusiasm. To see people like you, you are all role models for people out there. So, thank you for being here, and for what you have done for small businesses in our industry.    Mr. Ray, I want to briefly touch with you, and I had not intended to ask you a question, but I am so appreciative that you brought your family, because it is much like serving in the military or anything else. Whether you are a small business or anything else, it is a family deal. You are all involved and engaged. Not using someone else's name, like other people have mentioned, but to have people who are involved and are part of that, and you gave your daughter some great advice. I found in life, relationships and leveraging those, and understanding those is one of the greatest things you can ever have is the capital in people. So do you want to comment any more on that, Mr. Ray?    Mr. KELLY. And then Ms. Ramberg, although not in my district, Natchez, Mississippi, is in Greg Harper from my state's district. You noted in your testimony several consistent themes that you found in various cities that were part of the Main Street series. First, for those who may not be familiar with the series, will you briefly share about the series and particularly about the Natchez visit?    Mr. KELLY. Be quick because I have one more question I want to get to.    Ms. Solovic, and I hope I pronounced that right, in the South, we do not do over one syllable usually. But first of all, I want to thank you for your mother, and again, it goes back to family, and your father's service to this great nation. That is very important to me, and I think that our veteran-owned businesses, which we have not talked about a lot, I would like to give these guys and girls opportunities to proceed forward because they paid their debt to this nation, and anytime we can forward their agenda and help them to be successful in life after the military, that is great.    But can you elaborate a little bit on the Department of Labor's overtime rule and how that has impacted your business and other businesses, please?    Mr. KELLY. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.