    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to the witnesses for your outstanding testimony today.    Again, just to follow up on Mr. Scott's comments, I come from the State of Connecticut, which is a State that fully embraced the Affordable Care Act. In 2010, our uninsured rate was about 9 percent. Last fall, the latest statistics that came out, it is now 3.8 percent.    The exchange, which again I think has been touted as the highest functioning exchange in the country by Forbes Magazine, the individual policies, private policies, that were sold through the exchange, the actual premium price went down by 5 percent. I am going to say that again, went down by 5 percent, in terms of what was offered last year.    Again, like many of us, I am a former employer and believe in the employment-based component of the system. Again, what we are seeing in Connecticut is that despite some of the hysteria, that employment-based benefits are alive and well and that some of the really good solid initiatives like wellness programs or private exchanges are totally free to operate, and that is all good.    Like any measure, particularly one that had 440 sections, there are provisions which even those of us who voted for it had concerns with, and as was mentioned by Ms. Franklin, the excise tax, which we pushed against the administration back in 2010 and got delayed til 2018, we again succeeded last year in terms of delaying it to 2020.    H.R. 2050 has 186 co-sponsors, 70 percent of the House Democratic caucus to strike this provision from the law, and there is nothing, I think, contradictory about that. As I said, any law always can use sprucing up and improvements.    The administration actually with their budget that came over this year kind of acknowledged some of the criticisms that we have been weighing against it because they at least tried, I think, vainly, to come up with some actuarial adjustments, which again, I just think at the end of the day is just not really--no one is that smart and no one is that capable in terms of coming up with those kinds of fixes. So, we should strike from it.    But you know--Stepping back and looking at the big picture, one of the things again that was predicted was it was going to be this huge negative impact in terms of America's health care sector.    Last month, the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which came out with again another positive jobs report, 215,000 jobs added to the U.S. economy, 37,000 of those jobs were in the health care sector, 10,000 in hospitals, and about 27,000 in ambulatory care. In the hospital sector in the last 12 months, the employment in that sector has grown by 183,000 jobs in the last year.    Mr. Chairman, I would ask that those figures from BLS be entered into the record.    Mr. Courtney. Again, we still have work to do to make improvements, but there is no question that certainly when people actually step up and figure out how to make it work, as in Connecticut, both in terms of cost and access, I think we can point to real tangible results.    Ms. Corlette, just to shift the conversation a little bit, we are also a State that was the first to adopt paid sick leave, of up to five days, very controversial when the State legislature passed it. There was a business survey that was just done recently. Three-quarters of employers now in the State support it.    I just wonder if you could talk about that sort of feature as a way of improving workplace coverage in health and wellness.    Mr. Courtney. That is fine. I appreciate that. What is interesting is the survey that took place that I mentioned a moment ago. A third of employees who were eligible to use the statutory paid leave did not even use it.    Again, the notion that it is just going to trigger this huge utilization, in fact has not happened, people are committed to their jobs, but like you said, they should not be forced to be there when they are too ill to do it at the highest level, and also to keep the public safe.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.