    Mr. Killen. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, my name is Edward Killen, and I am the director of Privacy, Governmental Liaison, and Disclosure at the IRS. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today.    In my role at the IRS, I represent the Agency's interests in multiple aspects, including records management, information protection, disclosure, data sharing, and combatting identity theft. My office manages relationships with Federal, State, and local agencies by facilitation and oversight of various data sharing programs and initiatives. We also work to ensure the protection of Federal tax information in the custody of our data exchange partners.    The bottom line for my office is that we're working every day to protect taxpayers, safeguard their personal data, and promote both privacy and transparency principles, including the appropriate availability of Agency records.    I've spent my career in public service, beginning as a presidential management fellow with an appointment to the Social Security Administration. In 2003, I joined the IRS as a policy analyst in our Wage and Investment Division. Since then, I've had the opportunity to carry out a wide range of assignments in different areas at the Service, including leadership positions as the director of Governmental Liaison, Disclosure, and Safeguards, and senior advisor to the deputy commissioner of Operations Support. I have also engaged in numerous and diverse detail assignments across the IRS, including stints within our Chief Counsel's Office and the 2008 economic stimulus team.    I'm proud of the years I've spent in public service and grateful for the chance to continue to serve the American taxpayer.    This concludes my statement, and I would be happy to take your questions.    Mr. Killen. Well, I think it would depend on the particular circumstances. But, you know, as a general matter, probably 7 years or so is probably ----    Mr. Killen. Well, I think in the particular case of Mr. Maruca, as the written testimony shows and as I think we will probably talk through the day, that was largely a factor of sequencing and of particular circumstances. But I think the thing that I would reiterate about that is that essentially we have found the file, the data ----    Mr. Killen. That is true. You know, there are various records, disposition schedules for different types of records, both across the Federal government as a general matter, but certainly within IRS, so it is largely fact dependent. But ----    Mr. Killen. Oh, it can really vary.    Mr. Killen. Well, I mean, so certainly we ----    Mr. Killen. Not at the time.    Mr. Killen. Thank you for the question. We are working vigorously to ensure that we migrate our records management practices from sort of the current state to where we need to get to, you know, in the future in order to be compliant with all of the respective guidances out there from NARA and from     So principally, we have taken, you know, really a multi-pronged approach at that. Mr. Milholland and Mr. Tribiano both talked about various aspects of that, but I think, you know, first and foremost, again, ensuring that we no longer wipe or ----    Mr. Killen. No, sir.    Mr. Killen. Thank you for the question. As I stated a little earlier, we have essentially a multi-pronged strategy and approach that we are taking with respect to email. First and foremost, we have implemented the Capstone approach, which is an approach that has been developed by National Archives that is focused on your role within the organization, because you want to ensure that the senior-most officials in an organization who are most likely to create records, that those records are preserved.    And so, about a year ago we implemented that process across IRS to ensure that our senior executives all across IRS, that we had the appropriate electronic preservation of those emails. And so, that has been in place for the last year, and that was really one of the significant early pieces of the strategy.    Mr. Killen. They will be kept, there are ranges. But for our most senior executives, they will be kept permanently. For sort of our second tier of executives on down, they will be kept for 15 years. And that is very consistent with a role-based approach because you want to ensure that you have the preservation of records, you know, in the most appropriate fashion.    So the second piece of that strategy related to email is that by the end of this calendar year, by December 2016, consistent with the directives that we have received from OMB that applies across the government, not just to IRS employees, we will ensure that all of our employee email is available in an electronically accessible environment. And then we are also taking a variety of other steps to shore up our other processes and procedures with regards to records retention for separating employees and for, you know, an entire gamut of issues that we are working towards. So we are making significant progress.    Mr. Killen. Thank you for that question. So, again, as part of sort of the multi-pronged strategy that we have, because, you know, the key issue with Mr. Maruca is he separated from the Service.    Mr. Killen. And so, we have a process in place now where if an employee separates from the Service, we are ensuring that we do not wipe the machine. In addition, we are making the copies of the machine. So really, you know, our whole approach around records management and retention is first and foremost ensuring that we follow the relevant guidance and directives that are out there. But then secondly, trying to, you know, build in multiple layers of redundancy so that we do what we can to reduce, you know, the likelihood of the human element where people make mistakes as well.    Mr. Killen. There is a very long-term solution because, you know, you can imagine the volume of records, and particularly as just in all walks of life, as we move more towards a digital environment. And so, you know, our first focus and emphasis is on email. We have paper records, as you might imagine, that we do a pretty good job of maintaining, but we have improvement opportunities there as well. But longer term, you know, there is guidance that talks about by 2019 the Federal government should be able to migrate to a place where all records are stored in that, you know, accessible electronic medium. Our focus is initially on email, but that will extend to, you know, all of the various avenues of record creation towards that 2019 directive.    Mr. Killen. It will certainly help. It will certainly help because, you know, the first thing is that the documents have to be available certainly. But when you get beyond the actual availability of the documents, and when you talk in terms of document production, you also need to have the ability to search. And ideally you would want to have the ability to do key word searches because those are things that allow you to have, you know, very efficient document production.    So my answer to your question is that having the documentation retained is a necessary predecessor first step, but there is also the need to have the ability to do, you know, adequate search, find, and redaction capability. And that will be a separate effort, but it certainly is one that we have our eye on as well.    Mr. Killen. So, following those events, again, in late calendar year 2014, early calendar 2015, we implemented the Capstone approach for our senior-most Agency officials. And so, that ----    Mr. Killen. Well, Mr. Chairman, I think that does represent a fairly substantive change, and ----    Mr. Killen. Well, first of all, implementing the Capstone approach, you know. We had significant consultation with the National Archives ----    Mr. Killen. The Capstone process that we initiated with our senior officials, yes, that has been fully implemented.    Mr. Killen. Fair question. It is an issue of timing because we implemented the Capstone approach in actually late December 2014. Mr. Maruca had already left the Service by that point.    Mr. Killen. I will defer to Mr. Milholland on that.    Mr. Killen. So our internal email, again, there are nuances to it. So ----    Mr. Killen. All our internal emails--all--are not being saved, but we have the plan in place in order to get there. All of our emails for our senior-most officials are saved. We have actually had substantial interaction with NARA, so I do want to get this point across that NARA ----    Mr. Killen. I think there is a distinction between what we have preserved on the network and what we have preserved via backup and disaster recovery process. And I think that is the distinction that Mr. Milholland was going to make.    With respect to, because I do want to be clear about this point. The directive that we are under is that all email should be in an electronically accessible format by the end of calendar year 2016. That is the plan that we have implemented. That is the plan that we are on a trajectory to meet. But in the interim, and, again, this has all been a process that we have worked with NARA on. In the interim, our senior-most Agency officials' emails are being preserved, and that is sort of, I talked about this multi-pronged approach that we have implemented. That is ----    Mr. Killen. We are generally NARA compliant.    Mr. Killen. Well, I have to speak to the wording of the report, I mean, because we have had NARA reviews. And so, certainly we have opportunities for improvement, and ----    Mr. Killen. But on the whole, NARA has opined that we are generally ----    Mr. Killen. We are certainly making progress, and we have opportunities ----    Mr. Killen. We certainly have work to do.    Mr. Killen. Well, I think that the 2016 date is predicated on the OMB directive. That does not extend to just IRS.    Mr. Killen. No, no, it is not an issue of fault. It is an issue of what is the origin of the December 2016 date. And the origin of that December 2016 date is the OMB directive that says that all Federal agencies should have email in an electronically accessible format.    Mr. Killen. I could not speak on that. I do not ----    Mr. Killen. I really cannot speak on that.    Mr. Killen. I certainly do.    Mr. Killen. Generally speaking, I do try to be careful about what I ----    Mr. Killen. I am sure there probably has been.