    Mr.  McCraw. Mr. Chairman, members, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. Steve McCraw, Texas Department of Public Safety.    I want to echo a few comments that the chief made, but I would be remiss of two things if I didn't first mention the Governor's comments yesterday on the aftermath of the Brussels attack, the cowardly attack by terrorists.    He pointed out that our hearts and prayers are with the Brussels victims. Our minds must realize the consequences of open borders. And our resolve must be security.    Clearly, the Governor and the Texas State Legislature understand the scope and magnitude of the threat and vulnerability of Texas and the rest of the Nation.    What happens on the Texas-Mexico border doesn't just affect Texas or even just the border region. It affects the entire Nation, whether it is transnational crime or if it is a national security threat.    Clearly, special interest aliens are a problem, and we've recognized that. This is not a new phenomenon. As the FBI Special Agent in Charge in 2002, we learned that Border Patrol was detaining, detecting, detaining, apprehending individuals from countries with known Al Qaeda presence at that point in time. That's continued on. It's understandable why Texans are concerned from a national security standpoint.    To that point, we've talked about changes that we've seen over the years, and the chief referred to. Crime is remarkably different. It's more transitory. It's transnational. It's organized. It's more discreet.    Certainly, it can compromise and undermine public safety and homeland security and national security.    From a Texas standpoint, it's been very clear in terms from the Governor and our State Legislature that two things in terms of guiding principles--a sense of urgency and unity of effort.    Fortunately, with the chief over here, I know when he was sector chief of Rio Grande Valley for the Border Patrol, he was a team player. And we were able to do unity of effort and work closely with him.    I can tell you right now that if properly resourced, they have the leadership and type of people that can get the job done to secure the Texas-Mexico border. That's important.    Until that time, our strategic intent by our Legislature, our Governor, the Texas Department of Public Safety, working with our local and other State partners that includes Texas Military Forces, our game wardens, will provide direct support to Border Patrol in the detection, deterrence, and interdiction of smuggling events that occur between the ports of entry, and do so very aggressively.    Every day, we deploy Texas State troopers, Texas Rangers and special agents in the Department of Public Safety from around the State down to the Rio Grande Valley where right now is the epicenter of drug and human smuggling into the United States, and we'll continue to do so. This will be our direction until the border is secure.    There are a number of things that certainly can be done, if properly resourced. There's no doubt that Border Patrol can get the job done. We look forward to that day when they do have the resources to be able to do that.    That concludes my comments at this point.    Mr.  McCraw. As previously testified by others here, clearly, there are special interest aliens anywhere from Afghanistan to Yemen that have been coming across the Texas-Mexico border that have been detected and apprehended by Border Patrol. That is a fact.    As it relates to al-Shabaab, the connection to Somalians, it's an FBI case. It was prosecuted and is open-source information regarding the support--a Somalian smuggling operation out of San Antonio that would bring Somalians across and help them resettle across the United States. And there had been a nexus determined in the investigation to terrorism.    We're mindful of that. We're also mindful of other aspects, in terms of it.    Until we get a handle on our borders, until we're secure between the ports of entry, and no one is able to cross between the ports undetected, there's no way to tell in terms of the scope and magnitude of the problem that we--exists right now, frankly.    And there's no excuse not to secure the border. It can be done. If the proper resources are applied and Border Patrol given those resources, it absolutely can be done.    Until that time, Texas has made it very clear the Governor and State Legislature want to spend whatever it takes to support Border Patrol to get it done, because it's too important to Texas.    Mr.  McCraw. Clearly, the Mexican cartels have adopted people as a commodity, and human trafficking clearly is a core business now of the Mexican cartels.    The pull part is they want to encourage as many to come across, because unlike drugs, they don't need precursor chemicals. They don't have to grow it. They make an immediate profit, even when they get to the river. They don't even have to get across the river to get a profit.    Then they further compound it by when they move them across the river, often they will load them down in stash houses and continue to extort them for additional money, so it's an ongoing process.    Clearly, the cartels get a vote in terms of that push and that pull factors going into the United States.    Mr.  McCraw. They're substantial. Until you secure it, you can't mitigate it fully.    I know Congressman Connolly was concerned about MS-13 and other criminal aliens that come across, and how do you keep them from coming back? The only way you do it is secure it. The way you secure it is you provide Border Patrol additional agents, detection technology, aviation assets, and unity of effort, and work the type of programs that will deter criminal activity. That's the only way that you're going to be able to actually mitigate the risks.    Mr.  McCraw. Clearly, we're concerned. The Governor expressed his concern about the potential Syrian refugees coming to Texas. There's no adequate way to properly vet them. That's a concern from a national security standpoint. He's made it very clear.    We're concerned that we continue to see transnational gangs, criminal aliens, cartels, cartel operatives, and drugs, heroin, marijuana, methamphetamine, and cocaine infiltrate Texas, throughout Texas, really throughout the Nation.    Those are the key concerns that we have, and some of the other related transnational crime that happens when you become a transshipment center for cartel drug and human smuggling, including home invasions, including high-speed pursuits, including stash house extortions, including kidnapping, all those things that occur and we're having to address in Texas as a result of it.    And at the end of the day, the border is not secure.    Mr.  McCraw. I could tell you that this chief right next to me could do it, if provided the appropriate resources. If Border Patrol is given the sufficient Border Patrol agents, that detection technology and the aviation assets, they could do it today. There is no doubt in my mind they can do it.    Mr.  McCraw. Well, the problem is it hasn't been properly resourced over the decades. The bottom line is border security has not been a priority, not been a concern as it relates to multiple administrations.    And in today's threat environment, you can't afford not to be concerned about border security. It impacts Texas from a public safety standpoint. It impacts us from a national security standpoint, a homeland security standpoint, and not just Texas, but the rest of the Nation.