    Dr. Wenstrup. Good morning, everyone. I want to welcome you all to the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity's hearing today entitled, A Review of VA's Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program.    Today the subcommittee will conduct an oversight hearing on the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment, VR&E, program at the Department of Veterans Affairs, a program designed to help our severely wounded and disabled veterans by helping them find gainful employment and reach maximum independent living. Every day, VR&E's masters level counselors work diligently with veterans in the program to help them create a rehabilitation plan and execute that plan, while also being a constant resource and source of support for the participant as they go through the rehab program.    I agree with those that have said that the VR&E program should be the crown jewel of benefits provided to veterans through the Veterans Benefit Administration. This program has the opportunity to provide our most injured veterans with great rehabilitative services and support as they go down the pathway of transitioning to gainful employment and/or an independent life following their service.    This program is more than just a benefits program. It is also a vital first step for disabled veterans to become more financially independent, which is a win-win for veterans and taxpayers alike.    For several years now we have seen the participation in VR&E increase, and the President's latest budget submission anticipates a 10 percent increase of veterans participating in the program in fiscal year 2016. And as VBA continues to move through the current disability claims backlog, it would seem logical that the participation numbers for VR&E will only continue to rise.    However, despite the increase in caseload numbers, it is concerning that for the second year in a row, the President's budget has flatlined counselors and resources for this critical program. Caseloads for counselors have always been a concern of this subcommittee, and I am worried that our concerns seem to have fallen on deaf ears.    Our first panel would tell us that the industry standard for participant-to-counselor ratio should be around 1 to 125. However, we have heard reports that some VR&E counselors have caseloads of upwards of 230 veterans. It is our duty to ensure that our VR&E counselors have the resources they need as well as manageable caseload numbers so that our veterans are receiving the thorough and quality services they deserve in a timely manner.    I look forward to hearing from VA today on how they plan to tackle these ever-increasing participation numbers and caseloads while acting within the constraints of their current budget environment.    I am also concerned with the coordination between VA and the Department of Labor, and have specific concerns about VR&E's creation of Veteran Employment Coordinators, who seem to provide the exact same job placement services that are supposed to be provided by Department of Labor's Disabled Veterans Outreach Program Specialists, DVOPS, and Local Veterans Employment Representatives, LVERs.    The question is, has VA created these new positions out of frustration with DOL? We have been told that many DVOPS and LVERs are failing to fulfill their mission and don't properly assist rehabilitated veterans into meaningful employment. However, I am concerned that the creation of these new positions is a clear duplication of services, which not only causes confusion to the veteran, but is also a waste of taxpayer-funded time and money. I am looking forward to hearing how well VA and DOL are working together for the good of the veteran and how the role of the Veterans Employment Coordinators under VA differs from the role of DOLs, DVOPS and LVERs.    One of the great things about VR&E is that it is such an individualized program and is designed to cater to each veteran, but with that comes the difficult task of truly measuring outcomes and rehabilitation rates as well as ensuring consistency of services provided nationally by all VR&E counselors.    I know over the years VA has tried unsuccessfully to track long-term outcome measures that show true success, and I look forward to learning more about VR&E's progress in rolling out their new performance metrics that they have been in the process of implementing. I do want to ensure that these new performance metrics don't negatively impact the counselor's ability to provide quality services to veterans.    Finally, I want to examine VR&E's IT system and the progress they are making towards the much needed upgrade to move to a paperless system. Last month, this subcommittee favorably reported my bill, H.R. 2344 as amended, which would, among many important reforms, authorize funding to update VR&E's corporate IT system, called CWINRS, to improve oversight and tracking of taxpayer resources and the outcomes of VR&E participants. Although VA has said that they have already allocated money to make these upgrades, we have seen in the past that this money can easily be reallocated to other priorities, and my bill would ensure that this does not happen again.    I do look forward to hearing about any progress the Department has already made in its efforts to move to a paperless and streamlined system, as well as how they are working with their VSO partners to ensure that they are also able to access the system in the future.    I am sure we can all agree that this program has the ability to greatly improve the lives of veterans but that more work still needs to be done so that we fulfill our promise to every eligible veteran. Hopefully, this hearing today will be yet another positive step forward in continuing to make these needed improvements.    With that, I recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Takano, for his opening remarks.    Dr. Wenstrup. I thank the ranking member.    I now invite our first panel to the table. Joining us today is Mr. Paul Varela, Assistant National Legislative Director for the Disabled American Veterans; Ms. Heather Ansley, associate general counsel for Corporate and Government Relations for Paralyzed Veterans of America; and Mr. Ross Meglathery, director of VetsFirst, a program of the United Spinal Association.    All of your complete written statements will be made part of the hearing record, and each of you will be recognized for 5 minutes for your oral statement. Let's begin with Mr. Varela. You are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Varela.    Ms. Ansley, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you, Ms. Ansley.    And, finally, Mr. Meglathery, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. I want to thank each of you on the panel today for your testimonies. I will now yield myself 5 minutes for questions.    And really I want to discuss something that both Mr. Varela and Mr. Meglathery brought up very explicitly, which was the 12-year limit on access to VR&E services. And as you probably know, last session the House voted to eliminate that and to extend it, but it wasn't taken up further. But my question today is, are you having a difficult time for those seeking waivers, because there are several ways to get a waiver for that? And I am wondering if you are keeping any type of statistics on those that are denied a waiver or what the process is like for you as you are helping those that seek a waiver. Mr. Varela.    Dr. Wenstrup. And I would agree with you, going through more paperwork is not fun for anybody, but I was just curious. Do you have any comment on that, Mr. Meglathery.    Dr. Wenstrup. And I think it would be helpful for all of us, you know, the VA side and your side of the issue, is if you are seeking a waiver, how long is that actually taking, because, as you know, time is often of the essence in these situations.    You know, each of you discussed the need for VR&E counselors to track a veteran's employment and success beyond 60 days, and I agree with that wholeheartedly. I really want to know what your long-term outcomes are and what kind of success you are having or not. I would love to hear from each you to expand on this and provide any recommendations that you may have as far as time period that we may want to put in place and how we can go about tracking the veterans better, because you know it is often difficult to continue to track someone. So any input you have on that, and we will go down the line.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you. Ms. Ansley.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    I now yield 5 minutes to the ranking member, who is recognized.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Ms. Radewagen, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. McNerney, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Costello, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. We will do a second round of questions who has interest here to do that. I appreciate you sticking around for that.    The longitudinal study, by the way, is available, and we can get you access to that, the questions, that were asked. So I am not sure where you got road-blocked, Mr. Varela, but we will get you that access.    And I also appreciate the notion of a roundtable to talk about collaboration, and would like to try and get that on our schedule some time in the fall. The roundtables we have had in the past have been, I think, very productive and a good way to go about discussing some of these issues rather than a hearing in some cases. So just wanted to let you know we are going to try and proceed in those directions.    I do have a question for Ms. Ansley to touch on a little bit about the relationship that you have as a non-profit working with voc rehab, and what are some of the opportunities that exist for other non-profits to try and help veterans and possibly ease some of the caseloads that we have.    Dr. Wenstrup. You are a large organization nationwide. So that--it is to your advantage, I guess, to be able to plug in. So what you are suggesting is it is a little bit more difficult sometimes to make sure the people know about these outside services. Does the VA know that these outside services exist?    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, how did you establish your referral pattern?    Dr. Wenstrup. So in your situation, you made the outreach?    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, thank you very much.    Mr. Takano, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. McNerney, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Rice, you are now recognized.    Dr. Wenstrup. I think all Members of Congress can probably remember their first 60 days in Congress and relate to the challenges of that situation.    But if there are no further questions of panel 1, I now excuse you, and I thank you all very much for being here, and I ask the second and final panel to come to the witness table.    Our second panel, we have Mr. Jack Kammerer, the director of the Vocation Rehabilitation and Employment Service at VA. We also have Mr. Ralph Charlip, deputy assistant secretary for operations and management at DOL's Veterans Employment and Training Service. Welcome to both of you.    Mr. Kammerer, you are now recognized for 5 minutes for your testimony.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Kammerer.    Mr. Charlip, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. I want to thank you both for your testimony. I will now yield myself 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Kammerer, we heard today that the standard ratio for the counselors is 1 to 125, and the budget estimates that it would take 382 full-time employees. Do you think that number is correct to be able to get to that standard?    Dr. Wenstrup. The other part of the question is that the independent budget estimates that it would take 382 full-time employees to reach that 1 to 125. Do you think that is a good estimate?    Dr. Wenstrup. Sure. Also you talk about standards, but there is also best practices and what is actually working. And so my next question comes down to what the staffing looks like for each counselor. How many people do they have working under them? And what are their roles? In other words, we heard from the previous testimonies today that talk about enhancing follow-up through IT, and so my question comes in, what type of role does the staff for each counselor take? Are they doing some of the follow-up? Are they keeping up with the client, if you will? And are they another access point into the counselor office, if you will? What does that look like right now?    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, what does that look like now in numbers? From what you just said, I have no idea if the counselor has 30 people under him or one.    Dr. Wenstrup. We talked about this yesterday in our conversation.    Dr. Wenstrup. Like Lean Six Sigma, and things like that. You said the Secretary understands this type of thing. If it varies from one place to the other, I think we have a problem. And I think that we should be able to come up with what works best, especially in the veteran population. And I would suggest that we task ourselves with that, or I task you with that, if you will. But we need to find that out, what is the best model for staffing? That is how any business would operate. And how do you serve your client the best. Is it one person? Is it three people? Are they assigned with roles or follow-up? I am not getting answers to that today. And I would like to know, really, where we are with that and how we are headed to, truly, evaluate what is the best practice method for that.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Takano, you are a now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Costello, you are now recognized.    Dr. Wenstrup. Ms. Rice, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Wenstrup. A couple of things before we wrap up.    Mr. Charlip, I am not sure you have it right, and I may be wrong, but I don't think that you are able to track if the employment that the veteran has is a direct result of the work from your agency. You may be able to track that they have employment, but whether it was a direct result of the work of your agency or something they did on their own you are not able to track. And that we may want to clarify, and those would be numbers that we would, I think, it is important for us to know as we move forward.    Mr. Kammerer, going back to the counselors. You know, our goal there is to increase productivity and possibly do it as a lesser cost. So there may be certain standards that exist, but we need to evaluate what our standards need to be as far as staffing for each of the counselors.    For example, in our medical practice, I didn't call every one of my post-op patients, but my medical assistant did. And if I needed to intervene, then I got involved. But we used staff to make sure that they were doing okay, and everything was going fine. So those are the types of things that I think we need to look at, because we can have extenders to our counselors, and maybe possibly don't need more counselors, but more extenders for them. And one of the things that we discussed, as we go down the road, and you and I talked about it offline, is what we are doing with IDES, the locations, do we need a full-time person at each location? Can they be part time? Situations like that that we can evaluate and hopefully be more efficient and make sure that we are getting the job done.    But with that, I want to thank you both for your testimony and for answering our questions. You are now excused.    And I thank everyone for your attendance today and the frank and valuable discussion on how to improve the important programs. As I said earlier, this program should be the crown jewel of benefits within the Department. And while great strides have been made by Mr. Kammerer, your staff, and others, progress still needs to be made to give the proper services to our most severely wounded veterans. I look forward to continuing to work with everyone here today and others to ensure that we reach our goals. Our veterans deserve nothing less.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that all members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend the remarks and include any extraneous material in the record of today's hearing. Hearing no objection, so ordered. If there is nothing further, this hearing is adjourned.