    Ms. Hickey. So, I just wanted to let you know, Congressman, that actually, we are well on target to end the disability rating claims back on the 125 days. We are--right now, we have reduced that backlog from 611,000 down to 214,000--almost 400,000 that are no longer in backlog.    We also have at the same time increased the quality of our claims. Well over 90 percent on the medical issues level and 96 percent on--90 percent claim level, 96 percent at the medical issue level. We will do that. But your question is about the current budget.    The current budget is focused on the appeals, non-rating and fiduciary requirements. Those are all direct results of doing 1.32 million claims.    Ms. Hickey. So Mr. Ranking Member, first of all, one contract. It is a performance-based contract, so we have two large companies that participate in it. And they are rewarded for doing better. So there is a performance competition base there.    Four sites, one of which is in Newnan, Georgia, another in Kentucky, a third in Wisconsin, and a fourth in Iowa. We have successfully scanned more than 1.3 billion images since the start, at 99 percent quality. And that has effectively allowed us to reduce our paper inventory down to a remaining 25,000 claims out of the 477,000 in the inventory.    So we are 95 percent paperless right now. And we do all of our claims works now in the digital environment, minus those 25,000 we are trying to get out. The companies have done a very good job of building quality assurance into this. We have mandated that for the contract. They have four to five layers of quality assurance to ensure the reliability.    But to the point of what happens to the paper? We are paying a lot of money for the contractors to hold the paper while they are waiting on the DOD decision, because these are DOD records. We are working actively with DOD to the Benefits Executive Committee to make that decision. We will be involving our veteran service organizations in that final decision on what is the proper disposition of those records.    I will tell you that I have today, sitting in regional offices across the country, half a million cubic feet of paper we are no longer using or touching. We are waiting on the simple disposition decision on what to do with those paper records. Because we are doing most of our business through the electronic digital environment; in fact, more than a million claims, and more than 2 million rating decisions.    Ms. Hickey. So Congressman, I am going to try to talk a little quieter. I apologize. My good Irish voice carries loud.    So we are working literally right now on a decision with DOD. They are newly incentivized to move faster on this issue, because they are now storing paper from what they are scanning in their central cells for the services to bring us the records across from HAIMS.    So we are literally right now, as we are working, I suspect sometime this year we will have a final decision. When we do, that will, as I expect, require resources to move us into that environment of proper disposition of those records. And that is not in the current budget right now.    Ms. Hickey. So, Congressman, first thing I will ask you as a veteran, if you have your eBenefit account, if you don't, I would like to come over and help you get it. But you don't need me to, because we have built a complete online capability from a veteran at 2:00 in the morning, if you are reading a long bill, and you decide you want to file a claim, you can go online, you can file your claim online.    You can upload your own medical evidence online, and your three-and-one computer, turn it into a PDF and give it to us. You can find out the status of your claim online. And it all goes now into the VBMS system where the digitization has occurred that was spoken about earlier. And the decisions can be projected to you when they come out online.    All that has been built in the last 3 or 4 years while we have been transforming VBA. While I will fly on the airplane while we were building it--sorry, former airmen as well, so I am going to use that analogy. So we have fundamentally changed VBA already, but we are not done yet.    There are a lot of things in this budget that we need to fundamentally change three other parts of a benefit allowance to a veteran. And I will tell you straight up, appeals. Appeals are wired in law, worse than tax code.    There are two opportunities for you to help us with appeals. One is change the law, and there doesn't seem to be a lot of appetite for it. But I have submitted all the legislative proposals.    And the second is you have got to give me a whole lot more people to do that work. I have got no other way to do that better. Law or people, authorizers or appropriators. I don't care. What I care about is veterans getting a better answer.    Ms. Hickey. So I don't know what station Mr. Paul Harvey used to talk about. But there is a much bigger rest of the story that I would love to be able to present to you.    First of all, the 13,184 pieces of paper they found were duplicate copies of an informal claim. It isn't even a real claim yet. It is a duplicate copy of an informal claim. They were in an old process that used to be done in VBA long before I got here. They used to make copies of things to keep track of them.    And so those were the 13,184 pieces of paper put in the drawer. At the same time, those same 13,184 veterans came in with their formal original claim. We worked those all as they were coming in. They were not set aside.    Those 13,000 copies were sitting in a drawer. The originals were being worked by the employees, the hardworking employees in the Oakland Regional Office, or as you well know, because we have talked about this, many other hardworking employees across the nation who we brokered out, or sent out that work. So no, no veteran was waiting on those 13,184 while they were sitting in a drawer. That was a copy.    Second thing I would share with you is we did not misplace any of those 13,184. They were in that drawer. We brought in--we actually, by the way, discovered, because I sent in a help team to help Oakland. And when we found them, the employee did exactly the right thing; raise the issue and said, ``There are 13,184 in there. We need to do something.''    They told us about it. I called the I.G. and said, ``Full transparency. I want you to get in there and make sure what is going on with those 13,184,'' and they did.    We set up special teams that took every one of those copies against the original file that we work--we had already worked. And we matched every single one twice, a full 100 percent review of every single one against those copies of those informal claims to make sure we had it right.    At the end of the day, we completed those two complete looks last September, on the 5th of September, and we found in the process of reviewing, there were about 403 to be exact, where we said, ``You know what, we probably could have made a better decision on those 403 claims than we did when we worked them.''    And so we made some adjustments. All of them are complete. None were missing. No malfeasance in that whole effort. No intention to hide anything. We just had those 13,000 copies over there.    That practice has been discontinued. That practice was not a practice by the new director who was out there, who is doing a terrific job. And today, Oakland, by the way, backlog is down 70 percent from when we were visiting when it was so bad in that same 2012-2013 time frame. They are doing much better. Their quality is up substantially. All the investments you helped us do to make them better are seeing good fruit.    Ms. Hickey. I think the I.G. has worked very hard on this. And I really appreciate their effort. They are looking at lots of things with us right now. And I think their point is well taken.    As you well know, we weren't doing a very good records-keeping job during that whole time where we were not in great shape in Oakland. I think that is exactly what they are pointing out to us, and the fact that we had a drawer of copies is still inappropriate, and not good recordkeeping.    We have resolved that. We have fixed that. So I think in this case, the I.G. was right. We shouldn't have had those copies just sitting out there in a drawer somewhere. We should have properly disposed of them when we were complete with the claim.    Ms. Hickey. Of the 13,184, all of them got their claims worked as we received them. When we did the reviews, we found about 400 where we went, ``You know, we could have made a better decision there.'' But that is the 400 I am talking about.    Ms. Hickey. They had received a decision already, and they had received benefits already. We were able to up their benefits.    Ms. Hickey. The only thing else I would add is that I have met now repeatedly with commercial industry experts and chief claims officers from across the nation who do similar work. And when I describe to them the level of quality we have already attained, and then I say to them, ``How would you get further?'', they say to me, the return on investment would be so huge to get further that they actually believe--and when I asked them about their numbers, I am actually ahead of most of them in terms of the quality that they do. They didn't say just have a process on the back side for which--a working appeals process with good law around it--have a process on the back side for which you address those points of disagreement.    I think it is important to also note there is no correlation today between quality and appeal. We have done that study and that analysis. In fact, some of our best stations had the highest number of appeals.    So, what I would tell you is that we are really optimizing the system right now at that 96 percent medical issue quality. Which, by the way, is a 5.5 million issues we have done this year, and will go up again next year. So, we are actually doing pretty well against that at the individual medical issue level.    We have--and I thank you for the resources--significantly improved our training programs, our challenge programs. And we even have sort of remediation now--programs which you assisted us with. We also have consistency studies we are doing every day. We have quality review team people in the regional office who are providing just in time assessment of errors.    We have almost seven or eight layers of quality assurance now that I would actually say probably supersedes what even industry does in this area.