    Mr. Walke. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield and members of the committee. It is good to be back.    My name is John Walke and I am clean air director and senior attorney for the Natural Resources Defense Council, a nonprofit organization of scientists, lawyers and environmental specialists dedicated to protecting public health and the environment.    H.R. 3797, the Satisfying Energy Needs and Satisfying the Environment Act, is a flawed bill that would weaken air pollution standards for waste coal plants and increase dangerous and deadly pollution under two of the most important clean air rules ever adopted for coal-burning power plants. I am not here to dispute or to debate beneficial uses of waste coal to energy production, as Congressman Pallone noted. H.R. 3797 will, however, increase emissions of harmful sulfur dioxide and particulate matter pollution as well as hazardous air pollution in states with coal plants. This will impose additional avoidable health hazards on Americans. My oral testimony will make four basic points.    First, H.R. 3797 picks winners and losers under EPA's signature interstate air pollution program, the cross-state rule. It does so by favoring waste coal power burning--waste coal power burning plants at the expense of all the other in-state power plants that generate electricity with other types of coal or oil. H.R. 3797 even deprives some of these other coal plant operators of valuable economic assets to which they are entitled under current law. This political favoritism upends the neutral performance-based legal system that Congress has maintained for interstate air pollution for 39 years. H.R. 3797 deprives valuable allowances from non-waste coal plant operators that make cleaner decisions. This deters cleaner generation and penalizes other in-state coal burning power plant operators. H.R. 3797 penalizes the coal plant operators that do not burn waste coal by reducing valuable sulfur dioxide allowances that the operator is entitled to hold or trade or sell under current law. This especially harmful element of the bill has the unjustified effect of rewarding dirtier operation by waste coal plants and penalizing less polluting decisions by coal plant operators to switch to natural gas or cease operation. Indeed, were this legislation to become law the bill would create immediate disincentives to repowering coal units to natural gas or shutting down older inefficient units. This is not good public policy.    Second, the bill attacks state rights under the Clean Air Act. The legislation deprives state officials of the flexibility and prerogative to determine from which in-state sources sulfur dioxide reductions are best secured to comply with the cross-state rule and how to achieve those reductions most effectively, equitably, and cost effectively. The legislation would take control away from states to make these basic decisions for the first time in the 39-year history of the Clean Air's program. Remarkably, the bill even goes on to place the U.S. EPA administrator in charge of decisions that the Clean Air Act today reserves to states. If state officials in Pennsylvania or West Virginia, for example, wish to incentivize the waste coal energy industry, they may do so today under current law. State officials may grant more sulfur dioxide allowances to waste coal plant operators from the state's total emission budget under the cross-state rule. There is no need to pass legislation like this to accomplish that. Indeed, the bill would paradoxically deny state officials the flexibility and authority that they enjoy under today's law.    Third, the bill allows unhealthy levels of sulfur dioxide pollution to increase above a state's total budget level, worsening air quality in upwind and downwind states. Due to a fatal flaw in the bill discussed in my written testimony, there is no constraint in the real world on the sulfur dioxide emissions exceeding a state's overall pollution budget. The result would be more pollution in upwind and downwind states.    Fourth and finally, the bill harms Americans' health and air quality by letting waste coal plants emit excessive levels of dangerous hazardous air pollution. It adds an alternative, more lax emission standard for sulfur dioxide emissions to the two more protective standards in the rule already. The EPA has noted that some waste coal plants already are meeting either the rule sulfur dioxide standard or hydrogen chloride standard or both. Others will do so by April of this year after seeking compliance extensions and installing available pollution controls to meet the standards. When waste coal plants owners filed lawsuits challenging the mercury rule, claiming it was ``virtually impossible to meet the acid gas and sulfur dioxide limits,'' the court had little trouble rejecting these arguments unanimously. The judges pointed to evidence showing that eight out of 19 waste coal units with data already could meet the rule's acid gas standard or alternative sulfur dioxide standard. Indeed, the court noted that some of these already compliant plants are among the best performers--let me repeat that--among the best performers in achieving hydrogen chloride reductions among all coal-burning power plants around the country.    Finally, H.R. 3797 would allow higher levels of sulfur dioxide emissions and hazardous air pollution. This outcome is harmful for Americans living in states with these coal plants and harmful to Americans living downwind from these plants.    This too is bad public policy and I urge members of the committee not to approve the bill. Thank you.    Mr. Walke. Sure. The Clean Air Act's air toxic program requires the EPA to look at the best performers in reducing toxic air pollution. EPA did so for coal electric plants and found that waste coal plants were among the very best in the country among all coal plants including those that burned bituminous, lignite and otherwise and reducing the HCL emissions that are the subject of this bill and this hearing.    The executive branch has found those emissions can be controlled. The judicial branch has found the same thing. State officials have found the same thing and plant operators are meeting the standards with equipment that is running today.    Mr. Walke. That's correct, sir. And if I just may add some important context to a discussion that just occurred, the federal court in 2003 that struck down the BRICK standard found that the Bush administration had adopted illegally weak rules that did not reflect what the best performers can do. The rule was overturned following urgings by the Brick Industry Association, the trade group, to adopt those illegal elements in the rule and that's why the courts overturned it.    I agree it is an unfortunate situation but if anything the Bush administration induced these companies to install illegal and inadequate controls and that was overturned in court which is, unfortunately, where we are today.    Mr. Walke. They absolutely did and found them to be among the best performers, a conclusion that was validated by the court and rejecting the same arguments that you are now hearing from the waste coal industry when they were advanced unsuccessfully in a lawsuit.    Mr. Walke. They already do. They allow these plants alone to meet alternative limits of HCL or sulfur dioxide in the air toxics rule and----    Mr. Walke. And I think that's perfectly appropriate as long as they are strict. What this bill does is relax the sulfur dioxide limit.    Another point is really critical. State officials today have the authority to treat these plants differently.    They have the authority to exempt the plants from the cross-state rule. They have chosen not to do so. They have also chosen to give them their fair share of allowances. But that is a decision that can be changed by state officials tomorrow.    Mr. Walke. They were not because the assertions were found to be unfounded.    Mr. Walke. We certainly do not believe so, especially because we are talking about hazardous toxic air pollution and we are talking about pollution control devices that are both available and in use today.    Mr. Walke. That is a strange paradox of the bill. They favor waste coal plants by requiring all other coal-burning plants in a state with waste coal plants to give up quite valuable assets, these sulfur dioxide allowances that can be traded or sold or used at a later time.    So it's a zero sum game and the bill takes it out of the hide of remaining coal plant operators.    Mr. Walke. Sure. I was invited to testify about the SENSE Act. I have some familiarity with the Brick rule and I related some of that.    Mr. Shimkus, I will try my best to answer your questions but I didn't prepare a written testimony.    Mr. Walke. I wasn't disagreeing with those benefits is what I meant to say.    Mr. Walke. And I am not. I have three specific ideas. I am going to use Pennsylvania as an example. The state officials can do today without needing to resort to a lot of the----    Mr. Walke. Congressman Doyle, thank you for your thoughtful question and I did read those very thoughtful comments by the Pennsylvania DEP. Several things that can be done and some of them are actually mentioned in the letter. States today have the authority to differently allocate allowances within the emitters in their state. They can do it to other coal-burning electric utilities. They can do it to non-electric sector. They have the full array of choice about how best to achieve those reductions cost effectively.    So if Pennsylvania wants to incentivize a waste coal energy production, they can do so by reallocating sulfur dioxide allowances within the electric sector. They can do a mix within the electric sector----    Mr. Walke. I did not mean to suggest and maybe I did by using tomorrow that this could be accomplished by midnight tomorrow. Clearly, not. But there are----    Mr. Walke. Yes. Well, I apologize for that impression.    The state has the authority to design their own plan to allocate things differently than the federal model. They have the option not to do that.    Mr. Walke. That's an excellent question. So you actually hit upon some of it yourself. There are plants in West Virginia, for example, that are using waste coal as a secondary fuel that are installing scrubbers and meeting the standard. They will do so by April. There are Pennsylvania plants who have told the state that they will undertake limestone injection in order to satisfy the standard. EPA found that there are scrubbers that can reduce emissions by 96 percent of sulfur dioxide.    The bill, of course, weakens that standard. So there are waste coal plants across the country complying with the standard or that will be complying with the standard with off-the-shelf technology that is available and EPA and the courts have both found that to be the case.    Mr. Walke. Well, the D.C. court upheld EPA's standard in all respects and that finding wasn't challenged by the Supreme Court with respect to the standards themselves and the achievability of the standards and the propriety of the emission limits. The EPA did create a separate subcategory for the lignite coal in your state, Congressman Green, and there are technologies that are more appropriate to lignite. But the court specifically rejected a challenge by the trade association for the waste coal industry and said EPA was correct not to have established a subcategory for waste coal, and then Pennsylvania DEP asked EPA to reconsider that after the failed court challenge.    Mr. Walke. I think that's correct and it is important to note where there is agreement here. I am not arguing that we shouldn't be able to combust this and they are not arguing that they shouldn't have to control emissions. What we are arguing about is whether the standards that have been issued by EPA and upheld by the courts and that are being achieved today and that will be achieved with available technology should be weakened by this bill or allowed to continue.    Mr. Walke. Congressman, thank you.    I don't think so and when the 1990 law was passed----    Mr. Walke. So this clean air program was promoted for----    Mr. Walke. Certainly. Thank you, Congressman.    Let me take those one by one. One thing that hasn't come out yet at this hearing is that one of the reasons waste coal plants are meeting the mercury standard and the particulate matter standard is they qualified for an exemption--a low-emitter exemption where they are not actually--I mean, I guess you could call that meeting the standard but they qualify for a low-emitter exemption, which I think is appropriate.    Other plants have coal waste profiles or controls in place to achieve compliance. It is simply incorrect to suggest that coal waste plants burning any type of coal waste are incapable of achieving either the HCL or the SO<INF>2</INF> standard in the existing MATS rule.    The court rejected that claim. EPA has rejected that claim. What you have here is a case of, you know, if I can say so, special pleading to Congress to try to overturn those findings. We have applications submitted from coal waste operators announcing the controls they are going to install.    We have controls that are going to go into a place by April of this year. We have controls on plants already that are being operated.    So when the D.C. Circuit in its decision heard the full legal arguments from the trade association for waste coal operators and looked at all the evidence they presented and the evidence in the administrative record that EPA had compiled, they squarely rejected those claims in a three to nothing decision and that decision was left untouched by the Supreme Court in that relevant respect.    Mr. Walke. Absolutely. She is just describing the mechanics of the program.    The units that retired that were referred to by one of my fellow witnesses generated valuable allowances that are held by those coal operators and that can be used by those plants or that can be traded.    And yet this bill would take them away. It would do the same for plants that converted to natural gas. There is a very robust market in tradeable allowances that was created by the 1990 law and then continued in other forms and it is just inescapable that the design of this bill would take away those valuable assets from coal plant operators in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and elsewhere and simply transfer them to waste coal operators who want to pollute at higher levels than the law today allows.    Mr. Walke. That is right and I find it a particular paradox for sponsors whose voting records in the past have suggested such strong support for states' rights.    The law today is even handed with respect to the decisions that state officials may make about how to allocate those allowances and states make their own decision.    This disrupts that and for the first time in any interstate legislation I have ever seen takes it away from the states and paradoxically transfers it up to Washington to override the ability of those states to make different allocation decisions. It is just puzzling.    Mr. Walke. No, certainly not. Well, what the SENSE Act does is it establishes these static permanent higher pollution levels for sulfur dioxide available just to waste coal plants and everyone else has to make the accommodating reductions whether that is in your downwind state of New Jersey, Congressman Pallone, or within the State of Pennsylvania itself.    And there is available technology in the form of scrubbers to meet the lower sulfur dioxide limits in the cross-state rule and in the mercury and air toxics rule and you have plants that are either operating that equipment today or installing it.    And so this it is just kind of a raw political transfer from one sector to another after that sector suffered losses in courts when its arguments on the merits were not successful.    Mr. Walke. Well, certainly they are different in the fuel they burn but just as lignite and bituminous and anthracite and other types of facilities are.    What Congress said in 1990 in a law that was actually voted on by Congressman Barton. What they said is that you are supposed to look at the best performers and the best performance and EPA found that waste coal plants met that criteria with respect to the HCL emissions that we are talking about here today.    I don't disagree with my colleague about mercury and particulate matter but that is not what this bill is about. It is about HCL and sulfur dioxide relaxations under the cross-state rule and the mercury rule.    There is available technology to meet those standards and that is really not disputed in the rulemaking record or the judicial record and I haven't seen any testimony today that actually overrides EPA's conclusion that scrubbers can meet 96 percent control reductions that will satisfy these standards and that there are plants today that are meeting those standards sometimes with lime injection being used as well.    But the coal sector has been reducing these forms of pollution for 40 years in this country and that is no different than a boiler that is using what we call waste coal.    Mr. Walke. They absolutely do. That has been the hallmark of the interstate program since its inception in 1977 that they have the first crack and in fact the final crack if they want to take it.    What is really instructive after all this talk that we have been hearing of how much of a burden it is to coal waste plants that should be incentivized, there is not a single state in the country covered by the cross-state rule that departed from the formula that EPA adopted for allocating allowances.    Why is that? Because EPA used a formula that was based upon highly cost effective reductions. And so the power generators in all of those states including states with waste coal plants didn't want that formula disrupted.    Now, the waste coal plant operators did but they did not prevail in Pennsylvania or West Virginia. Their state officials made different decisions. They could change that decision and EPA would approve that change.    Mr. Walke. No, they are not necessary and I read EPA Administrator McCabe's statement and I believe she uses that exact word. They are unnecessary.    If the State of Pennsylvania wants to reallocate allowances along the lines in the SENSE Act and to take them away from in-state coal generators or take them away from manufacturers or whomever they choose they may do so under today's law without any need for this legislation.    Mr. Walke. I am from South Carolina.    Mr. Walke. My interest is in air pollution and this bill concerns coal plants that are----    Mr. Walke. Sure. There is a whole----    Mr. Walke. South Carolina is going to award it without that.    Mr. Walke. Congressman, there are different sizes according to the size of the plant.    Mr. Walke. I don't think an average is possible. I don't know----    Mr. Walke. Congressman, I was invited to testify at this committee.    Mr. Walke. I've only lived in two states my whole life but I am testifying about a field that applies across the country.