    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Chairman Fitzpatrick, and thanks to all of the witnesses today for being here. As previous task force hearings have explored, the use of trade to launder money is nothing new and is most definitely on the rise. Although trade-based money laundering is widely recognized as one of the most common ways terrorist organizations seek funding, it is my hope that this task force continues to explore solutions to an ever-growing problem that often hits too close to home.    When I talk about that, I am talking about my home. As a second generation auto dealer, my industry has not been immune to trade-based money laundering. Through the sale of used cars as well as other legitimate products, terrorist organization have funneled billions of dollars through U.S. markets.    While many high-profile cases have been discussed in prior hearings, criminal organizations will continue to exploit new methods when it comes to laundering money unless strict government oversight enforcement is improved.    It is my belief that this task force has an important role to play in the combating of terrorist financing, and I look forward to hearing from our witnesses on how best to do it, and especially on how my industry can do what they need to do to stop it. So thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Cassara, I think you said that every TPP signatory country should establish a trade transparency unit so that countries can share data and help combat trade fraud. So one of my questions is, how do think other countries involved in TPP would respond to a request like this?    Mr. Williams. You don't think it would be a deal-breaker?    Mr. Williams. Okay. Good.    Mr. Mesko, in your testimony you talked about an example of trade-based money laundering that I stated earlier, which is personal to me. In fact, I have had the pleasure of discussing this case in great detail with your colleague, David Asher, who has also testified before this task force. I guess what struck me most from the conversation I had with Mr. Asher was that--and some of the comments you have made today, is how obvious the entire scheme was, or seemed to be.    For example, Dr. Asher showed me aerial shots of what they were bringing the used cars in, and how over a short period of time, they grew larger and larger. As you stated in October of last year, another company was sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury for alleged participation in the same trade-based money laundering scheme identified in 2011, involving used cars. That is almost 4 years after the original scheme was discovered. The scheme seemed to go on for years and years without any action being taken. So one of my questions is, is that normal? Is it routine for the names to change and businesses to go on operating?    Mr. Williams. Is the U.S. Government not providing adequate resources? What would you--    Mr. Williams. Is it all about resources, or does Congress need to give more authority in this space?    Mr. Williams. Just quickly, we have heard lots of numbers. What is the number on used-car sales that we are sending back and forth? What would that number be? A million dollars?    Mr. Williams. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.