    Mr. Rogers. Good afternoon. I want to welcome everybody to the Strategic Forces Subcommittee hearing on assured access to space. We will be conducting two panels today.    In the first panel, we have two expert witnesses from industry who represent our current and projected near-term providers of national security space launch in the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program.    In our second panel, we have three senior government officials who have responsibilities over EELV program and one advisor to the government.    Testifying on Panel 1 is Mr. Tory Bruno, President and CEO of United Launch Alliance , and Ms. Gwynne Shotwell, President and Chief Operating Officer of Space Exploration Technologies Corporation .    We appreciate you both taking the time to be here today and offer your perspectives, including the challenges and opportunities related to our national security space launch activities.    In this job as chairman of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, I have come to more fully appreciate the importance of our space to our country. It is one of the underpinnings of our national security.    Let me provide an example. If a foreign adversary was to launch an intercontinental ballistic missile at our country, our military would rapidly detect this missile launch through our Space-Based Infrared System satellites, and the information would be provided to our highest national command authorities to appropriately respond.    Such response would almost certainly be transmitted across space-based communications satellites to combatant commanders all over the world, who would order our military forces to take action, and those troops would rely on space-based intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities and communication capabilities to perform their mission and return home safely.    These are extremely important capabilities that American lives may literally depend upon. We can't have space capabilities like this without an effective launch program. This is literally rocket science. So, one of my top priorities in this job is to make sure that we have assured access to space both now and in the future.    We have come a long way since the late 1990s, when we went through a span of 10 months and suffered five launch vehicle failures. Since 2006, we have benefitted from an unparalleled record of success through the Air Force partnership with United Launch Alliance with 78 successful launches in the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program.    Most recently this partnership has also brought tremendous savings to the taxpayers, $4.4 billion, according to the Air Force, as a result of a 36-rocket core block-buy contract.    Now we are once again entering into a new phase for the EELV. We are transitioning to a more competitive environment. Many steps have been taken by the government, including Congress and the Department of Defense, to encourage this.    Congress provided funding that was dedicated to new entrants for the two launches. SpaceX was awarded both of those contracts. And the Air Force has spent nearly $60 million and allocated more than 100 government employees to help certify SpaceX for the EELV program, which it may do in the near months ahead.    We look forward to competition in the EELV program because that will achieve the best outcome for the benefit of our taxpayers and our warfighters.    Lastly, it is extremely important that we work to transition off relying on Russian engines for national security launch purposes. The intention of the fiscal year 2015 NDAA was to provide a reasonable transition. Section 1608 language regarding prohibition of procuring Russian rocket engines included specific exceptions and waivers.    We intended to allow the use of the Russian engines that we understood to be on contract through the period of time that we believed would allow for the development of the new U.S. engine. My understanding is the Department of Defense may not be interpreting it the same way. This remains an issue that we look forward to understanding better today.    Regarding the development of a new engine, I understand this will take time. But I believe in our U.S. history, and I believe that once the men and women in the Department of Defense have the red tape eliminated, we can do this expediently, effectively, and efficiently. We should take the lowest risk approach that is in accordance with the terms of section 1604 of the fiscal year 2015 NDAA.    Thank you again for being with us today regarding this important topic. I look forward to your testimony.    I now recognize my friend and colleague from Tennessee, Mr. Cooper, for an opening statement.    Mr. Rogers. Without objection.    Mr. Rogers. However, I have read his opening statement, and I fully concur with it. I could not have said it better. As he reminds me often, I couldn't say it better.    But having said that, now I recognize Panel Number 1, Mr. Bruno and Ms. Shotwell. The witnesses are asked to summarize their prepared statements for the record. The entire statement will be submitted, but you have 5 minutes to summarize.    Mr. Bruno, we will start with you.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you very much.    Ms. Shotwell, thank you very much for being here. You are recognized.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you, both.    Again, I know it takes a lot of time to prepare for these things. So I appreciate you all putting the time in and being here. This is a very important subject.    But let me start with a little housekeeping.    Ms. Shotwell, I understand that you requested an extension to fully respond to the requirement of the disclosure of contracts with foreign governments as required under House rules.    Do I have your commitment to provide the required disclosure, which is posted publicly per House rules, no later than 7 days after the March hearing? To be clear, that would be the close of business on the 24th of March.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you.    Okay. Next off, quick question for both of you.    Do you have any concerns, from your perspective, of allowing this committee to have access to the terms of the recent settlement agreement regarding SpaceX's lawsuit against the U.S. Government?    Mr. Rogers. About us having access to the terms of that agreement.    Mr. Rogers. I understand that the Court is saying that it is a secret settlement. I want to know if you all would object if the Court let us see that.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Bruno?    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, both.    New topic. Ms. Shotwell, tell us why it is important to have competition for the EELV vehicle program.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Bruno, same question.    Mr. Rogers. Ms. Shotwell, how do you feel about competing against ULA? Do you think that SpaceX can win a free and fair competition with ULA?    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Bruno, how do you feel about competing against SpaceX? Do you think you can win a free and fair competition?    Mr. Rogers. All right. All right. So we both agree.    Mr. Bruno, what is the impact of section 1608 from the fiscal year 2015 NDA based on the most current interpretation of DOD (Department of Defense]?    Mr. Rogers. What will that mean for your ability to compete? Because you all both really want to compete with each other. I just heard you say it.    Mr. Rogers. To provide another perspective, Ms. Katrina McFarland, who is testifying on the second panel today, offered the Department of Defense her view of the statement for the record: ``Even assuming a new entrant is certified in the near term''--which we expect you to be--``the Department is concerned that, with the loss of the Atlas V and the medium- to intermediate-class Delta IV vehicle, we could be faced with a multi-year gap without at least two price competitive launch providers servicing medium- to intermediate-class missions.''    Ms. Shotwell, the Department is saying we may be faced with this multi-year gap in competition. Do you still agree that competition is important?    Mr. Rogers. But do you think the Delta single can compete with SpaceX on price?    Mr. Rogers. That is interesting.    Do you want to respond to that?    Mr. Rogers. Before I stop, I want to go to what Ms. McFarland just described as this potential gap of time when we won't have access, particularly on the heavy-lift, because I understand that SpaceX is close to being certified on these medium- and intermediate-range missions, but you still have a way before you test on the heavy-lift.    And Mr. Bruno was saying, without the RD-180, he would not be able to continue to compete for the intermediate- and medium-range missions, which could then jeopardize his ability to maintain the Delta Heavy.    And I will start with you, Ms. Shotwell.    Do you agree that there is the potential, as outlined by Ms. McFarland, that there could be a multi-year period where we would not have assured access to space for the heavy NRO platforms?    Mr. Rogers. Exactly.    And Mr. Bruno has made the statement that, without the Atlas, which is his workhorse mission, that needs the RD-180, he would not be able to maintain the infrastructure that supports the heavy-lift, Delta IV, which only lifts about once every 2 years, and would make it cost-prohibitive; so, it wouldn't be in the market. Now this is his argument, not mine.    Do you agree that that could create the potential that we would not have heavy-lift capability for the NRO platforms for a 2- to 5-year period, as Ms. McFarland from the DOD has said?    Mr. Rogers. With that, thank you very much.    I yield to the ranking member for any questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the ranking member.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Utah, Mr. Bishop, for any questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Takai for 5 minutes for any questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. The gentleman's time is expired.    I thank the gentlelady for her answer.    Now that Mr. Lamborn is back, he is recognized for 5 minutes for the next series of questions.    Mr. Rogers. The gentleman's time is expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from California, Ms. Sanchez, for 5 minutes for any questions she may have.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentlelady.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Brooks, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman Mr. Bridenstine for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    I just want to ask some cleanup questions and then we will dismiss this panel. And trust me, I can keep you all here for 2 hours talking about the stuff on my mind.    You just mentioned that you would keep the Delta Heavy in place, as long as--that the NRO requires or the government requires. But you have also said publicly, and I would to go back to the RD-180 and the problems it generates, that if we don't fix the 1608 language problem in the NDAA 2015 budget, that you may not be able to compete for some of the missions upcoming and then the Delta program may go away. Is that accurate?    Mr. Rogers. All right. And before I go any further, let me ask Ms. Shotwell this: He has already talked about getting rid of the Delta IV. If he were to stop the Delta IV, are there any missions that it carries out that you could not carry out?    Mr. Rogers. Anything that the Delta IV does.    Mr. Rogers. Well, my point is, so we would go from him having a monopoly to you having a monopoly if he stops with Delta IV. Is there anyone else to compete with you for those missions?    Mr. Rogers. That is not my question. One thing at a time. If he stops the Delta IV rocket launches, is there anybody else that can--and you have already said you can do anything it can do, is there anybody else that can compete with you for those missions?    Mr. Rogers. No, I am just saying--forget the Atlas. Let's say the Atlas is gone. I am fixing to go there with him. If the Delta IV is no longer making launches, and you have already said you can do anything it can do, is there anybody else in the marketplace that could compete with you for the mission work that it would leave?    Mr. Rogers. Who?    Mr. Rogers. And you think that they would be competing for those launches?    Mr. Rogers. I don't think so either, that is my point. You would have a monopoly is where I am going with this, and I just want you to acknowledge it. You would have a monopoly on that work. But, now I am going to leave you and go back to him.    If this RD-180 problem is not solved, which I hope we are going to solve this year, you have made a statement that you may not be able to compete and the Atlas program would go away; is that right?    Mr. Rogers. So, you have already said that the Delta IV is going away in 2018. You are saying that we could lose the Atlas, but you promised you will never let the Delta IV Heavy go away as long as the NRO needs it. Now, if those two things happen that I just described, that we lose the Delta IV and the Atlas program goes away, how much would it cost for a Delta IV to lift, heavy-lift launch?    Mr. Rogers. What does it cost now?    Mr. Rogers. What would it cost if you no longer have the other infrastructure?    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Is that an acceptable number, do you think?    Mr. Rogers. Do you think that we would ever pay you that much money to launch?    Mr. Rogers. I think you are correct.    Now, let me go to you. You do not have the heavy-lift capability right now; is that correct?    Mr. Rogers. And let me get you on this now.    Mr. Rogers. I love your optimism, but you said in April of 2014, quote, ``We will launch the Falcon Heavy from here--from this pad--early next year.'' We are in early next year; in fact, we are at the end of early next year. When do you think you will be able to test that Heavy Falcon lift--the Falcon Heavy lift?    Mr. Rogers. No, we are all about you right now. I want to hear this.    Mr. Rogers. Yeah. Well I just want you to understand--and I am not picking on you, because, Blue Origin has got all kind of optimistic promises out there, as does Aerojet--is that the name of them?--Aerojet Rocketdyne. But here is another thing that Elon Musk said in April of 2011, quote, ``First launch from our Cape Canaveral launch complex is planned for late 2013 or 2014.''    So, you all have made statements before about having this heavy-launch capability before now and it hadn't happened yet. You said earlier today that you think you are going to have this launch later this year and be certified by 2018; is that correct?    Mr. Rogers. That is very optimistic. Would you agree that the certification process historically has been a 2- to 3-year process?    Mr. Rogers. For the Heavy, the Falcon Heavy?    Mr. Rogers. You are optimistic. I hope you hang around for the next panel, because have you heard of the Mitchell Commission? They have a much more dim view of the timeline. And I say all this because I am not picking on either one of you, but I am very concerned, about this possible window, that we don't have heavy-lift capability. I just am. We are at war right now, and as you may look around, the world is getting a lot more dangerous. We don't know what is about to happen. We have to have these NRO platforms up in the air. And we can't pay you $1 billion to do it. So, we can't let that happen.    And, I can't wait for you to be certified on your intermediate launches as well as your heavy-lift launches. And frankly, I hope you get another company in there competing with you all. But, I just want you to understand from our perspective, we are going to keep some kind of heavy-lift capacity until you are certified, going on. That is in our Nation's interest. You may not like the fact that we are going to try to figure out a way to keep his Atlas launches going so that we can keep the cost down for those heavy launches, but I think it is in our Nation's interest. So, please, hurry and get that Falcon 9 Heavy working and certified, and I will be a happy camper.    Last thing I want to ask and then I will shut up. But I tell you, I may try to arrange a meeting with Mr. Cooper, a sit down with the two of you all, in a room and talk about some of these things when we have got more time.    But the last thing I did want to ask, because this concerns me, and that is, Ms. Shotwell, does your company oppose Defense Contract Audit Agency standards as well as providing the necessary detailed costs in processing information to government oversight?    Mr. Rogers. So, as we go forward and you compete for government launches, you have got no problem with these DCAA audits?    Mr. Rogers. That is what I wanted to hear.    Mr. Rogers. Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee for much smarter questions.    Mr. Rogers. I do too.    Thank you all very much. This has been enlightening. And I do hope you will hang around for this next panel because it is going to be an important part of this process as well. So with that, this panel is dismissed and I call up the second panel.    I would now like to welcome our expert witnesses for the second panel. Thank you all for coming to testify today and be with us. We have the Honorable Katrina McFarland, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition; Dr. William LaPlante--apparently you must not be honorable. Nobody put that in front of your name. I am just joking. You are a very honorable man--Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition; we also have General John Hyten, Commander of U.S. Air Force Space Command; and Major General ``Mitch'' Mitchell, United States Air Force, retired. General Mitchell is representing himself today, but he was the chair of the Air Force chartered study to risk mitigation for the EELV program concerning U.S. reliance on the Russian RD-180 engine.    And I would also like to recognize a special guest with us today. General, it is clear that you have got somebody with us that is much better than you.    General Hyten. That is for sure.    Mr. Rogers. You married up, brother. But you brought the big guns with you. If you get in trouble, I will just ask her what the answer is.    General Hyten. She is much smarter than me too.    Mr. Rogers. All right. So, Ms. McFarland, I will start with you. Your entire statements will be submitted for the record. If you could take 3 minutes to kind of summarize it, and we are going to do the same thing for all of you, 3 minutes each and then we will get into the Q and A and hopefully some more discussion type of an environment.    But anyway, Ms. McFarland, you are recognized for 3 minutes to summarize your statement.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. LaPlante is recognized.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you. General Hyten, you are recognized for 3 minutes.    General Hyten. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you Ranking Member Cooper, members of the committee. This really is an important subject. And I very much appreciate as a commander of Air Force Space Command that you allow us to come here today and talk about this problem. Because, it is a risk decision that we have to figure out as we go through. So, on behalf of the 38,000 men and women of Air Force Space Command deployed in 134 locations around the globe right now, I really thank you for this opportunity.    So, as the commander of Space Command, I have three priorities for our space-lift mission. The first priority and most important is to maintain assured access to space from at least two U.S.-based transportation vehicle families who can reliably launch national security payloads.    So, in my 34 years in the Air Force, I have twice experienced periods where our military lost assured access to space. The first was in January 1986 with the loss of the space shuttle Challenger. Because the shuttle was used for military satellite launches, we not only lost the lives of seven great Americans, but we lost our Nation's access to space at the same time. That impact was significant. It caused gaps, but it was limited because space was just becoming part of our military infrastructure at the time.    The second time it happened was in the late 1990s, when we had a string of launch failures caused by our lack of focus on mission assurance and basic engineering principles, that culminated in the failure of three huge Titan IVs: One with a DSP missile warning satellite, one with a Milstar-protected satellite communications system, and one with a National Reconnaissance satellite.    Each of these failures cost this Nation over $1 billion, but more importantly, it denied our Nation critical warfighting capabilities that would be important as we approached 9/11. Today space is fundamental to every military operation on this planet, from humanitarian to full-combat operations and the loss of assured access to space would be extremely damaging to national security. That is why it is my highest priority and it is the prime directive for my command.    The next priority is to insert competition into the launch business. There is no doubt that new entrants have the potential to improve assured access to space as well as drive down costs. That is important, but it has to be conducted in context with assured access to space.    The next priority is move as fast as we can to get away from rocket engines not built by the United States. Specifically, getting off the Russian RD-180 from the Atlas V. I fundamentally believe that every American rocket should be powered by an American engine. It is really that simple. So, keeping in mind the prime directive of assured access, the production of a new engine must be in partnership with industry to assure we have a rocket, or ideally rockets, which will be able to fly with any engine that we build. Right now, this is a concern of mine.    But my biggest concern in this new competitive environment with the future, and I thought the previous panel did a great job talking about that, is what happens when, God forbid, we have a launch failure and we must shut down a rocket for a year or two. With multiple companies operating under tight margins, how does the company that experienced that launch failure stay in business without the revenue stream that you heard talked about so much from a vigorous launch campaign?    Who makes the decision when we return to fly? Who makes the decision to put another $1 billion satellite on top of that? Who makes the decision that we have to have assured access to space and there we are going to do those things? The story of ELC is actually part of that story, and I will be glad to address that in questions, but all of these are difficult questions.    So, Mr. Chairman, I thank you for your support.    Ranking Member Cooper, I thank you for your support, and I look forward to your questions as we go forward.    Mr. Rogers. Thank the gentleman. General, you are recognized.    General Mitchell. Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and members of the committee, thank you very much and good evening. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss assured access to space, a critical component of our national security.    I chaired the RD-180 mitigation study last March and April. I testified on Congress, provided copies of the report. I would only say that the major recommendation from that was that the Nation should have the capability to have liquid hydrogen, solid rocket motors, and hydrocarbon propulsion systems available to rocket designers to optimize the designs, and that is still valid today.    The EELV program has been very successful. It was designed to meet the DOD national security space requirements and has done so remarkably well. The family of launch systems has met all the requirements documented in the key performance parameters of the 1998 operational requirements document.    That being said, as has been discussed today, the program is the midst of a major restructure, if not properly resourced and carefully thought out, will add significant risk to assured access to space for national security, particularly, launches in the 2018 to 2022 timeframe. That may not result in a competitive environment, as has been discussed earlier. Depending on the interpretation of the RD-180 restrictive language, it could actually affect the 2015 to 2017 Phase A1 procurements that the Air Force plans, because we will be in a sole-source position as early as 2016.    If success orientated schedules for the contractors and the government are not met, the 2018 EELV program will look like the following: No Delta IVs, except the Delta IV Heavy at an extraordinary cost; no Atlas Vs; no certified Falcon 9 Heavy, that is yet to be submitted for that certification process to begin; no Next Generation Launch System yet, as Mr. Bruno said, it won't be on until 2022 or 2023.    Only Falcon 9, version 1.1, which launches the lower end of the mission model, and the Delta IV Heavy would be available for national security missions. The result would be that national security flying on the Atlas V, that are currently in that middle range, would have to fly on a Delta IV Heavy or they would have to wait for either NGLS or SpaceX Falcon 9 Heavy to show up. That would be an untenable situation.    This potential 2018 program would result in two monopolies, one for the heavy mission, ULA, one for everything else, SpaceX. Obviously, this is not the desired end state for competition, but is certainly a plausible outcome based on the risk profiles. The only way to preserve competition and avoid this situation is to allow the use of RD-180 engines until a transition plan to new launch system is defined and adequately resourced.    I recommend a plan be put in place led by the Air Force to do that. And I will close with a comment from a colleague of mine who said, ``Currently, no stakeholder has a credible plan that closes. Each stakeholder has a different endgame solution, and each stakeholder's current non-closing game plan has `and then a miracle happens' as the last element of the plan. And all of those miracles are different.''    I appreciate the opportunity to discuss this and look forward to your questions.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you. All of you made reference to the importance that we clean up this 1608 language problem, and you just heard General Mitchell made a real sense of urgency about it.    So, I want to start with this: You heard earlier--we heard Mr. Bruno, in the earlier panel--I guess all of you listened to the first panel--make references to what will happen if he doesn't get a replacement engine for the RD-180 soon, get that language cleaned up. Well, if he doesn't get a replacement engine or isn't able to use the engines that we have paid for, that could create a potential that we would only have the Delta IV Heavy for the NRO launches that are essential to our national security. Does everybody agree with that?    Record will show everybody said yes.    All right. You heard the eternal optimism of Ms. Shotwell, that she is going to have her Falcon 9 Heavy able to launch later this year and certified by 2018. And let me start with General Mitchell. Do you think that is a realistic timeline?    General Mitchell. Sir, I think when you talk the Falcon 9 Heavy, it is realistic for them to start the process. The question on finishing the process has got a couple aspects to it: One is, do they get enough launches in? And that is determined by them. As they do their statement of intent, they will say whether they are going to do three launches or six launches. There is several options. The process to go through to get certified will then take some time.    Mr. Rogers. But before you go to the certification, let's stay on the launches. They are going to have to prove this technology----    General Mitchell. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers . Which is going to take some launches. You know this business. What is a realistic timeline that you think that that could be done by that company?    General Mitchell. Well, from what I understand, their manifest, they are in the process of building the Falcon 9 Heavy now, the first one. It would be at least a year, year and a half before they could launch all three of those, perhaps 2 years. And that is only one part of those certifications.    Mr. Rogers. And that is if it works?    General Mitchell. Yes, sir. That is success orientated.    Mr. Rogers. There is 27 rockets that is going to be put in there and there is all kind of issues about whether it would work. But let's assume it works. You are saying a year to 2 years before they can test----    General Mitchell. Before the----    Mr. Rogers. No, no, not certification.    General Mitchell. Just the launches.    Mr. Rogers. Just to prove the launches work and all the rockets go in the same direction.    General Mitchell. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers. Which is the desired goal. So now, 18 months from now, they have successfully proven the technology works. How long will the certification process take? Because as I understand it from you, it starts at that point.    General Mitchell. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers. You heard Ms. Shotwell say they have already started the certification process. I don't think you can start the certification process until you prove the technology works.    General Mitchell. Right. So let's be clear, sir. There are some steps in this process. First, there is a statement of intent that says I want to get this rocket certified.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. That is what she started.    General Mitchell. Right. When they put that statement in, then they say how many launches they are going to do, as part of that certification process, and depending on how many launches they do, depends on what depth of technical expertise you apply to look at their design. Then, they do an agreement as to how that certification is going to be done. It takes some time after the statement of intent to negotiate what the rules of engagement are going to be.    Then it takes typically, I would say, because it is a redo of the company, you don't have to go back and look at their quality and a lot of their manufacturing processes, but you do have to look at the product. So, it probably won't take 2 years, but I would be surprised if it took less than 18 months, because a Falcon 9 Heavy is going to have to meet some very stringent requirements, the hardest one being a direct inject to geosynchronous orbit for a 14,500-pound payload that requires a 3-hour coast mission for an upper stage, and that upper stage today does not exist.    So, it is not just getting a heavy. It is getting a heavy that can perform the DOD missions. The first heavies are going to be at experiment. The STP-2 mission, they have got a couple of commercial launches, but none of those launches are going to be as stressful as the heaviest of the DOD requirements.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. So----    General Mitchell. I don't think you are going to get a system certified until 2018 or beyond.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. She, Ms. Shotwell believes that she will have that entire process complete by 2018. Are you saying that is doable?    General Mitchell. They could get there by 2018 if everything is successful.    Mr. Rogers. If everything is successful.    General Mitchell. No earlier than 2018.    Mr. Rogers. Is that optimistic or is it practically realistic?    General Mitchell. I would say it is optimistic, sir.    Mr. Rogers. What do you think is a realistic timeline, based on your experience with this process, which is extensive?    General Mitchell. If they have no failures of the Falcon Heavy, then they can get there probably in 2 years, 24 months after, so it would be the middle of 2019.    Mr. Rogers. Okay.    General Mitchell. If they have a failure, all bets are off. It depends on what it is and what it means for the redesign and everything else.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. General Hyten, you heard me talk about this new technology and, again, as I said in the previous panel, I want to see this heavy, this Falcon 9 Heavy certified. But this is new, this whole approach of using 27 rockets. Tell me about what your thoughts are on that. How high a confidence level do you have that this new technology is going to work in the test that Ms. Shotwell talked about would be later this year?    General Hyten. I will never deny the ingenuity of SpaceX to pull something off. Because what they have done in the last 4 years is really remarkable, how far they have come.    Mr. Rogers. Right.    General Hyten. So they have the ability to do that. But they are going to strap three Falcon 9s together, each with 9 engines on the bottom, so you will have 27 engines on the bottom to take that heavy capability up. And then they are going to have an upper stage because they are going to have to demonstrate how to get with an upper stage coasting to GEO for a long period of time. That is a very stressful mission. They are going to have to come in to us with a certification proposal.    Mr. Rogers. Have they submitted an intent?    General Hyten. They have not submitted----    Mr. Rogers. So, no process has even been started yet?    General Hyten. Not on the Falcon 9 Heavy, no, sir. And so when they come in, they will tell us, one, three, nine, it won't be nine for a heavy because you will never get to there with nine. But probably one or three and then they are going to have to basically say we will submit the following data, the following design reviews, the following certification process. And if it is one, it is a longer process, if it is only one launch they have done, it is a longer process than it is with three, because we will see more of the multiple launches that go on.    So, I agree with General Mitchell in terms of it is very aggressive to get to 2018, but SpaceX has been amazing in their ability to deliver those capabilities. So, I will not say that it is impossible, but I think 2019 or 2020 is a more likely solution for a heavy capability.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Dr. LaPlante, same question: How realistic is it do you think, we will have an alternative to the Delta IV Heavy, from SpaceX, demonstrated and certified? What is the most realistic timeline, in your mind?    Mr. Rogers. Yeah. So, I am surprised, I thought that based on Ms. Shotwell's testimony, the certification process has already been initiated. But you say that is not accurate?    Mr. Rogers. Let many ask this question: If, in fact, it takes SpaceX, and I understand it is heavy lift, because that is where I am really concerned for our national security interest, if it takes them another 2 to 3 years to successfully test this technology, to the satisfaction of you that it works, and then the certification process takes 18 months, we could be looking at 2020 or 2021 or maybe even 2022 before the final certification process could be done. If everything doesn't go perfectly. Is that an accurate statement?    General Mitchell. Sir, I would only add to that that once it is certified, then you have to be awarded a mission, and it is about 2 years after certification before you would actually launch a mission. Because you have to integrate that payload into it. So, you have got to take the end of certification, then you have to win a competition to actually fly a mission, and then you have to take about 2 years to integrate and make sure that it is going to be a mission success not just----    Mr. Rogers. This is the last thing I will pester you all with, so everybody else gets a chance to ask questions. Is there, in your opinion--and this is for each one of you I am asking another question--a realistic probability that we could have a window of 1 to 3 or more years, where we will not have heavy-launch capacity or access to space in the absence of paying $1 billion or more for a launch, under the landscape, as you see it, laying ahead of us? Ms. McFarland.    Mr. Rogers. Is that an acceptable national security risk, in your opinion?    Mr. Rogers. Dr. LaPlante, same question.    Mr. Rogers. But based on the testimony you have heard from the first panel and the witnesses here in this panel, the circumstance we are facing is not an acceptable national security risk, in your opinion?    Mr. Rogers. General Hyten, same question.    General Hyten. It is not acceptable risk, period.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. General Mitchell.    General Mitchell. I would only add that the Falcon 9 Heavy probably has a better chance of getting there before the NGLS or the Next Generation Launch System, which probably isn't going to, as Mr. Bruno said, be launching until 2022 or 2023. I think you will see a Falcon 9 Heavy launch before then but probably not before 2020.    Mr. Rogers. Ms. McFarland, do you believe that if we fix this 1608 language problem, it would remedy the circumstance that you all just testified was unacceptable?    Mr. Rogers. If the 1608 language was fixed so that we could use those additional 14 RD-180 engines, would it remedy the situation that you just all said was unacceptable?    Mr. Rogers. That is all I want. Thank you very much.    The chair now recognizes the ranking member.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    Chair now recognizes Mr. Lamborn of Colorado for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Gentleman's time has expired.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Coffman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    Chair now recognizes Mr. Bridenstine for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    I just want to close up and get some things on the record. And I do want to pick up on that point though. What you just described is what worries me. And you heard me ask Ms. Shotwell that when the Delta IV goes offline in 2018 isn't she going to have a monopoly--and she didn't want to say it but we all knew the answer--that worries me, because of what you just described. The whole reason that ULA came into existence is Boeing and Lockheed couldn't make the business case to stay in the market so we basically created this partnership so that the national security interests were taken care of.    I love it when billionaires want to spend their own money to do cool things that help the country, but it's still a business. And you just described the very flat marketplace that either SpaceX or Blue Origin or whoever decides they want to pursue that, and then in a few years they go, you know, we are really not making any money. And we can't let this infrastructure go away because we still have national security demands.    So, I don't want it to look like at any time that the government is putting their finger on the scale to help anybody, except the government. And that is to make sure we have the national security infrastructure in place to take care of our security.    But having said that, I want to go back to General Hyten, that you talked about the transition period. You kind of summed up in there, that 2018 to 2022 period, that I was kind of trying to get to in my earlier questioning about this certification process. There is that period where we could have no assured access to space, which every one of you have said for the record, or at least the two of you, let me get you: Is that period of--acceptable to you of not having assured access to space period?    General Hyten. We have to have it every year, every minute. That is critical to our national security.    Mr. Rogers. And General Mitchell, I would say you would agree?    General Mitchell. Yes, sir. As long as you refer to assured access to space in the policy statement that it is two providers. We will be able to have one provider. It is just going to cost more.    Mr. Rogers. Yeah. And do you think we are going to give them $1 billion? With sequestration, it is not an option.    General Mitchell. I agree with you, sir. All I can say is in the Titan era, we were spending about $500 to $550 million a launch in then-year dollars, which was in the 90s. I don't know what that would equate to today, but it is probably 3 quarters of a billion that we were spending back then to launch, and we launched 41 of them.    Mr. Rogers. Yeah. Well, anyway. I think all of you have made it clear that not having assured access to space is not an option from our national security standpoint.    Now, the thing I want to kind of--the last thing I want to touch on is this replacement to the RD-180. And this is more for the record. I know it is late, but this is just such important stuff. My understanding is, there are two companies that are trying to build this engine at present to replace the RD-180, Blue Origin and Aerojet. Am I correct? Is there anybody else that any of you know of that may compete for this?    General Mitchell. I would not refer to it as replacing the RD-180. I would refer to it as----    Mr. Rogers. Building the American version.    General Mitchell . A heavy-lift American-made engine that is an oxygen-rich stage combustion. But they are not really to replace the RD-180. It is not like they are going to throw it under the Atlas body.    Mr. Rogers. That is not the way I understand it. I think it is supposed to be thrown under the Atlas.    General Mitchell. No, sir. The Blue Origin is a methane engine. It can't----    Mr. Rogers. You are getting ahead of me now. The whole point is, as you heard Mr. Bruno testify, he is about to run out of these engines. Even if we fix the 1608, there is going to have to be an American-made engine to replace that mission. Now, you are getting technical in talking about how some of these folks would not be able to build an engine that would fit basically.    General Mitchell. Yes, sir. You are going to have to change the package to whatever the engine is. You build the rocket around the engine. So, just try and, you know, jack up an Atlas, and say, I am going to take an RD-180 out and I am going to put something underneath it. Not going to happen.    Mr. Rogers. Well, you are getting ahead of me. But let me ask this question then: Do you believe--and I will start with you, General Mitchell--that either of those two companies could build an American version of a rocket engine to replace the RD-180 within the next 3 years that would be certifiable that we could use?    General Mitchell. Not within the next 3 years.    Mr. Rogers. How about the next 5 years?    General Mitchell. I would say it is 5 to 7.    Mr. Rogers. Five to seven.    General Mitchell. And I would say that an RD-180 class engine with that kind of thrust they could certainly do. But that is why I segregate from an RD-180 specifically because it is an 875,000-pound thrust engine.    Mr. Rogers. Right.    General Mitchell. So, when you are talking that class of engine, yes, they could build engines to do that but then they have to build a different rocket body to take advantage of those rockets.    Mr. Rogers. And do you think that limited to just those two companies?    General Mitchell. There is nobody out there right now, although----    Mr. Rogers. Nobody else out there doing it?    General Mitchell . Although SpaceX is looking at building a thing called the Raptor engine, which is a million-and-a-half pound thrust, but they are very, very--they are way behind either Blue Origin or the AR-1 at this point in time. So----    Mr. Rogers. And you say, in your opinion, those two companies at best we are looking at a 5- to 7-year timeline before they would be ready to launch something?    General Mitchell. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers. General Hyten, your opinion?    General Hyten. Yes, sir. And I would reference Mr. Bruno's testimony earlier where he said that, even with the AR-1, he is going to have to extend the tank of the first stage of the Atlas V; and with the BE-4, Blue Origin engine, he would have to basically come up with a completely new tank, much larger in diameter because of the physics. So, either way you go with those engines, there is going to be a new rocket that is built around it. But I agree with the timeframe.    Mr. Rogers. Ms. McFarland.    Mr. Rogers. But my question is, do you concur it is a 5- to 7-year timeline?    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Now, let me--and I promise it is my last question. What I would like to see happen, and this is me, and I am not an engineer, I am not a rocket scientist or any of that stuff, but I would like to see us put out an RFP for an American-made engine that is our version of the RD-180 to try to stay in the same technology. Because, while I have heard Mr. Bruno's optimism about this methane that Blue Origin is talking about, it has been talked about for decades and nobody's been able to pull it off.    Now, Jeff Bezos may be able to do it. He is a really smart guy. SpaceX may come up with an option that is different. But, we know the technology, the kerosene-based technology from RD-180 works. So, I want to see us come up with our version of the RD-180, the American-made version, and stay within that same technology realm.    My question is this: Do you think that it is practical for us to put out an RFP to do what I just described and expect market competition to do that? And I would ask Ms. McFarland to respond.    Mr. Rogers. But now, see, you moved away from my premise. The premise of my question is, this American version of the RD-180, which means it would fit the Atlas V. I don't want to build another rocket. That gets us down another pig trail that I don't want to go. I want to launch what we are launching now and not build a new rocket.    So, is it realistic, if we put in an RFP, to ask for the American version of the RD-180 to be built by the same technology that would fit an Atlas V, would we get market competition from the players in the universe that you are familiar with?    And I guess Dr. LaPlante wants to take that.    Mr. Rogers. General Hyten.    General Hyten. So, I will just echo what Dr. LaPlante said. As you look at the future, and you look at where we are moving into engine technology in the future, we also have to look at the law. And the law tells us we want to preserve competition, and we do not want an engine that is only available to one provider. And so, it is essential for us to comply with the law, and it also makes business sense to do it that way, is that we go out and find out what is available on the open market today. And that has got to be the first step. I think that was the intent of Congress in the Authorization Act that was passed, to make sure that we have that capability and that is the process we are going down.    Mr. Rogers. If we did what you just described, we wouldn't have competition because there is only two players in the market, Blue Origin and Aerojet. And Blue Origin is talking about a methane engine. It would never fit the Delta V.    General Hyten. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers. I mean the Atlas V, I am sorry.    General Hyten. Right. Yes. The Atlas V. The Authorization Act specifically says you can't build an engine that is only available for one provider. And so we have to make sure that we are in that. So, we want to look at what Blue Origin can do. We want to look at what they can do, but eventually we are going to have to make that decision. So, what Dr. LaPlante says I agree with completely. Eventually, we are going to have to make that decision.    Mr. Rogers. I am following you now.    General.    General Mitchell. I agree totally. The only thing I would say is, predicting is difficult business, particularly when it is about the future.    Mr. Rogers. Yeah. Thank you.    Chair now recognizes ranking member for any final questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. That means give me the hook.    I would to close with this: We may have some--I know we have some written questions that we may need to submit to you all for the record and not keep you here any longer, and the same thing for our first panelists. Both are still here. So, if we submit written questions to you, we will get them to you within the next 10 days, and I would ask you to try to timely respond to those for the record.    With that, I thank you for your participation. This hearing is adjourned.