    Mrs. Love. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, thank you all for being here. I know everyone is excited about the holiday season. I want to wish you all a Merry Christmas. And also to have such a great group of just so many of you here today, it is just really beneficial to me as a freshman. So, thank you. I have learned a lot today.    I have just a couple of questions. Comptroller Curry, you have previously testified that tailoring is an important tool in the OCC supervisory and regulatory toolbox because, as you have stated, while bank asset size is often a starting point in our assessment of appropriate standards, it is rarely, if ever, the sole determinant. Do you still agree with your statement to that effect?    Mrs. Love. Okay. So when a regional bank with simple trading lending model and minimal interconnectedness grows to $49.9 billion to--in total assets to $50.1 billion in total assets, what new requirements apply to that institution?    Mrs. Love. Okay. So does it make sense to automatically designate that institution, even though it does not engage in trading or other complex operations?    Mrs. Love. I know--    Mrs. Love. Okay. But we just determined that new requirements are applied to that institution. So I am trying to figure out your thoughts on this, and whether that designation--does that actually make sense, in terms of engaging in that type of regulatory--    Mrs. Love. Okay. So what I am trying to say is that the triggers automatically are applied to that institution. They automatically have those new requirements. So I guess what I am asking you is if you think that an institution like that, without just having that automatically trigger, do you think an institution like that realistically threaten the financial stability of the United States?    Mrs. Love. Okay. So wouldn't it make sense to look more closely at some of the banks which are actually similarly situated, and determine whether that designation is more beneficial or burdensome to the community in which they serve?    Mrs. Love. Okay. But right now, it automatically--instead of actually doing the work first to see if that is actually--    Mrs. Love. Okay. Well, I guess that is the point I am making.    Mrs. Love. Okay. If a $50 billion SIFI threshold were raised or eliminated, could the OCC still have the regulatory or supervisory tools that they need, necessary to make sure that all supervised banking organizations are operated in a safe and sound manner?    Mrs. Love. Okay. So you are pretty much saying that you would like to do that work first before it is automatically designated?    Mrs. Love. So would you support that statute being changed?    Mrs. Love. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.