    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Wow.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Well, in that spirit, I want to indicate that one Member of the Committee is inching toward being on Medicare. This is Mr. Kind's birthday.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Keep feeling good. I must start with an apology. I have to leave this hearing after I make my opening statement, because in the wisdom of the leadership of this House, they had two hearings congruently meeting: this Committee, which is supposed to be preparing and preserving--preserving and strengthening Medicare; and the Budget Committee, which is about to write a budget to unwind Medicare as we know it. At the very same time.    I am going to go up there. That is more important, because that may actually happen. This Committee has met on this issue many times before. This is the first committee hearing we have had since November of last year. So you know the Health Subcommittee doesn't really amount to very much in the leadership's mind.    And having this hearing again is like running over the same thing. The core proposal the Republicans have offered to end Medicare as we know it will have devastating effects on seniors, and that is what they are doing up in the Budget Committee. They will shift costs onto beneficiaries, create more losers than winners, and lead to a death spiral to the traditional Medicare program, if it would ever be enacted.    Now, we all know this. We have been through it again and again. It has been rejected over and over again. But we have to have another hearing here today on it. We will hear the same tired arguments, but the people know the truth: Republican proposals fail spectacularly to meet the needs of seniors. And by putting forward these terrible ideas that they are going to put on that budget up there, the Majority is showing how out of step they are with the American people. It is no surprise, I guess, that the results last night are that Mr. Trump, I guess, is going to be the nominee, because everybody is angry. They are angry at government for not responding to the issues.    Now, when the American people wanted a defined benefit--when you are old, what you want is to know what you have. That is how your mind operates. I can tell you, it works. That provides peace of mind and health security to beneficiaries. My colleagues want to give a radical voucher program--give a piece of paper to somebody and say, ``Go find an insurance company that will take care of you and whatever you need,'' not a defined benefit where you know you are going to get it, and--no, you are going to go out there and find out if the insurance company will do it.    Now, the American people want a stronger benefit, one with limited out-of-pocket costs and access to dental and vision. And now hearing coverage. As people live longer, we are going to have more and more problems financing the hearing problems that people have. But instead, what we get are cuts in benefits. When the American people want to preserve coverage, they want to raise the eligibility age. Make it go up to 72 or maybe 80 is when we ought to start Medicare. That is probably the right time. We could save a lot of money that way.    If we are serious about making sure the American Medicare program remains on a strong financial footing, we should be looking for ways to cut the waste and greed and inefficiency in the system, not shifting the cost on to beneficiaries, which is what is happening today.    Prescription drug prices are out of control and the pharmaceutical industry is reaping the benefits. Medicare spent $120 billion on prescription drugs last year. It has been 13 years, 13 years since the Congress sold out to the drug companies by creating Part D and tying the social and health service secretary's ability to negotiate prices. Seniors pay 50 percent more than veterans in this country because the veterans can negotiate prices but Medicare--50 million Americans can't negotiate prices. And we haven't had a single hearing in Congress since that 13-year-ago decision. I have been here on this Committee through that whole period of time, and there is nothing.    We continue to overpay the insurance industry through the Medicare Advantage program. Although ACA reduced these overpayments by $156 billion, we have a lot of work to do to crack down on widespread upcoding and cherry-picking of beneficiaries. And this Committee still has put no effort into scrutinizing the recent insurance industry consolidation, which is unprecedented in scale and threatens to eliminate competition in the Medicare Advantage program.    So, there is a whole series of things we ought to be looking at. And I have sent letters to the Chairman--not Mr. Tiberi, but his predecessor--but nobody wants to have hearings and expose what is going on. Instead, we have these kind of show hearings, and I am sorry, Mr. Chairman, I have to go upstairs.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. And stop you from succeeding.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. You should tell him I am on my way.