    Dr. COHEN. Thank you very much for having me here today, Chairman Brady, Ranking Member McDermott, Members of the Subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan Program, or the CO-OP Program.    CMS takes its commitment to CO-OP consumers and taxpayers very seriously. A priority is to make sure that consumers have access to quality, affordable coverage. In the year since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, we have seen increased competition and more choices for consumers.    In today's dynamic market, consumers can choose from, on average, 50 plans and five issuers for 2016 coverage. Nearly nine out of ten returning consumers will have three or more issuers to choose from, which research has shown typically intensifies price competition in the market.    New entrants to any market, especially the insurance market, can face pressures, particularly in the early stages. CO-OPs enter the health insurance market with a number of challenges, including building a new provider network, no previous claims experience on which to base pricing, and competition from large, experienced issuers, as well as uncertainty that accompanies the early years of the health insurance marketplace.    As with any new set of business ventures, some CO-OPs have succeeded while others have encountered more challenges. There have been successful CO-OPs which have provided consumers in their State an additional choice of health insurance and improved competition, and there have also been CO-OPs that for a number of reasons have faced technical, operational, or financial difficulties.    In addition, Congress has made a number of substantial rescissions to the initial $6 billion in funding for the CO-OPs, impacting the program's operation and available funding.    In the face of multiple pressures, it is not surprising that some new entrants have struggled to succeed. CMS plays a dual role to the CO-OP Program, providing both oversight and support. CMS works to give CO-OPs tools to succeed, including sharing best practices among CO-OPs and looking for additional regulatory flexibilities.    At the request of the CO-OPs, CMS has approved conversion of surplus notes, and we have provided and approved the infusion of outside capital and additional flexibilities that the legal and regulatory framework of the CO-OP Program allows.    CMS also plays an important oversight role. CMS along with State Departments of Insurance, which serve as a primary regulator of the insurance in States, works to ensure that CO-OPs are well run and financially sound.    CMS has implemented the CO-OP Program as required by statute and with available funds evaluating applications, monitoring financial performance, and conducting oversight. All CO-OPs are subject to standardized, ongoing program oversight activities that include calls to monitor goals and challenges, periodic on-site visits, performance and financial auditing, reporting obligations, and a host of additional measures employed as necessary on a case specific basis such that the evaluation of CO-OPs' sustainability.    CMS increased the financial and data reporting requirements for CO-OPs, requiring them to provide quarterly statements that they are in compliance with all relevant State licensure requirements. If the CO-OPs have experienced any compliance issues with State regulators, the CO-OP is required to describe the steps being taken to resolve those issues.    Financial data collection has helped CMS to identify CO-OPs with financial issues and gives CMS the opportunity work with State insurance regulators to help correct those issues that are identified.    As part of our oversight efforts, CMS has placed some CO-OPs on enhanced oversight schedules or corrective action plans.    Despite the support and oversight, some of these new entrants to the insurance market have struggled to succeed. When States and CMS determine that a CO-OP should wind down, our first responsibility is to make sure current policy holders are able to retain coverage through the end of the year. CMS' priority is to make sure that the consumers have access to quality, affordable coverage. We are working with local officials to do everything possible to make sure consumers stay covered and retain access to high quality choices and issuers.    Like other consumers, affected CO-OP enrollees are able to shop for 2016 coverage on the marketplace right now. In 2016, nearly eight in ten returning marketplace consumers will be able to buy a plan with premiums for less than $10 a month after tax credits.    We continue to encourage those consumers already enrolled in marketplace coverage to come back to the marketplace, update their information, compare their options, and make sure they are enrolled in the plan that best meets their needs.    Since the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, CMS has worked to increase access to quality, affordable coverage through the marketplace, while being responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars.    The CO-OP Program was designed to give consumers more choice, promote competition, and improve quality of health insurance market as it has done so in a number of States. CMS will continue to work closely with the CO-OPs and State Departments of Insurance to provide the best outcome for consumers.    We appreciate the subcommittee's interest in this topic, and I am happy to answer your questions.    Dr. COHEN. That is correct. As you know, we have wanted to make sure that we are being good stewards----    Dr. COHEN . Of taxpayer dollars and wanting to be more conservative in these first few years.    Dr. COHEN. That is accurate.    Dr. COHEN. So yes, and it's an accounting mechanism to create a liability into an asset, yes.    Dr. COHEN. The idea, again, yes, is to improve its capital position.    Dr. COHEN. Yes, that is accurate, and that is why we were careful to make sure we did this in coordination with the State Departments of Insurance. I think we share the concerns that you are articulating, and that is why we wanted to make sure the State regulators, who are the primary regulators in this space, were supportive of this conversion.    And so we would evaluate each one of these individually. They were based on the particular circumstances of that individual CO-OP. They had to request that from us, and we did not move forward unless the State Department of Insurance also thought that it was a wise move to move forward as well.    Dr. COHEN. Right. Chairman, I appreciate the question. There are questions we made sure to ask ourselves, some tough questions, about is this the right thing for any one of these individual CO-OPs to make sure that improving their capital position with this conversion was the right thing, to make sure, again, our primary responsibility and our primary job is to make sure that the consumers of any one of these CO-OPs are protected. That is why each one of these went under individual scrutiny before we would make that decision, and we did it in coordination with the State Departments of Insurance.    And, again, there are a number of factors that went into that, and this is only one small slice of what would be their capitalized assets, but again, that is why we looked at each individual situation to understand whether or not it made sense for that CO-OP, that in coordination with the State Department of Insurance.    Dr. COHEN. Thank you, Chairman.    Dr. COHEN. That is correct. We started with, when the Affordable Care Act was passed, with around $6 billion. We have awarded about $2.5 billion, which is the remaining money which was left for the program after rescissions.    Dr. COHEN. That is correct.    Dr. COHEN. It is true. In the first years of the marketplace there was a lot of uncertainty about the risk pool for any one of these CO-OPs. That is correct. So they had quite a challenge in terms of setting prices because they did not know exactly who their population would be that they would be covering.    They were also building new provider networks and trying to arrange those contracts, obviously starting all of their back ends. So a lot of work to be done to start a new insurance company in this space.    Dr. COHEN. That is correct.    Dr. COHEN. That is right. For the marketplace we have three risk mitigation programs, a risk adjustment program which allows folks to make sure that they are not cherry-picking up the well folks, to make sure that they are actually covering folks who need coverage that are sick; a reinsurance program that helps to cover the cost of high cost enrollees; and then a risk corridor program that really gets at that uncertainty about pricing. And all of those work in tandem with each other.    Dr. COHEN. Yes. These were programs that were not just exclusively for the CO-OPs but for all of the issuers participating in the marketplace because we knew it was a transition time for all of the issuers moving into this net market for the first time, needing to cover preexisting conditions, making sure that they were covering the essential health benefits. So it was a transition for all of these issuers, and that is why those three programs were in existence, modeled as you said after the Part D, you know, very successful programs in Part D.    They are meant to be temporary. At least two of the three are temporary, again, to get us through a transition period.    Dr. COHEN. Yes, that is correct, the end of September, correct.    Dr. COHEN. So the risk corridor dollar amount was really a product of a mathematical formula based on the information submitted by the issuers themselves, based on their 2014 claims and premium experience. So whatever happened in 2014, they sent us the data on it, and that was at that point when we were able to calculate what the ins and outs of that program would be, and as you mentioned at the end of September we were able to share that information with folks.    Dr. COHEN. I think that was one of a number of factors. I think CO-OPs had, as I have mentioned, a number of difficulties. Certainly the lower risk corridor payments certainly was one of the things that contributed to some of their challenges.    I would also mention in one of the other risk corridor programs, the reinsurance program, everyone actually got more money than they were expecting, about 25 percent more money. So one program more, so one program less.    So while I would say, on balance, those are contributing factors. As I mentioned, there were a lot of challenges for the CO-OPs, the uncertainty of pricing, the difficulty of provider networks competing against more established insurers, but certainly the reinsurance and the risk adjustment and risk corridor certainly impacted that.    Dr. COHEN. This will be their second year.    Dr. COHEN. It is a good question. Certainly more than two, more than two to stabilize.    Dr. COHEN. CMS has been doing oversight of the CO-OPs from the beginning of the program. As I mentioned, we are just in the second year of the program now, and we have been doing oversight over the course of the first year of business.    Dr. COHEN. So as you mentioned, the State of Vermont was not even able to comply with State licensure and we did not even allow them to move forward in that circumstance. So all along there are guideposts and check points that we make sure to look at oversight.    If we feel like they are going beyond the guard rails that we set up, we enhance our oversight, put folks on enhanced oversight or corrective action plans. We do on-site visits to gather more information than just them sending us information. We want to go on site and see it with our own eyes, have our actuaries do on-site and make sure we are doing evaluations.    So, you know, I will say I do not think we have been easy on the CO-OPs, as you can see with some of the recent actions. We have taken our job as stewards of the taxpayer dollar very seriously. We work within the parameters of the statute and the existing funding, and you know, we will continue to do that for the life of the program.    Dr. COHEN. Thank you.    Dr. COHEN. Why the CO-OPs failed? There were a number of reasons. It is a challenge to start an insurance company in this market. It is a challenge just to think about it without even having to start a brand new market, which is what was created here.    Whether it was building a provider network and not having the relationship with providers to get the best rates possible; I think the uncertainty as mentioned by Congressman McDermott, the uncertainty of what the consumer would look like. How sick was that population? And thus, how to set the proper pricing for that to cover their costs, and then I think obviously the lack of brand name. They are competing against big, experienced players with long relationships with their community.    So I mean, it was an uphill challenge from the beginning. Obviously some CO-OPs have risen to that challenge and have been very successful and are expanding into new markets and giving consumers new options.    Dr. COHEN. Obviously, we know that these entities in early years, that it is a challenge to maintain their solvency, and additional money would have certainly long a long way to making sure they were able to cover a lot of their claims costs, figure out some of those uncertainties, and chart a course for long-term sustainability, and ultimately paying back the loans that we give them.    Dr. COHEN. Absolutely. Not only do we hear from individual consumers. I had the opportunity to meet with some of the CO-OPs that are expanding and are thriving and about some of the innovative and creative work that they are doing for their consumers, whether it is targeting diabetic populations and making sure they have intensive care management. You know, as a physician those are exciting and innovative ways to think about caring for a tough disease.    So, again, they were designed as a nonprofit entity that is really connected to the community with consumers on their board driving decisions about the entity and really trying to create benefits that are really tailored very closely to what the community needs, and so I think that there are a lot of great things are doing in that space.    And the ones that are succeeding are able to sort of get through this period of uncertainty. I think there is a lot of benefit they can bring.    Dr. COHEN. So I think, as you know, on Sunday we started the next open enrollment period, and we are in it right now. So I would hope all Members are doing is educating customers and consumers that are in CO-OPs, that are not, about their options on HealthCare.gov; if they are in Federal facilitated marketplace States, make sure they know if they go and shop that they can even save even more money.    We did some analysis to show that if you can go back, you can actually save more money than they already are. We know that eight in ten consumers are benefitting from financial assistance to the tune of about $270 a month.    So there are real financial benefits for folks to go look at their options, see what is there, see what is right for their family, and so I would encourage you to make sure that your constituents know what is there for them and that there are options out there.    Dr. COHEN. Thank you.    Dr. COHEN. That is correct.    Dr. COHEN. So we had less than $6 billion to work with, about 2.5 billion, but you are right. It was a limited pool of funding, and the idea is to get folks through a time of uncertainty to a place where they had a long-term plan of, you know, having premiums to cover their costs, outside capital to fund different parts of their business.    But we knew in any start-up period that they would need both start-up and solvency loans, which is how the program was designed.    Dr. COHEN. Well, we see a lot of the CO-OPs are successful right now and moving forward.    Dr. COHEN. That is true. We have done a lot of work in the last few months using our oversight hat to make sure that consumers know moving forward if they are shopping in open enrollment right now, we wanted to make sure that they knew that the CO-OPs that remain in the marketplace were financially viable, can make it through the entire year. Our first priority is to make sure there was not going to be a midyear failure next year for any consumers, you know, and that is how we really went about our decision making.    We played it very conservative in that way, which is why I think there has been so much activity in the last several months. We worked in partnership with the State Departments of Insurance on that oversight and will continue to do so.    Dr. COHEN. Well, so we have been, you know, at any given point in time there is certain information that we have in front of us. We continue to work with the State Departments of Insurance, which are the primary regulators to make sure we are understanding what is happening in the State and with those CO-OPs.    We will continue to play that oversight role. At the same time we wear another hat, which is to support the CO-OP Program, and I think if you are thinking about a value proposition of any program, you want to understand why was it created in the first place, and when I think about that, you know, it is really, as I was mentioning earlier, is to create a program that allowed for additional competition in an era of insurer consolidation where there are not a lot of choices for consumers, you know, just looking to give folks yet one more choice of an affordable option that they can choose from.    Again, we are going to do our best to support those that are showing themselves to be successful and moving in the right direction.    Dr. COHEN. Thank you.    Dr. COHEN. I very much agree that it is very important to make sure that we are getting a risk pool that can manage the different types of risk of the different patients across it, and that is why we target most of our outreach to the 18 to 35 year old population, most of whom do not realize the financial assistance that is available. They think health care is something that is unattainable.    They also think that they are never going to get hurt, break an arm, get in a car accident, get an unfortunate disease at a younger age. So we have been doing a ton of work with the 18 to 35 year old population. All of our marketing efforts are targeted in that space, and so we continue to do that and make sure that we are----    Dr. COHEN. Absolutely.    Dr. COHEN. So I think that is why the CO-OP Program was created in the first place, again, in that era of one or two dominant players in a market. This is, again, a locally owned, locally driven option to give consumers choices. They, you know, try to have more relationships with local providers, again, so that they can be an affordable, creative, innovative option, and I think for the entities that continue on that are expanding, they have done just that.    We are going to try to support the ongoing CO-OPs as much as possible, share best practices, have them do some shared services if they can help each other out, you know, if they share call centers or do some sort of shared services in order to help along to improve their operations.    Dr. COHEN. Yes. So we did a recent analysis of the rate increases in the individual market, about a seven percent increase of the second lowest cost over within the marketplace, and again, we have seen historically double digit increases in the individual market. So, you know, trying to rein in the prices and I think that the competition speaks exactly to that point of being able to keep the prices under control.    Dr. COHEN. I do not have them in front of me, but I am happy to follow up.    Dr. COHEN. I do not.    Dr. COHEN. Sorry, sir. I do not.    Dr. COHEN. Well, we are working very hard to make sure the consumers have a----    Dr. COHEN. That is not correct. They are going to have the opportunity to shop during this open enrollment period and can transition.    Dr. COHEN. The CO-OP will end, but they will have the opportunity to----    Dr. COHEN. That is right. They will need to go to HealthCare.gov and look at their options and see whether or not their provider is----    Dr. COHEN. So our goal has always been for coverage, and these folks are clearly, you know, saying, ``I want coverage.'' And I think we are going to----    Dr. COHEN. So they have fulfilled it, and the mandate says you need to have coverage for at least nine months of the year. So at this point they will have had coverage for at least nine months of the year, and they will not be----    Dr. COHEN. There was one CO-OP earlier in the year that----    Dr. COHEN. It would depend on the individual situation.    Dr. COHEN. So we are making sure that folks have coverage through the end of the year, which is why it is very important that we did our work now to make sure that there are no midyear closures so that----    Dr. COHEN . They can make it through the----    Dr. COHEN. A total of 24.    Dr. COHEN. At the end of this year we will have 11.    Dr. COHEN. That is right.    Dr. COHEN. So there are 12 that will be closing, one that closed a while back.    Dr. COHEN. So obviously we wish we would have a better batting average here, but we wanted to make sure that overall that we kept the consumer at the center of this process. We wanted to make sure that we did our oversight role and took----    Dr. COHEN. I think it is important when you talk about rates you have to talk about----    Dr. COHEN. So it is important to remember that an average----    Dr. COHEN . Person gets about $270.    Dr. COHEN. Why did we deny their request to suspend enrollment?    Dr. COHEN. I am not actually familiar with that request and that denial. I know that I would say any of those decisions we do in coordination with the State Department of Insurance, who are the primary regulators of the insurance companies. They obviously have additional information about the state of play of any one of the insurance companies, the state of the risk pool.    I am happy to take back and look further to understand sort of the sequence of events there for you.    Dr. COHEN. I am sorry. Can you repeat that?    Dr. COHEN. So the reason we have been doing the work we have and the oversight place is to make sure that CO-OPs could make sure to pay out the remaining claims over the course of this year and have an orderly wind-down process, and we do that in coordination with the State Departments of Insurance.    Obviously like in the case of Nebraska, there is a guaranty fund that is a backstop for consumers there to make sure that claims are paid.    Dr. COHEN. Absolutely, Congressman.    Dr. COHEN. Yes. Thank you.    We for the coming 2016 year, we recently released information about what consumers can experience now if they go to HealthCare.gov in the federally facilitated marketplace States, and the average consumer can choose amongst 50 plans and five issuers, and 90 percent of folks are looking at three or more issuers to choose from.    So, you know, that is great progress in terms of the competition that is available to them in the marketplace, and again, I want to make sure that folks know that in addition, what is so unique about the marketplace is the financial assistance. We know that eight in ten are taking advantage of that financial assistance.    Dr. COHEN. Right.    Dr. COHEN. Yes, absolutely. We share your concern your concern about out-of-pocket cost because it is not just the premium per month that people are paying, but it is that total out-of-pocket cost.    Dr. COHEN. We know that it is a challenge.    Dr. COHEN. Actually when you go to the HealthCare.gov site, it actually walks you through the definitions.    Dr. COHEN. Premium, deductive, out-of-pocket cost, and now for the first time in this open enrollment season we have an out-of-pocket cost calculator. It tries to ask you a few simple questions about you, your family. Are you a high utilizer of health care? Do you have a chronic illness? Do you take prescription drugs ongoing, or if something bad happens, do you use the doctor?    And it helps you understand what type of product might be the best fit for your family.    Dr. COHEN. Thank you.    Dr. COHEN. So I want to make sure to let you know that we share your concern about being good stewards of taxpayer dollars. We are going to use every tool at our disposal to make sure that any funds that can be recovered back for the taxpayer will be for this program.    On this question in particular about the conversion that we were talking about, we look at those on an individual case-by-case basis, as I was mentioning. We do that in coordination with the State Departments of Insurance and then make a decision about whether or not that is the appropriate thing to move forward in that position.    I believe we have done that for seven of the CO-OPs.    Dr. COHEN. I have that I am sure in my many--I am happy to search through and give you the list now or I am happy to follow up if that is helpful.    Dr. COHEN. The seven that have gotten the conversion, I have it: Arizona, Michigan, Oregon, Colorado, New Mexico, Connecticut, and Wisconsin.    Dr. COHEN. Those are the seven that were granted the conversion.    Dr. COHEN. That is right.    Dr. COHEN. We have a number pending. I do not know the exact number that are pending.    Dr. COHEN. I will see what I can do in follow-up. I know that there is market sensitivity about sharing. Once it is done, I am able to share that information, which is why I can share who has already been approved. While it is in consideration, there are market sensitivities, but I will be happy for our staff to work with yours to see what we can provide.    Dr. COHEN. The same thing. I know there are some market sensitivities around it, but I will see what we can do in terms of providing that information.    I know I am allowed to, which I have in front of me, I am allowed to share those that we have approved, but I will get back to you about the ones----    Dr. COHEN. I do not know the answer to that question.    Dr. COHEN. So we obviously do a number of oversight activities, as I was reading off a litany before, whether it is on-site visits and the increased reporting, but what I would say is that we do that in partnership with the State DOIs. They are the folks that day to day are managing the health of these insurance companies and making sure they are operating within the parameters of the State.    And so we work very closely for that ongoing oversight, and we will continue to do that for the CO-OPs that continue to be in existence.    Dr. COHEN. Thank you.    Dr. COHEN. Thank you.    Dr. COHEN. Well, the facts on the ground know that 12 of the CO-OPs will not be continuing to 2016 of the 24, and obviously our job is to protect consumers, make sure that we are being good stewards of taxpayer dollars, but also supporting what we think is a very important program adding additional competition into the marketplace.    I think it is important to also remember that CO-OPs are only one piece of the larger Affordable Care Act which we have been talking about and, you know, make up a larger piece of what consumers are experiencing when they go to HealthCare.gov.    So, again, we had some work to do on the oversight front, which we have done, in order to make sure that consumers knew that if they went to the marketplace now, that they can put their faith in the products that are there. They know that they are financially viable and will be there to provide them coverage for next year.    Dr. COHEN. Are we looking at using the reinsurance dollars to support the CO-OPs? No. That appropriation is for the reinsurance program for the entire market. That will be used for the three years that the program----    Dr. COHEN. No, the surplus carries over to the next year of the reinsurance program and will be used with the reinsurance program itself, which applies well beyond the CO-OPs to all of the issuers participating in the marketplace.    Dr. COHEN. That is the number of dollars that were loaned to these CO-OPs. As I mentioned to the Congresswoman, we are going to be using every tool available to recover taxpayer dollars here. Obviously that money went to provide coverage to Americans over the past two years. So we know all dollars will not come back to us, but we will be using all tools available to recover any unspent taxpayer dollars.    Dr. COHEN. To the Treasury.    Dr. COHEN. To the Treasury.    Dr. COHEN. No. I do not want to give you inaccurate information. So let me follow up on when we recover money where that money goes exactly, whether it comes back to the CO-OP Program or back to the Treasury.    Dr. COHEN. That is a good question. I will have to follow up whether it is participants or policies. What I would say is that that represents folks not just in the marketplace. It represents folks potentially inside and outside the marketplace in the individual market and in the small group market, and depending on the CO-OP and what book of business they picked up, some even picked up some Medicaid managed care business as well. So those numbers can represent a mix of different types of policies.    Dr. COHEN. So again, not money lost. We still have tools at our disposal to recover that fund, as well as that money went to pay claims and coverage for Americans over the last several years.    Dr. COHEN. Yes, absolutely. All of the companies that applied for this, and I will say almost 150 entities applied to be CO-OPs and we only chose the best 24. Obviously they presented business plans--sorry, Chairman--business plans and strategies. Obviously though when the rubber hits the road and reality hits, business plans are just that, plans, and then we have to evaluate them as they move along.    Dr. COHEN. So it is interesting. Once we get outside of our world here at CMS and are able to interact with folks who are benefitting from the new options of coverage and taking advantage of the tax credits, it is not about politics for them. It is really about what is right for their family, and that for the first time they are able to compare choices and find something that is affordable for them.    I think poignant in my mind were some particular parents who were able to start their own new business. They had wanted to for a long time, had been thinking about it, but because one of their young children had a severe illness, they worried about what coverage would look like for them on the individual market and so stayed with the job they had, which they were lucky enough to have, but what the Affordable Care Act gave them was that freedom and flexibility to start the new business and find coverage that worked for them and for their children.    And that is what we hear about every day, whether it is coverage for someone who has a preexisting condition or just thought it was out of reach for them; a young person who goes and gets one of their preventative care visits and realizes they had high blood pressure, and as a physician I am like, ``Great. Get on your ACE inhibitor now so that they prevent problems well into the future.''    So those are the kinds of success stories, small, but each build up to something really great.    Dr. COHEN. Thank you.    Dr. COHEN. So there are restrictions in terms of the types of dollars that the CO-OPs could get. They could get a bank loan and other types of outside loans. There are restrictions about whether or not that outside capital would influence the governance structure, which is pretty prescriptive in statute.    And, again, I think as you have heard, that governance structure is really consumer driven, and that was why the nature of the program was put in there.    So it does limit their options. It also prohibits them from merging or getting dollars from another for-profit insurer.    Dr. COHEN. They are not allowed to use their dollars for marketing. What I would say is that one of the things the Affordable Care Act does and HealthCare.gov in particular, it allows for CO-OPs to be listed side by side of some of the much more established plans and so they can compete on price and benefits, which is what the CO-OPs----    Dr. COHEN. There are some restrictions about getting funding from current insurers. I would have to look back if there is a statute of limitations of how long ago they were an insurer, et cetera, about getting funding.    Dr. COHEN. That is right, ma'am.    Dr. COHEN. I have not practiced in private practices.    Dr. COHEN. What I think it is important to step back and recognize about the CO-OP Program is that they were designed specifically to have a governance board that was consumer driven. I think that was the heart of it. I think you had some of your other colleagues mention that this is not unique to the health care space.    Dr. COHEN. We are doing the work right now with the CO-OPs. As you know, the recent announcements they are still winding down over the course of this year. As I mentioned, we take taxpayer dollars very seriously but----    Dr. COHEN. No, not right now.