    Mr. Huelskamp. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I must note and report, for my 8-year-old this is probably the highlight of his summer to be in your subcommittee, Mr. Chairman. And he was going to take notes, but it's all being recorded. But thank you for calling this hearing. He is still awake, I'll report that. We haven't been here long enough.    But thank you for coming here. And I think we're hearing here what we hear in so many other hearings, is it's either the lack of data or lack of belief in the data. And on this contracting issue, it's probably some of both as we look at that, Mr. Chairman.    But one response, I think that was from Mr. Heard, and I wanted to repeat that. You mentioned something about the CFO at the VA was going to help us figure this problem out. Could you restate that and explain your answer there?    Mr. Huelskamp. Mr. Chairman, that's what troubles me here. I guess we're going to hear from the CFO maybe tomorrow, or data, that's going to explain how he came, he or she came, $2.5 billion short, and we're just entering the fourth quarter of the year. And this is the individual that was charged with tracking them, and somehow they're going to fix our training problem.    But aren't there policies already in place that requires this? And why is the VA not following clear policies of, I think, the entire Federal Government?    Mr. Huelskamp. And so why do you not--the GAO estimates that between $600 million and $900 million worth of assisted acquisition obligations in the VA's accounting system were not reported on eCMS, despite the requirement. Explain why you're ignoring the requirement. Is that your responsibility, then, Mr. Heard?    Mr. Huelskamp. So that's not a requirement to be in eCMS, or it is?    Mr. Huelskamp. So everything on assisted acquisition services is in eCMS.    Mr. Huelskamp. No, is it in eCMS? Did the GAO say it was all in there?    Mr. Huelskamp. Now, in 2009 the GAO made this recommendation as well, and if I understand it correctly, 5 years later, follow-up, those recommendations were never implemented?    Mr. Huelskamp. Mr. Heard, any response for 5 years versus where we are today, which apparently little or no change?    Mr. Huelskamp. Mr. Heard, one last thing, and maybe you need to answer that for the record, but I see a reference to one particular entity maybe pulled out as an example, something called the MITRE Corporation. And GAO reviewed 10 task orders to them and found they were all missing documentation. Do you have any quick explanation of why they don't have to follow the rules or your relationship with them?    Mr. Huelskamp. And lastly, could you provide that to the committee, that missing documentation that would answer the GAO concerns?    And with that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.