    Mr. Hurd. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We all know the mission of the U.S. Chemical Safety Board is to investigate chemical accidents and issue timely findings and recommendations in order to prevent future accidents, and we are all here because the serious management deficiencies at the Chemical Safety Board have prevented this independent agency from fulfilling its mission. And my first question, Chairman Moure-Eraso, you know, the CSB plays a very important role in public safety. Members of this committee have expressed their concern, as my colleague from Virginia said, about the dysfunctional culture at CSB and your ability to remain as chairman.    And your current former Board colleagues have testified to the hostile climate at CSB. Former CSB Board Member Beth Rosenberg stated that those whose opinion differed from those of senior leadership or the Chair are marginalized and vilified. You have 15 weeks--is that correct, sir--left?    Mr. Hurd. And you have said, I think, many of my colleagues have intimated or outright said they think it's time for you to step down. And you responded with you have work to do. What work do you think you can do to fix these major problems in 15 weeks?    Mr. Hurd. Is that because of you or in spite of you?    Mr. Hurd. And what do you plan on doing the remaining 15 weeks of your time?    Mr. Hurd. Mr. Ehrlich, question for you. On February 12, 2015, you submitted a letter to the editor of the National Journal claiming that the Office of Special Counsel never substantiated any claim of whistleblower retaliation by the CSB's management after years of inquiry. Can you explain how you arrived at this conclusion and what is the basis for this claim?    Mr. Hurd. And so do you have a change of opinion now?    Mr. Hurd. Did the Board receive formal communication from the Office of Special Counsel?    Mr. Hurd. Sure.    Mr. Hurd. So noted. Thank you.    Mr. Ehrlich, last question for you. Have you ever used personal email to conduct official CSB business?    Mr. Hurd. And who are you communicating that?    Mr. Hurd. Great. Thank you.    And my last question is for inspector general Sullivan. What is the process of removing a Board member from the U.S. Chemical Safety Board or the Chairman?    Mr. Hurd. Is it odd to have named the Chairman before--15 months before the end of someone's tenure?    Mr. Hurd. In your opinion?    Mr. Hurd. The fact that the President named a replacement Chairman yesterday, is that right, March 3, is that a common practice?    Mr. Hurd. Sure.    Mr. Hurd. Confirmation, right.    Mr. Hurd. Thank you for that clarification.    I yield back the balance of my time.