    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you so much for being here today. Very important questions and topics. And one that I think hasn't been touched on, I am very concerned about, is the basically eradication of Christians in Iraq. At one time, over 1.5 million Christians there. Now we estimate between, what, 200 and 300,000 perhaps. Maybe you have some insights on the numbers there. But certainly that is the birthplace of many of famous Christian historic sites.    And the reports last week of ISIL burning hundreds or thousands of years old documents and destroying religious sites is certainly very, very disturbing.    So first, I was wondering if you could give me an update on the situation for Christians there, both in their persons and their safety, how many are still there, what their situation is, their well-being, but then also give me an update on the ISIL strategy and how many historic sites have been destroyed?    Mrs. Hartzler. When can I expect a response back on--for the record?    Mrs. Hartzler. Okay. That would be great.    Now in the Nineveh, there is a lot of Christians there. And I read an article last week how an independent group has come in to help train some of the people who live there, how to defend their own villages, you know, independent of us.    But in the NDAA , we put over $1 billion in there to help train local forces against ISIL. Are we targeting and helping to specifically train some Iraqi Christians? Are they receiving any of the funds that we designated for this?    Mrs. Hartzler. Do you think that might be a good idea since ISIL is trying to exterminate them?    Mrs. Hartzler. Well, I am encouraged to hear that you think the Iraqi Government is concerned as well and cares about them. And I would ask you to visit with them specifically about this, ask them to reach out to these groups and specifically try to train them, because it would just be a travesty of historic proportions if this area has no Christians where so many of them have been there for thousands of years.    Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. McSally.