    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing today, and I want to thank all of you for being here.    I wanted to switch gears a little bit and discuss how the CFPB under Dodd-Frank has continued to expand its influence into areas where it has no authority. That is something even Director Cordray told me himself that the law doesn't address. Of course, I am talking about the auto industry. I am a car dealer. I am one of them. Okay.    So Mr. Zywicki, I would like to ask you about the CFPB settlement with Allied Financial in which CFPB got Allied to pay $98 million by accusing the company of discrimination against car buyers based on disparate impact statistics.    I have said this in previous hearings but I think it is worth repeating today, as a car dealer myself, the idea that I would charge different prices to my customers based on race, religion or the color of one's skin is offensive not only to me but to my industry. In fact, if I was doing that, I don't think I would be very successful.    So, it has been a year-and-a-half since the Allied settlement. Do you know if the CFPB has paid any of the $98 million to consumers whom the CFPB said were discriminated against?    Mr. Williams. With that being said, in fact I had my staff pull up the form. This is it right here, that they would have discriminated buyers fill out. In my opinion, it is ripe for fraud, and you have agreed with me.    If you look at this form, it basically says if you took out a loan that Allied later financed in a certain period of time, the CFPB will assume you were discriminated against. I am in the business but I have bought two cars and financed them through Allied, so I wonder if I should fill this form out and send it in.    Now, Mr. Zywicki, in the interest of time, just a quick yes-or-no answer to the following question if you don't mind. Do you think the process the CFPB set up that we are talking about is designed to determine--    Mr. Williams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Do you think the process we talked about is designed to determine whether borrowers were actually discriminated against?    Mr. Williams. And what about the CFPB restitution form we just mentioned? Do you think it prevents fraud?    Mr. Williams. And do you see anything that would indicate that the CFPB is even asking whether borrowers paid a higher interest rate than other loans?    Mr. Williams. Not on there. Mr. Calabria, for you. Under Section 1022 of Dodd-Frank, the CFPB was given a broad authority to exempt financial services providers from its rules based on asset size, volume, et cetera.    As you know, the CFPB has used this authority sparingly, often creating an exemption so small that it doesn't actually help those credit unions or community banks that are hurting because of over-regulation. I am saying this really quick because I am working on a proposal that would exempt community banks and credit unions under $10 billion in assets from CFPB rules, going forward.    Effectively, it turns the exemption on its head and forces the CFPB to consider the impact on smaller financial institutions and make an affirmative finding that community banks and credit unions are indeed the intended targets of these rules. So, my question to you is this, do you think Section 1022 B of the law is clear?    Mr. Williams. Thank you. And shouldn't the CFPB be doing analysis and affirm that smaller financial institutions actually need or don't need to be included in the rules they are writing?    Mr. Williams. Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you very much.