    Mr. Huffman. Appreciate that. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having this hearing, and thanks to our terrific witnesses for joining us.    I especially want to welcome you, Administrator Feinberg. It seems like just yesterday I was touring in Marin and Sonoma County on the Smart Rail project, which is an exciting project where our communities are bringing back commuter rail. Thanks to the support of your agency and others, that is going to be reality in just a couple of more months. It will open on day one as one of the safest passenger rail systems in the United States, again with your support for Positive Train Control, so thank you very much.    I appreciate that Mr. Hunter in his remarks reminded us that there was another really big, transformative, and yet controversial project nearby. It happens to be the defining southern feature of my congressional district, the Golden Gate Bridge. What people sometimes don't appreciate, because it is such an iconic piece of infrastructure now that is taken for granted, is that it was very controversial in its time. Over 2,000 lawsuits were filed to stop this project in the 1930s. It went through several different designs. They were all very controversial. There were huge cost overruns. Yet, if you went to my district today, or I would say anyplace else in California, and asked people if you would like to go backward, they would probably laugh at you. It has been a huge success.    So when we talk about this project and the promise of high-speed rail, we should talk about cost, we should talk about budgets and plans and the challenges this project faces. But we should also think about the cost of inaction and the benefits it brings.    So, Mr. Richard, I am especially grateful to have the conversation with you at this point in the project's history because in a prior life as a State legislator on the budget committee, I do remember lots of conversations with your predecessor where I had lost confidence in the ability of California to realize the promise and the vision of high-speed rail. The project was in complete drift, and yet today construction is underway. Construction contracts are coming in under budget, and it does seem that through innovation and creativity we are poised to actually make this happen in California, and it is in no small part due to your leadership, so thank you for that.    That doesn't mean your critics have gone away, so I want to ask you about a couple of points that Mr. Flashman has very eloquently laid out in his remarks. Specifically--and these are points that we have heard for some time now as criticisms of the project--the assertion that financially you can't get there from here because of limitations and constraints on funding in Prop. 1A and the Federal funding, that when you add it all up, the dollars just don't connect and you can't get there from here.    And the second one is the impossibility of achieving the speed and travel times that have been promised, I believe, between Wasco and San Jose.    So I want to give you a chance to speak directly to those claims that have been levied, and also to the extent you can because, again, these are not new claims--they have been part of litigation--what the courts have said as well about these matters.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Richard.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you.    Mr. Richard, I want to go back to you about the financing issue. I know that one of the criticisms of your plans and the Governor's involvement in the plans has been the reliance on credit from the Cap and Trade system under AB-32. A lot of folks in the months leading up to this hearing have claimed that that is an unreliable source of revenue, maybe even an unlawful source of revenue, and we know that the fossil fuel industry has been putting on a full court press to allow the very authority from which it derives, AB-32, to simply expire and not be renewed.    But it seems to me that with developments in Sacramento over the past week, we are having a bit of a different conversation now. The fossil fuel industry lost and we are moving forward not just with the continuation of AB-32 authority but actually we are doubling down on climate leadership, raising the bar even higher and declining to join the fossil fuel industry on the road backward to perdition.    So let me ask you now as we sit here today, what is your assessment of the reliability and the stability of that greenhouse gas policy framework and the Cap and Trade revenues that are a critical part of your long-term plans?    Mr. Huffman. And in the time that I have remaining, since we haven't covered this specifically yet, could you just speak to the greenhouse gas reduction benefits that should accrue to the State of California if your vision of this project is realized?    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, and I yield back.