    Ms. Martinez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman Whitfield and Ranking Member Rush and members of the subcommittee. I want to thank you for the opportunity to testify today on Title II: 21st Century Workforce.    Ms. Martinez. Oh, sure. I commend each of you for taking the time to focus on ensuring that America has a strong, diverse energy and manufacturing workforce. It is a privilege to be here today to support the bipartisan draft legislation that is aimed at accomplishing this critical priority.    I am Monica Martinez, President of Hispanics in Energy. Hispanics in Energy is a non-partisan, non-profit organization whose mission is to engage Hispanic and other diverse communities in our Nation's energy policy dialogue and workforce. And thank you, Congressman Flores, for being a continued supporter.    Our population is over 54 million, making people of Hispanic origin the Nation's largest ethnic or racial minority. At 11.9 million Hispanic households, we comprise roughly 10 percent of our Nation's total households.    For 2012, the median income of Hispanic households was $39,000 whereas the median income of U.S. households was $51,017. The poverty rate among Hispanics is roughly 25.6 percent, whereas the national poverty rate is at 15 percent.    I mention these figures to make sure I am illustrating the disparity that exists. But I also find them useful in the debate when we discuss jobs and economic opportunity. The best way to help alleviate poverty and to grow household income is to expand the outreach and availability of good paying jobs. And I believe that for Hispanics, African Americans, American Indians, women, and all Americans, access to economic opportunity in the energy field can be crucial for helping boost those earnings and bring about greater standards of living.    We have heard about the shale revolution and even more so even when we talk about green energy economy. We know that there are job opportunities available. Recent reports, even ones by HIS, project that there are up to 408,000 jobs available that can be held by African Americans and Hispanics by 2030 in the oil and gas sector. IHS estimates that 63 percent of all job opportunities will be blue collar jobs. This is a truly bipartisan and energy technology neutral opportunity. We know that even the green sector is growing, and they are moving as well. And I think we need to take advantage of it.    Hispanics in Energy over the last year has held community conversations across the country discussing this very opportunity. From that effort we have learned several things. General dissemination of energy opportunities to a variety of stakeholders is key.    Recent research indicates that the number one obstacle to women considering employment in the oil and gas industry is lack of awareness and understanding of the job opportunities and career development available. Just by outreaching and making sure we are sharing the message, we can overcome this obstacle.    Engagement of students at all levels from when they are young sprouts, early age in elementary and beyond, is critical to engaging them. When we think about it, of the 70,000 undergraduate engineers, only 12 percent represent all under-represented groups, and the pool of under-represented engineers gets even smaller at the graduate level. We must do something to change this.    We also need to expand the network of engagement by energy providers and companies to create a pipeline of prospective networks, and this includes working with various groups--veterans workforce development associations, other associations like our own--to create that partnership within that non-profit and public/private sector is key.    The fourth principle is really thinking about pathways that need to be developed for different demographic groups and segments of the population. I recognize the Center for Energy Workforce Development that can attest that the education and skills needed are the same for everyone, but the best way to prepare individuals may in fact be different. And this may include different wrap-around services or other items to help ensure their success.    The last principle I mention, and this is because I was a former regulator within the State of Michigan, and my question always was, we have to look at the data and analyze, just making sure everything that you do--and I know this is mentioned in the draft legislation--look at the analysis and create benchmarks. We need to assess the performance and also find and discover best practices so that what we are doing in one region can be replicated in other regions as appropriate. Those are key.    In closing, I just really want to thank the committee for their work. If we do not take action today to improve the opportunities for under-represented communities in the workforce, we will be only adding to the current disparity that exists between the energy industry and the community it serves. The energy industry can be more reflective of the characteristics of our population, and by doing so, our whole economy will benefit. Thank you.    Ms. Martinez. We don't have a training program, but we are doing the outreach. And what we found from our tour across the country last year was that in many ways, many of these programs are operating but they are not interconnected.    Ms. Martinez. Right. So when we think about the engagement of many things, we know that there are different groups that are out there working and trying to aim towards this goal, but a lot of times the agencies and the entities are not communicating. And so, by part of this legislation, I do believe, is to make sure that you have that efficiency and that collaboration, because with that collaboration you can achieve better success.    Ms. Martinez. So many groups work within their own silos. And so our goal is to try to help bring those things together and make those connections.    Ms. Martinez. Absolutely. And that was an excellent question. In Michigan, there are certainly some schools that work and partner with various companies, especially in the Detroit region, and in those areas they do have mentorship and sort of on-the-job activities that are happening. Part of that is they are getting the students out of the high schools and out of the middle schools and doing sort of a 1-day job shadowing, job mentoring so that they actually can see what is happening. DTE Energy, Marathon Oil, others are taking part in that opportunity, so kids are able to see that real hands-on opportunity and actually get that job shadowing while they are in school, and they are also able to see that just as you can say it, really who that person is and who they are. And it gives them a real goal to achieve.    Ms. Martinez. We find those have been successful.