    Mr. Donovan. The Committee on Homeland Security's Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to examine the proposed cuts to grant programs in the President's fiscal year 2017 budget request.    Before we begin, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from New York, Mr. King, a Member of the full committee, be permitted to sit on the dais and participate in today's hearing. Without objection, so ordered.    I also ask unanimous consent to insert in the record a signed letter by 17 stakeholder organizations opposing the proposed grant cuts.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    * The information has been included as part of Hon. de Blasio's statement included for the record.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, one of my fundamental responsibilities is to ensure our Nation's first responders have the tools they need to protect this country and, God forbid, respond to the next terrorist attack. That is why my first hearing is focusing on the dangerous cuts to homeland security grants proposed in the President's fiscal year 2017 budget request.    The President's budget cuts more than $500 million from programs that support States, cities, ports, transit systems, and fire services. This funding helps provide the training and equipment so critical to enabling our first responders to meet threats as varied as active-shooter scenarios, mass casualty events from a nuclear, chemical, or biological attack, and bomb plots targeting civilians in high-traffic areas.    Such threats aren't just theories--in the nearly 15 years since the tragic attacks in 2001, law enforcement has thwarted sinister plots like these and more, including one involving an ISIS sympathizer in my own district. As this committee documented in a recent report issued by Chairman McCaul, there have been 75 terrorism plots against the West since early 2014. Forty-three percent of them were successfully executed, and the United States is the top target.    Law enforcement, including the New York City Police Department and Joint Terrorism Task Forces, deserve our thanks for keeping Americans safe. So far, there have been 81 ISIS-linked arrests in the United States, a number that will only grow as the organization continues to spread viral terrorism over the internet.    Proposing cuts to the programs that keep the homeland safe would be foolish in any case, but they are particularly outrageous at a time when our threat level is the highest it has been since 2001. It would seem that either the President doesn't believe these threats exist or he doesn't care. But make no mistake: This is not the time for the Federal Government to cut support to help our Nation's first responders combat terror attacks.    In discussing the budget proposal with the administration, we have heard various justifications for the cuts. They have told us that the cuts are a result of, ``FEMA's successful investments in prior years.'' They have claimed that it is a result of unspent funding from prior years. They have told us that the cuts are the result of difficult budget decisions, and that this budget, ``funds all of our vital homeland security missions in these challenging times.''    The truth of the matter is, they have chosen to balance the budget on the backs of first responders knowing that many in Congress will vociferously oppose those cuts. We have heard time and again that these grant programs have made a difference. We heard it after the Boston Marathon bombings. We heard it after the natural disasters like Hurricane Sandy, which devastated my district, and the tornadoes in Moore, Oklahoma.    I am especially interested in hearing how the recent investments made by New York City using Federal Homeland Security grants, such as hiring additional counterterrorism officers this year, could be hamstrung by the sudden drop in Federal funds. New York City and other jurisdictions that benefit from Federal security grants have made real contributions to increasing our country's readiness to meet terrorist threats.    However, for local efforts to be truly effective, there must be a meaningful partnership with the Federal Government. Congress, and this committee in particular, has a history of bipartisanship when it comes to protecting our country and supporting first responders. We did it last year when we came together to permanently reauthorize the Zadroga Act to give 9/11 first responders the health treatment and screenings they earned, and I am pleased to be here today working with Ranking Member Payne to oppose these dangerous homeland security cuts.    Mr. Donovan. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Payne, for an opening statement he may have.    Mr. Donovan. The gentleman yields.    The Chair now recognizes the Chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. McCaul, for any opening statement that he may have.    Mr. Donovan. So do I.    Mr. Donovan. The gentleman yields back.    Other Members of the subcommittee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Mr. Donovan. Mr. Mayor, thank you for your insightful testimony, and I can't agree with you more. I would also like to publicly commend you for the team that you put together that protects our city every day, Police Commissioner Bill Bratton, Fire Commissioner Danny Nigro, and my good friend, who accompanied you down here today, Joe Esposito, the head of OEM. So thank you for that.    Mr. de Blasio. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    Mayor de Blasio, as I mentioned in my opening statement, we have heard several reasons for the proposed cuts, one of which was the amount of money that has yet to be spent in prior funding cycles. Can you talk about the money that is in the pipeline and how, while it may not have yet been spent and drawn down, that money has already been obligated for various projects that are vital for your efforts to secure our city.    Mr. de Blasio. Well, that is exactly right, Mr. Chairman. Remembering that we are now seeing more threats than ever before and more complicated ones, we continue to innovate. This has been something that all our agencies do, and Commissioner Bratton is particularly well-known for constantly creating the concept of innovation in all we do in the NYPD, particularly in our counterterror work. That is why we came up with a new specially-trained, specially-armed counterterrorism group, the Critical Response Command. No city in America has such a developed apparatus at this point, and we need it because we are the No. 1 terror target.    But the simple answer to your question is: All dollars that have been provided are in the process of being spent. They have been obligated, as you said. We all know that the process of actually acquiring equipment, for example, requires a number of steps. We have to very carefully follow those steps under Federal guidelines, and we do. But that often takes several years to be done properly.    Every dollar is being spent and being spent on the kind of things that will prevent terror. Remember, our first mission, of course, is to prevent terror. NYPD has done that successfully now for 15 straight years, warded off those 20 attacks I mentioned.    But we also know if, God forbid, there was an instance of a terrorist attack, our job is to contain it and minimize it. That is why we put such an emphasis on the active-shooter training, on technology that would allow the fastest alert possible to our officers so they could intervene. We need to keep making those investments so we are prepared. But the bottom line is every dollar that has been allocated in the past has been obligated, is being spent effectively.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mayor.    Commissioner Bratton has estimated that these cuts would cost an approximate amount of $90 million reduction for the funding to New York City for the police department. Could you explain to the committee, what are some of the capabilities that the New York City Police Department would no longer be able to fund in the absence of the grant funding that is being proposed now?    Mr. de Blasio. Absolutely, Mr. Chairman.    We have a substantial domain awareness system, but we need to keep building on it as the threats intensify. If we did not have this funding, we would not be able to build out that domain awareness system further. We do have some explosive detection equipment, but, again, we need to add to that capacity.    One example I need to offer, in addition to all the other reasons why New York City is a target and why New York City is a challenging environment to protect and police, we just announced this week that we expect over 59 million tourists in the course of this year. It would be an all-time record. The amount of traffic, the amount of human intensity that happens on the streets of New York City every single day requires constant vigilance, and we need the technology to allow us to look for any and all threats.    Finally, I would say, you know that as the area around the World Trade Center has come back to full life and economic vitality, and that is growing every day, we know that that site, sadly, remains a particular target of interest for terrorist forces. We need to add additional vehicle screening in that area. We would not be able to do that without the funds that we have traditionally received from UASI.    Mr. Donovan. Wonderful. Thank you, Mayor.    My time is running out, so let me just ask one final question: Secretary Johnson is testifying before our full committee tomorrow on the Department of Homeland Security's budget for fiscal year 2017. What message do you have for the Secretary about any proposed cuts?    Mr. de Blasio. I will be seeing the Secretary later today. I have immense respect for him. He has been a great partner. But my message is we cannot protect New York City sufficiently without this funding. I believe it is a fair National priority to protect our largest city and a city that is so central to our National life.    I would say to him that we in New York City invest heavily in counterterrorism ourselves. For every dollar we receive from the Federal Government, we spend one of our own dollars as well. We spend the taxpayers' dollars of our city to protect our people and all the people who visit, those 60 million tourists, the 3 million people or so coming to town each day to work during the week. We are definitely going to be shouldering a big share of the burden, but we need our Federal partners to take their part in this effort to protect.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Mayor.    My time is expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Payne, for questions.    Mr. Donovan. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair will now recognize other Members of the subcommittee for questions they may wish to ask the witness. In accordance with committee rules and practice, I plan to recognize Members who were present at the start of the hearing by seniority on the subcommittee. Those coming in later will be recognized in the order they arrive.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. King.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. King.    The Chair now recognizes the Congresswoman from New York, Miss Rice.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to echo what my colleague Pete King just said. I think it is very clear the Federal Government is responsible for protecting the homeland. New York City is the prime target in the homeland, and it is really that simple.    So as someone who, like Pete, you know, whose district we share a border with the city, and as a former homicide prosecutor in Brooklyn, I just want to extend this committee's full appreciation to you, Mr. Mayor, and to Commissioner Bratton and the men and women of the NYPD. You have done an extraordinary job making the city safer under your watch, and that is a good thing for all of our nearby communities and for me personally, and for all of the members of the NYPD who happen to reside out on Long Island and in our district.    So I want to ask a question that I think goes to security both in the city and locally in my district. I am talking about the on-going dispute between Apple and the Justice Department. I am troubled mostly by what I see as the unfortunately narrow stance that has emerged in what is and should be a complex debate.    As someone who cares more than anything about our security but also values deeply the privacy protections that allow us to live safely in the digital age, I wonder if the entrenched nature of this debate really does it justice. Does one side have to win and one side have to lose? Do we have to choose between being digitally safe or physically safe? Just your thoughts on that, Mr. Mayor.    Mr. de Blasio. Congresswoman, I think that is a fantastic question because I agree with you 100 percent. I think something has been missed here in this discussion. The companies involved, Apple and others, and their customers understandably want to protect their privacy, and that is an American value too.    But I have to say, I couldn't agree more with Director Comey and Commissioner Bratton and others who have said that if law enforcement doesn't have appropriate information to pursue terror threats and other violent crime, of course people will be literally physically endangered. So we can't have these two polar opposite sides staring at each other and not resolving the problem.    What I hope there can be found is a third way, if you will, wherein the Government has access to the information in a way that is provided voluntarily by these companies, obviously always with a court order and appropriate judicial process.    But I think the companies do owe it to the Nation to come up with a procedure for providing that information to law enforcement. I respect that they have some limitations that they are concerned about. I believe there is a reasonable process that can be determined to make sure that no piece of information that could stop violence is ever withheld, but at the same time respect privacy rights.    I believe there is a compromise that could be struck. I think it begins with the company stating their willingness to break out of the current paradigm and agree that they do have more power to help law enforcement, that it does not implicitly mean that they would be giving up privacy standards.    So that is what I hope we can all work on together, is a different approach that gets us to that very simple end goal, preventing violence.    Miss Rice. Couldn't agree with you more. The Chairman, one of our former colleagues, Cy Vance, came down here a year ago talking about just this whole encryption issue and what an obstacle it is to law enforcement, which is particularly problematic just given the daily threats that we face.    Just to go back to the money, so we are all talking about how much of a cut has been proposed. In a perfect world, what would you be asking for if the funds were--well, I shouldn't say the funds were unlimited because they are not, but maintain the status quo. Is that enough? Would you ask for an increase? Slight? Big? Give us some perspective.    Mr. de Blasio. Look, I will state the obvious: The first is to protect the consistent funding we have received, because we have depended on it. We have bluntly assumed it would be consistent given the environment we are all working in. I think we clearly want to go farther and continue to innovate. I talked to you about some of the areas that we need to do more on in terms of technology, for example.    So additional resources would help us do better. It is as simple as that. We want to continue this extraordinary work of preventing terrorists. It is in the interest of the entire Nation. So clearly, more resources would mean more technology, more training, more ability to stop terror, but at minimum, keeping consistent with previous funding.    I also want to say on the previous point, I thank you for standing up on the issue of the information that law enforcement needs. You understand as a former prosecutor. But I do ask of you and your colleagues, please stand up for all of us at the local level who are trying to prevent violence and stand up for law enforcement. I would like to believe this would be an area of bipartisan consensus. Let's work together to help those companies find an outcome that they can live with but that still prevents violence.    Miss Rice. Agreed. Thank you very much, Mr. Mayor.    I yield back.    Mr. Donovan. The gentlewoman yields back.    My colleague, Ranking Member Payne, had another question if, Mayor, you have time to entertain.    Mr. de Blasio. Of course. Yes.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. Mr. Mayor, I want to thank you for your valuable testimony and for clarifying for the Members of this committee the hollow excuses of the administration that there is $600 million that New York City hasn't spent. I guess the administration doesn't know about bidding process, VENDEXing, and everything else that we have to do back home to assure that the quality of the product we are purchasing and the preparation and the training that we need takes time.    As one of the 8.5 million people who lives in the city that you lead, I thank you for all you are doing to protect me and my family.    Mr. Donovan. You sure can. You are my mentor. You can.    Mr. Donovan. I would have arrived earlier if I knew he needed the help, Mayor.    Mr. de Blasio. That is right. You just should have asked, right.    Thank you, Congressman.    Chairman, thank you for your very generous statement. I just want to thank you for your leadership. As I said, it is essential to the people of New York City that you are in this role, and obviously, for all the people of this country. I want to thank you for your leadership.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mayor.    This panel is dismissed. The clerk will prepare the witness table for the second panel.    Again, we thank you, Mr. Mayor, for all of your participation in this hearing.    Mr. de Blasio. Thank you.    Mr. Donovan. I would like to welcome our second panel to today's hearing and thank them for their participation.    Mr. Jim Butterworth serves as the director of the Georgia Emergency Management Agency/Homeland Security, a position which he was appointed to in January 2015. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Butterworth served for 4 years as the adjutant general of Georgia. Previously, he served as a State Senator representing the 50th District in northeast Georgia. Mr. Butterworth is testifying on behalf of the National Emergency Management Association.    Welcome, sir.    Mr. Donovan. Chief Rhoda Mae Kerr serves as the fire chief of the Austin Fire Department and previously served in the same position with the city of Little Rock, Arkansas. She was also the deputy fire chief in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Chief Kerr is the president and chair of the board of directors of the International Association of Fire Chiefs, and she is testifying in that capacity today.    Welcome, Chief.    Mr. Donovan. George Turner was appointed as the 23rd chief of police for the city of Atlanta on July 9, 2010. He is a 32-year veteran of the Atlanta Police Department and has worked in all areas of the department, including the uniformed division and investigations. Chief Turner previously served as the deputy chief of the support services division, which consists of the corporate services section, 9/11 communications center, information services section, and training academy. Chief Turner also serves as the second vice president of the Major Cities Chiefs Association, and he is testifying in that capacity today.    Welcome, Chief.    Mike Sena is the director of the Northern California Regional Intelligence Center, the fusion center in the San Francisco Bay Area. He currently serves as the president of the National Fusion Center Association, which represents the 78 State and locally-owned and -operated fusion centers across the country. Mr. Sena is testifying on behalf of the National Fusion Center Association.    Welcome, sir.    Mr. Donovan. I now yield to the Ranking Member to introduce our final witness.    Mr. Donovan. The gentleman yields back.    Chief, we are not going to hold you to his inability to swim.    Welcome, Sergeant.    Thank you, Mr. Payne.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Butterworth for 5 minutes.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Butterworth. The Chair now recognizes Chief Kerr.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Chief Kerr. The Chair now recognizes Chief Turner.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Chief Turner. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Sena.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Mr. Sena. The Chair now recognizes Sergeant Kierce.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Sergeant Kierce. I now recognize myself for questions. I will ask all of you if you could just comment on this. I asked the mayor in the first panel the same question. I would ask all of you just to give me your opinion on this.    Secretary Johnson is going to be testifying before the full committee tomorrow on the Department of Homeland Security's fiscal year 2017 budget request. What message would each of you give to the Secretary about these proposed cuts?    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, sir.    Chief.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Chief.    Mr. Donovan. Chief, you will be assured that we will relay your message to the Secretary tomorrow.    Mr. Sena.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, sir.    Sergeant.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Sergeant. I also would like to ask each of you to comment on how FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate had noted that the skills attained with these grants and programs are perishable, and that we have to constantly plan, train, exercise, refresh equipment, as you have pointed out, to ensure that we don't lose the capabilities that we have gained since September 11, 2001.    Would you be able to continue the training that you have been able to do so far with personnel in the absence of any Federal funding or in the absence of the funding that is being proposed to be cut?    Mr. Donovan. My time is running out. I suspect that that would be true with all of you with purchasing and maintaining the equipment that you need to protect the jurisdictions which you are responsible to protect. Would that be accurate to say?    Mr. Donovan. Chief Turner, you were going to say something?    Mr. Donovan. Thank you very much, Chief.    As I said, my time has run out. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, the Ranking Member, Mr. Payne, for questions.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    At this time the Chair recognizes Mr. Loudermilk from Georgia.    Mr. Donovan. You are absolutely right. Just to continue in the vein that you were just speaking, Chief Kerr, Chief Turner, and Mr. Sena, last week the American Enterprise Institute released a report that claims that fusion centers are redundant to Joint Terrorism Task Forces, and that eliminating fusion centers or incorporating them into JTTFs would strengthen State and local information-sharing and intelligence activities.    Fusion centers, my understanding is, fusion centers serve as a focal point for gathering and sharing vital homeland security information between Federal Government, State, and front-line law enforcement and first responders, including fire service, as you said, Chief, emergency managers, public health, as well as the private sector. The primary mission of the JTTFs is to conduct terrorism-related investigations, which means the ability to share information with first responders would be limited because of the fear that leaked information could compromise an open investigation.    So eliminating fusion centers or combining them with JTTFs doesn't make sense to me. You are the experts. Have any of you seen the AEI report? If you have, I would appreciate your comments about their proposal. I open that up to the panel.    Mr. Donovan. I agree you do do a great job.    Chief Turner.    Mr. Donovan. I think, Chief, you hit a vital point that dispels the argument, the fact that these are 2 distinct responsibilities that are undertaken by these 2 entities, and that the elimination of 1 or joining the 2 could jeopardize our ability to protect our Nation.    The Chair now recognizes our Ranking Member for our final questions.    Mr. Donovan. I join my friend, Congressman Payne, in thanking you for what you do for the citizens of our Nation and your commitment to protecting them and their safety. I want to thank you all for your valuable testimony today, and for my fellow Members for their questions.    The Members of the subcommittee may have some additional questions of the witnesses. We will ask that you respond to those in writing.    Pursuant to Committee Rule VII(e), the hearing record will be held open for 10 days. This subcommittee stands adjourned.