    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Committee, for allowing me to be here to talk about some of the issues that are associated with Central State University and other 1890 universities.    I must try to restrain myself because, as a college President, the first thing you want to do is tell the wonderful things about your university. I don't have much restraint. Let me begin by telling you a little bit about Central State University.    Central State University is the only 1890 public land-grant university. We are also partners with an 1860, a little school in Columbus called the Ohio State University. Our partnership with them is very, very critical to making sure that we are meeting the needs of the people of the entire State of Ohio.    We are the last of the 1890 institutions, receiving the designation February 13, 2014. And that was really a charge that came out of the farm bill and supported so fervently by so many people. And we certainly do want to recognize Congresslady Marcia L. Fudge, who we have adopted as a Centralian, and we thank her for all of her efforts in that regard.    We do have wonderful alums who have come from Central State University, and the list goes on. But one that you might know quite easily is Congresslady Joyce Beatty, who is a soft-spoken, demure Congresslady who has done a tremendous amount of work here in support of land-grant institutions. She is one of our stellar alums.    You've heard President Bell talk about the needs of our students. And I want to make sure that we are very clear in understanding that the students who attend 1890 universities are very academically gifted students. We have the same sort of expectations, the same requirements, the same performance outcomes as any 1860 university. We expect for our students to perform. We expect for them to be contributors to society. We expect for them to get in, get out, get a job and contribute to the State of Ohio.    We are very, very happy to know that we have a supportive governor, Governor John Kasich, who supports Central State; Representative Jim Buchy from Ohio, who is also a very supportive person for Central State's 1890 land-grant initiatives. On our staff, we have retired Senator Chris Widener from Ohio, who is also a proponent of support for Central State University.    Our main focus as an 1890 university is to address some of the common issues that plague so many of our Ohio residents: Health issues, nutrition, obesity, high blood pressure, all of those issues that really can be ameliorated through a very, very sound agriculture program. What do you eat? What do you do with the food that you ingest? We are really proud to have a research component and an extension component that reaches out to ten counties, along with the Ohio State University, to try to solve those issues.    This particular legislation, H.R. 6020, will allow students, and not just African American students, but a vast amount of all students who wish to seek this kind of educational experience, to be contributing citizens of the State of Ohio. It is important that we begin very early in training and preparing students to understand their worth and value added to the state. In support of H.R. 6020, we need this sort of legislation to help keep students in school.    Basically, you cannot get a job at USDA or improve the economy if you are not well-educated. H.R. 6020 allows us to provide those opportunities. Too many of our students stop out, not because of academic reasons but because of financial reasons. And this is a burden on the families and on the students. And in order to make sure that we are meeting the state performance for students being able to contribute, they have to be able to get into school, complete their course of study within 4 or 4\1/2\ years.    Now, if you are a STEM-Ag major, it is going to take you a little bit longer because of the increased number of science courses that are associated with those fields. They need some additional help. Our students who are in our STEM-Ag programs, they get employment opportunities before they graduate. Water resource management, agribusiness, sustainable ag, ag education. It is important that we keep those students in school and try to increase the number of students who are going into those fields.    Students make the decision about what field they want to go into based on what they can afford. And it should not be that. It should not be that rationale. It should be what can we do to contribute to the state and to the nation. By 2020, USDA has said that they will have over 60,000 job availabilities. We need to be in a position to fill those jobs.    We ask for your support for H.R. 6020, and we know that we will make a difference because of its passage. Thank you very much.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Yes.    The Chairman. And I know that, I believe, Prairie View A&M and Texas A&M have partnerships as well. Can you talk to us about the benefits that brings to the educational experiences that students have? For all of you with the other land-grant schools in your states, how are the educational opportunities that are strengthened by having cross-pollinization, for lack of a better phrase, with the 1862 schools that in many instances are bigger with broader programs that allow your students to specialize and/or do things that you couldn't necessarily do if you were on a standalone basis? Is that going on and, if so, can you explain to us? We will just start with Dr. Jackson-Hammond and then Dr. Bell and Dr. Jones.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Absolutely. And thank you so very much for that question. It is important to realize that the Ohio State University has been an 1860 land-grant institution for somewhere around 100 years. With that designation they have a jump start over us.    At the time, President Gordon Gee was the President of the Ohio State. He really did try to foster and did foster with the Ohio Legislature the ability for us to seek that designation. And from that point, we have been working with the Ohio State to help build our structures as a new 1890 land-grant.    There are two parts of the 1890 funding: Research and extension. We work on our work plan with the Ohio State and will be submitting a joint report indicating the colocations we have in ten counties throughout Ohio State. Those counties--yes.    The Chairman. Actually, Dr. Jackson-Hammond, thank you. I was trying to figure out the experiences of students that would get these scholarships. Can they take classes at the Ohio State University? How do you facilitate that crossover?    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. In the state of Ohio, we have a SOCHE plan that allows for any students to take courses that are not offered at their university at another university at no cost. That partnership was already established.    But our research plan does include both institutions working on joint research projects where students do internships at the Ohio State, and Ohio State students will also be able to do joint research with us at Central State University.    The Chairman. Dr. Bell.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Yes, a similar collaboration exists within the State of Ohio. Because we are primarily an undergraduate institution, we have opportunities with the Ohio State to help build master's and doctoral programs, and that is where we are. Especially in one of our recent disciplines that we are trying to get on board is having to do with water conservation and water resource management.    By the way, we have the only water resource management undergraduate program, residential program in the United States. That is a really strong program that the Ohio State University is really trying to work with us to develop graduate and collaborative programs throughout.    The Chairman. I want to thank our witnesses. I am over time.    David Scott, 5 minutes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is very important also for the Presidents to address the importance of this bill in relationship to their own standing, their own ability that this will heighten their ability to genuinely have a seat at the table in higher education in a much more profound way than we have now.    On two points that you mention, we want to make sure that the Committee is aware that we have White students as well at these schools. And it is very important also to know that several of our colleagues who are Congressional partners here: Congressman Luetkemeyer, who is a graduate of Lincoln University; and Senator Joe Manchin III, who is a graduate of West Virginia State University. You see the critical role in the reach-out here.    And then the other point, following up on your excellent line of questioning, Mr. Chairman, is the enhanced position that these universities will have as they interlock with the 1860s, who are much further, more well-endowed financially to be able to do that. So that there will come a day when students at the University of Georgia will come over and be able to take courses that they don't have or that experience that they can't have at the University of Georgia at Fort Valley.    So the other point I would like to get to is, the other measure of this is the African American community itself. And I would like to just ask each of the Presidents to respond to what this bill will mean to you in terms of an enhanced role of leadership in the African American community, which is certainly badly needed. I am not sure many people realize that we do have a critical crisis of a breakdown in the African American family structure and what this means to be able to provide that kind of financial assistance.    I might just add, Mr. Chairman, that I am, as you know, a product of an 1890. But my experience is the experience of literally hundreds of thousands of young African Americans out there. For when I graduated from high school, I got an opportunity only because the people of Daytona Beach, Florida, got together and raised $300 for me to go to the college of my choice. I gave my mother $150. I took $150 and a Greyhound bus ticket to Tallahassee, Florida. Thank God there was Florida A&M. That situation exists today, and that scholarship opened up into others. Eighty-eight percent of all of the African American students that obtain a college education do so because they have had scholarship and financial assistance.    So if you could, I know my time is running short, but could you please respond as to what this truly means to you in each of your schools in terms of the leadership you can provide for the African American community and the nation as a whole?    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Thank you, Mr. Scott, for that wonderful question about what we do; 1890 universities are about the value-added that we give to families and communities. As Dr. Bell said, we work with a population of students who are academically gifted but may not have had role models or a level of leadership within their immediate communities that could guide them through the college experience. When they come to our institutions, and it is not just one ethnic group, it is all students who come to our university, they get hands-on, touch points at every level that helps to build their character, their self-esteem, their confidence, so that they can become competent leaders once they leave the universities.    One of the things that we do at most 1890 universities is say that your job is beyond getting just a college degree. It is about changing the landscape of the people in your communities. That is a built-in inherent part of our educational program. And the thousands and thousands of students who have gone on to make that difference is unbelievable.    Dr. Bell talked about her experience as a child in Alabama. I am from Louisiana. I have to share this, my father had a graduate degree but was not allowed at that time to practice as a psychologist. He became a school principal and worked in a very agrarian area of Louisiana where they had something called split sessions, and the students went to school year round because they had to pick cotton during the off seasons. I don't really know how that works. But it was a 12 month experience. And those are the students, for generations and generations while he served there, learned the importance of giving back to their communities. And that was long before there were institutions in some of these areas that spoke to the land-grant mission.    But that land-grant mission was embedded in those students, and we still embed that in the students that we work with today. Giving back to the communities, becoming leaders, becoming change agents. That is the core of what we do as an 1890, in addition to providing opportunities academically, so that they can have jobs and careers that change the economic and social dispositions of their communities and their states.    The Chairman. Dr. Jones, if you would respond quickly. We are way over time with Mr. Scott.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Yes.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Thank you for that observation. It is important that, although we mention the word is historically black colleges and universities. We have never been institutions that eliminated or disenfranchise any group of people who wish to come. As a matter of fact, Central State University's charter speaks not to African American students, but it speaks to those of good character who wish to have----    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Thank you so very much. Where Central State University is situated, it is in a very small community, and the majority of the residents there are not persons of color. This particular bill and this particular opportunity to reach out to a diverse population of students who don't look like me but also need the opportunities to go into fields such as science, technology, and ag, we certainly diversify the campus, the environment, and the communities so that there is a synergy about building a strong workforce in the area of agriculture.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. It is definitely a concern, but I can say in the State of Ohio, we have a very supportive governor and legislative body who supports Central State University.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. In 2014.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Thank you, Representative Gibbs, for giving me the opportunity to give a little history. And I am fortunate to have with me Senator Chris Widener, who was one of the Senators who carried that legislation in the Ohio Legislature. Is he here? Senator Widener in the back.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Yes, yes. And, of course, we were designated in the House for centuries, a century ago, but it did not carry through. And one of the groups that did not support Central State as a land-grant was the Ohio State University contingency. However, as years and decades passed, Gordon Gee and others began to see that we were an untapped resource in the State of Ohio and that they needed us as a partner to reach the various communities, the urban communities, some of the rural communities; that they could not make the necessary inroads just as a singular institution.    So along with Senator Widener and many of the legislators during that time, along with Gordon Gee, said, ``You know what, we are wasting a resource.'' And Central State University as a land-grant can certainly supplement, support, and have a wider opportunity to make a difference in the State of Ohio. With that, we went on in 2012 to receive the State Legislature designation and in 2014, we received the Federal designation through the farm bill.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Yes, extremely. Nowhere compared to the Ohio State, but at the same time, we have the same level of academic performance. We have the same expectations. And so as a small institution, we are able to reach that population of students who cannot afford the Big Ten schools or go to some of the larger institutions. We are very cost affordable.    I was sharing with the Congressman earlier that we have a large population of students from out of state. Forty-three percent of our students come from urban communities. And these are the students who want to remain in the State of Ohio and to be associated with the land-grant mission and the academic programs associated with that.    So we have certainly reduced our surcharge. We are the most affordable institution in the State of Ohio. We are addressing college affordability, academic performance, and economic growth.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Absolutely. Thank you so very much for raising that question. We look at our financial performance annually, monthly, to see the impact of stop outs on the university. Ohio is one of those states where the allocations, financial allocations are based on performance, college completion, graduation rates, course completion, and retention. All of those factors impact the amount of allocations that we receive from the state.    When you have 73 to 78 percent of your students who are on Pell grants and still have to have loans to supplement that, those are the kinds of dialogues that we are having every day about how do we keep students in school. When students drop out, then that impacts our performance with the state and, certainly, our graduation completion rate. We are limited in the funding that we receive from that.    It also impacts default rates when students take out loans and they cannot pay those loans back because there is just not enough revenue coming in from the family to support them. That default rate, in turn, comes back as a cost factor to the university. And so that is a serious implication not only for Central State, but for most 1890 universities where these are first-generation students without any financial support.    So it is great, and we do a great deal of financial literacy courses, programs, to apprise students and their families about the responsibility, but that level of education only is supported by students who have the wherewithal to pay.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Thank you so very much. That is what we do best, we brag about our institutions.    It is very difficult to tell you a lot about Central State because you have to envision this beautiful place and this very agrarian community. You could drive for about 20 miles and you see nothing, and then out of the beautiful landscape is Central State University. And it has become a hub for so many people, especially students from urban communities who have never had an opportunity to really touch grass and see beautiful trees and enjoy the flora and fauna.    And when they get there, they see the community of scholars, strong academicians, supportive staff, who really want to take a personal interest and do take a personal interest, because we realize that every student that comes to Central State University must leave as an emerging leader for themselves and for their communities. That is our charge. We can give them every opportunity and every academic program, but until they really internalize that, and they do internalize, they have a greater responsibility to a greater community.    At Central State, we have three tenets that we follow. It is embedded in everything that we do. The curriculum, the social activities, the student groups. And those three tenets are service, protocol and civility. And those are not meaningless words for our students. They understand that the education that they get is because they must give back in service. They understand rules, regulations, or protocol that that is how the world works. And they understand the importance of civility. How do we get along with each other, how do we respect the views of each other. And amid all of that character and intrinsic attributes that we provide, they also get a strong, solid academic experience.    I am proud to say that last year, we had 18 athletes who graduated, and 82 percent of them were in STEM-Ag majors. This year we have 18 football players who are graduating and 72 percent of them are STEM-Ag majors. And that is phenomenal, because we have this traditional thought about what athletes do. Our students are students who happen to be athletes. And so we have a very wide range of high-performing students across in the College of Business, Education, Engineering, and Social Sciences.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Because the larger population of our students at our institutions are African Americans, certainly, some of the scholarships are applicable. But we don't see anything related to a race-based scholarship. When we bring students into our institutions, race is not a consideration. Any time a student says, ``I want to be a STEM-Ag,'' that is our charge, is to educate and provide as much support. And all of our students have financial need.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. All of them, so we are not making any delineation.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. We look at the attrition rate from freshman to sophomore year, and usually that can range anywhere from 32 percent to maybe 40 percent. However, in the last couple of years, we have done a great deal of providing financial literacy to our students. And as we prepare for next semester and for the next year, we are finding more and more students being able to be retained because of their understanding of financial literacy concerns.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. Primarily.    Dr. Jackson-Hammond. I thank you so very much for that question, and I want to share with you the importance of agricultural education. And we have just started our School of Ag Ed. And the purpose of the ag ed is to prepare ag education teachers who are in the P-12 schools working with 4th, 5th, 6th graders very early on a track. When you talk about the Future Farmers of America, 4-H Club, Tri-C Club, these are our opportunities for students and families to know very early there is a ``projectory'' that leads to a college degree. Our School of Ag Ed just started, and so we are having an enormous amount of impact in rural communities where students may not have even thought about going to school, but they know that there should be something more and something better out there if they could just have a ``projectory'' to follow. And that is what we are doing with our education program.