    Mr. Duncan. Do you need some more time, the gentleman from California?    Mr. Duncan. You're yielded 30 seconds.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, and thanks for your approach to everything, Chairman Issa.    I first off want to apologize to the lady with the Department of State for coming across abrasive about another issue and I thank you for your help on that other matter.    We have established the fact that one of the Uruguayan Six has disappeared. We've also established the fact, I think, that there are certain requirements and parameters that must be met before detainees are transferred to a third country.    Uruguay told us--well, first off, Uruguayan law prevented intelligence monitoring and mitigation and former President Mutica said publicly that his government would place no restrictions on the movements of the six detainees that were released to Uruguay.    Later, we had their chief intelligence officer proudly inform the U.S. Embassy that these Uruguayan Six--the Gitmo Six--would not be restricted in any way and that he was not authorized to conduct monitoring or surveillance.    But if we go back to the requirements that have been talked about numerous times here this morning, surveillance and monitoring and some assurances were part of the deal.    So America needs to understand that one of the six detainees captured on the battlefield, al-Qaeda operatives captured either in Tora Bora or Afghanistan, has disappeared. Uruguay, Brazil, United States at this point have no idea where this individual is.    Now, this individual that we are talking about, Jihad Diyab, is a forger. He was responsible for forging documents, passports, travel documents for al-Qaeda terrorists. He's now disappeared into Brazil.    So let's take it to the 30,000-foot level and think about Brazil in general. We've got an area in Brazil and Paraguay known as the tri-border region. A lot of folks are transiting through Latin America through an area known as the tri-border region.    They're coming to South America, to that area, often times on fake passports--not necessarily forged passports, they are just passports that don't belong to them. And they are exchanging those documents in that region for other false documents and trying to transit through Latin America to get to America, to get to the United States.    Case in point--five Syrians traveled to the tri-border region in Brazil on fake Israeli passports. The hypocrisy of that, I think is alarming, that Syrians traveled to the tri-border region on fake Israeli passports, exchanged those documents for somewhere around $25,000 for fake Greek passports that they used to travel to Honduras.    Apprehended in an airport in Honduras trying to come to the United States on fake Greek passports. So now we have a Gitmo detainee forger for al-Qaeda has escaped, disappeared, whatever you want to call it, into Brazil possibly to the tri-border region to assist others from the battlefield.    ISIS operatives, possibly, coming to that area, exchanging documents, getting new forged documents or fake documents to possibly travel to the United States of America. But let's take it another step. There's a huge event getting ready to happen in Brazil known as the Olympics and that is a heck of a terrorist target, folks.    So we've got an al-Qaeda operative who is a forger, who has escaped in Brazil or disappeared in Brazil who has the ability to forge documents and he's in a country that is getting ready to host the Olympics.    I hope our counterterrorism efforts in Brazil, working with our allies there, are full bore.    So I am going to ask, now that this gentleman has escaped--he's gone missing, rather--is the Obama administration concerned about that?    Mr. Duncan. You've stated that. I asked you a question. Is the Obama administration concerned over Jihad Diyab's disappearance? Yes or no.    Mr. Duncan. We have established the fact that we all wished he would have stayed in Uruguay and would be right there with the other five. What I am asking you is the Obama administration concerned that he has disappeared?    Mr. Duncan. Mr. Lewis.    Mr. Duncan. Okay. Knowing what you know now, will you publicly repudiate the Sloan letter about the Uruguayan concerns so the Uruguayan Government, who this administration tricked, I think, about these people, can finally begin monitoring and controlling the remaining five detainees? Will you repudiate the Sloan letter?    Mr. Duncan. They did, and that contradicted some previous statements they had made publicly. So----    Mr. Duncan. I am sorry?    Mr. Duncan. We can go back through all of this.    Mr. Duncan. I can.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank the chairman for helping clarify that. The pattern is clear. We have been asking about these Gitmo Six and about the Uruguayans' ability to monitor them for a long time now and we have raised concern about events such as what we've witnessed in the last 60 days where one of the six has just disappeared who was an al-Qaeda terrorist.    There's no doubt about it. He was a forger. And we are supposed to tell these countries that these weren't terrorists, they weren't engaged in attacking or hurting our allies or our United States military in any way. Very clear that he was.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.