    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Over the past 2 years, negotiations, debates, and intelligence reports of Iran's nuclear program have largely overshadowed the regime's status as the most dangerous state sponsor of terror in the world.    With nuclear negotiations dominating the discussion, fewer and fewer conversations are being had regarding Iran's creation, funding, and continuing support for Hezbollah. As Congress continues to move legislation, provide resources, and maintain our vigilance over the chaos that has erupted in the Syrian civil war, Iran continues to support the Assad regime.    Iran is continuing to support a regime that has massacred hundreds of thousands of its own people. While I am aware of the current intelligence reporting assessment that Hezbollah's North American activity may be limited to fundraising, this is not reassuring.    What is more, this reporting is a warning that we must remain vigilant and take the necessary precautions to keep our communities safe. We cannot forget that, with Iranian support, Hezbollah has conducted numerous attacks against U.S. facilities, persons, and interests abroad.    In 1983, 241 American servicemen were killed when a truck bomb destroyed their barracks in Beirut. In 1988, Colonel William Higgins, a U.S. Marine involved in a U.N. observer mission in Lebanon, was kidnapped and murdered.    In 1992 and 1994, bombings of Jewish cultural institutions in Argentina, which Iran was directly implicated. In 1996, a car bombing in Khobar Towers, the U.S. military residence in Saudi Arabia, which killed 19 U.S. servicemen.    There is no doubt that Iran's terrorist ties extend beyond the Middle East to the Western Hemisphere, where, in conjunction with Hezbollah, it is engaged in fundraising, illicit financing schemes, and several devastating terrorist attacks. We cannot afford to be complacent. These activities constitute a real and continuing threat to our National security.    In 2011, before this very same subcommittee, with many of the same members you see here today, we heard expert testimony that Hezbollah was active and present in 15 American cities in the United States and 4 cities in Canada, including Toronto, which is 90 miles from my district.    Today, there will be a lot of discussion of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, otherwise known as the Iran Nuclear Agreement. As we engage today, I hope that we can have a serious dialogue about the dangers of Iran using an improved economy to fund its terrorist proxies across the world, and the United States' role in preventing these dangerous actions.    I think we can all agree that issue is both complicated and delicate, and there were trade-offs that we had to make. Ultimately, I believe the agreement provided the United States with an opportunity to halt Iran's nuclear weapons program, and, thereby, prevent a nuclear arms race, which would have overtaken the Middle East.    The nuclear agreement provides the best viable option we have to block Iran's pathway to a nuclear bomb. It is imperative that we continue to check Iranian influence around the globe and thwart future attacks. I look forward to a robust discussion with our witnesses today.    We especially want to thank our witness, Mr. Saab. He and his wife welcomed their first child this week.    Thank you for appearing before us today and congratulations.    With that, I will yield back.    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, very much.    First on the issue of the Nuclear Deal, and I think, however imperfect it is, the objective is something that everybody agreed with, and that is bolstering deterrents, keeping Iran from having that breakout capability.    Prior to the deal, it was estimated that the breakout time was a couple of months. Under the deal, it appears to be about a year, perhaps more, over a 15-year period. A lot of speculation, justifiably so, and skepticism about what happens after that 15-year period.    A couple of notes on that. Dennis Ross and David Petraeus advanced an argument that the administration should provide Israel with additional weapons, toward the goal of bolstering deterrents in the region, keeping Iran in check, relative to what their regional ambitions may be.    In doing so, they specifically referenced a 30,000-pound massive ordinance penetrator, otherwise known as MOP, and the means to carry it, be it a B-2 or a B-52. First of all, your thoughts on that? Anybody or everybody.    Mr. Higgins. Yes. Let me ask you this. You guys are relatively young, you know, well-schooled in this region, its politics, its history. You don't buy the argument that Iran has the potential to change over the next 10 years?    I mean, you really look at the hardliners, which is not a majority of the population, but they probably, at the moment, disproportionately influence the politics of Iran and how that is communicated to the Western world.    But there is also an argument that Iran, a population of 80 million people, feels humiliated the rest of the world has moved on, beyond them, fairly well-educated, young.    You know, Rouhani, he really is a reformer. Now, I am not saying that, you know, a reformer within, you know, the Western tradition, but clearly a reformer. He ran against the policies that created sanctions in the first place. The Supreme Leader, Khamenei, certainly could have forced a runoff, given the corrupt nature of the politics in Iran. He didn't. Rouhani was elected and said that the economic situation was even worse than he thought it was, as a candidate, upon taking election, taking office.    So I just think, you know, it is not, you know, it is not black and white. There are no absolutes there. You know, there is--you know, I think you have gotta take a nuanced approach to it.    You listen to the young scholars coming out of Iran, they speak of an Iran that wants to be part of the rest of the world, economically, culturally, and otherwise, because, you know, social media, Twitter, the internet is not only used for, you know, organizational purposes, in helping to create revolutions, but, also, for aspirational purposes.    So, even more, young people are seeing how everybody else is living, and they want to be part of that. So I think we are at a real critical time in Iranian history and politics, as to what Iran is going to be in the next 10 years.    Just a final thought on this. I saw where, you know, the father of the revolution, his grandson was trying to get into the general assembly, which selects the supreme leader. He was rejected, Khomenei. They said that he was too young and too inexperienced. The average age of the assembly that selects the supreme leader is 80.    Well, at the conclusion of this Nuclear Deal, Iran could be a very different place, with different leaders who have a different view of what, ultimately, Iran wants to be in the future.    I know I went over.    Mr. Higgins. No, I am good. Thank you. Thank you.