    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate all the witnesses being here today.    Two weeks ago I spent a week back in my district representing the 18 counties of Northeast Texas, and in traveling that district, one of the things I heard over and over again from constituents as a primary concern was the growing size of our Federal Government. Most of the 700,000 Texans that I have the privilege to represent are angry at the growth of government in this country and the impact that decisions being made by unelected bureaucrats in those agencies are having on their everyday lives.    They see the effect of these decisions in the lunches that their kids eat at school, in the requirements for their dishwashers and for their ice makers and for their air conditioners. They're outraged by a proposed rule from the EPA which would turn the puddles in their back yards into the waters of the U.S., and now last week they saw a government takeover of the Internet through new net neutrality regulations.    Every one of these regulations is an abridgement of some freedom, and it comes with a price tag. In fact, the Competitive Enterprise Institute estimates that the cost of these mandated regulations is $15,000 per household, which is a staggering 23 percent of the average household income in the United States. Twenty-three percent of the income of average Americans shouldn't be held hostage by unelected bureaucrats.    Consistent with some of these excesses that I've mentioned, Mr. Batkins, you noted in your testimony that since 2008 regulators have added more than $107 billion in annual regulatory costs. Did I had hear that correctly?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. And did I also hear you today say that the number of hours spend of Federal regulatory paperwork has expanded to $9.3 billion with a b hours per year?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, I think you'd agree with me that's an outrageous number, whether it's 9.3 or 9.9.    Well, I think that we're like minded on this issue, Mr. Batkins, and I think we're also both encouraged based on your testimony about some of the legislation that we're looking at, and you commented on Congressman Smith's SCRUB Act and the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlement Act, that if it was implemented, it would result in savings of billions of dollars in possible benefits, and 1.5 billion hours less of paperwork. Did I hear that correctly?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So my question to you is this, though: In your opinion, why would the regulatory reform efforts in these bills succeed when so many others have failed to result in real reform on these issues?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you, Mr. Batkins.    Mr. McLaughlin, you noted in your testimony that burdensome regulations are effectively a hidden tax on Americans. That is something that my constituents have heard me say often when talking about regulations in this country.    You went on to say that regulatory reform, if done well, could result in a tax return that benefits most lower-income Americans.    Can you speak to the broader effect that such a--well, I'll call it a tax refund would have on our economy? Specifically on family purchasing power on--and on overall job creation?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you.    My time has expired.