    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters, for holding this important hearing. I also wish to thank our distinguished panelists for testifying today, and for the dedication to ensuring the safety and soundness of our financial system through their participation on the Financial Stability Oversight Council.    As a senior member of this committee, I applaud the Council's progress to date, and I look forward to hearing from our panelists on the Council's priorities moving forward.    Two particular lessons learned from the crisis come to mind today. First, it is absolutely essential to have a bird's-eye view of our financial system, in order to identify and prevent systemic risks from destabilizing our entire economy. In crafting the Dodd-Frank Act, we in Congress recognized this fact and created the Financial Oversight Stability Council, an entity comprised of our banking, insurance market, and housing regulators who are tasked with ensuring the financial stability of the system as a whole.    Secondly, we should not just assume that the markets will take care of themselves. Instead, we must support and empower our regulators to be able to act when needed. We should be looking to strengthen our financial system and the safeguards we incorporated after lessons learned from the last crisis, rather than berating our regulators and attempting to restrict their ability to act by tying them up in bureaucratic knots.    My first question is for Mary Jo White. A much criticized report from the Office of Financial Research (OFR) discussed the risk that the asset management industry posed to the United States financial system. The critics argued that the asset management industry poses absolutely no risk to our financial system.    However, haven't the Council's actions, including the publication of the report by the OFR, spurred the SEC to take action with respect to money market funds?    Mr. Hinojosa. Can you elaborate on how the SEC was spurred by the FSOC and how these actions were making our markets and investors safer?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you. Next question, to the Comptroller of the Currency, Mr. Thomas Curry. Some critics have criticized Dodd-Frank's FSOC structure for allowing some of your agencies to have voting rights non-bank systemically important financial institution designations made by the FSOC.    Are you comfortable with the deliberative materials received from the Council staff? And do these materials adequately prepare you to make informed decisions?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you. Mr. Cordray, when assessing systemic risk for our financial system, has the FSOC taken a look at aggregate depth levels from various areas of the economy?    Mr. Hinojosa. Do you think the current amount of debt in the aggregate poses a risk to our economy? And why or why not?