    Dr. Dillingham. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Larsen, Ranking Member DeFazio, Mr. Duncan, and other members of the subcommittee.    My testimony this morning focuses on two areas. First, the developments in the industry, and second, the related challenges FAA faces in overseeing and promoting the industry.    Regarding the developments in the industry. As Dr. Nield has testified, one of the important developments in the industry in recent years is that FAA has been licensing and permitting increasing numbers and types of launches. The expansion includes moving from exclusively single-use launch vehicles to suborbital reusable vehicles. This expansion includes changes in the launch industry that are bringing significant changes to FAA's oversight, including determining whether and when to regulate the safety of crew and spaceflight participants and issues related to the increased workload for licensing and permitting launches.    Regarding the regulation of safety. In 2014, FAA released a set of recommended practices on human spaceflight occupant safety. Currently, FAA is working with the industry to develop voluntary consensus standards that are needed to implement the agency's recommended practices.    Regarding the second challenge, which focuses on increasing workload for FAA, the challenge includes licensing new and more complex types of vehicles and technologies, such as where companies are developing hybrid launch systems, which have both aircraft and rocket powered components. This challenge also includes licensing more complex launch sites. Launch sites traditionally have been located in coastal areas at Federal launch facilities. FAA is licensing more non-Federal launch sites, and in 2014, FAA licensed an inland launch site that is collocated at a commercial airport in Midland, Texas.    The potential impact of the challenges could have far reaching implications. For example, the expansion could affect the Federal Government's overall liability exposure and indemnification for launches. In general, by increasing the volume of launches and reentries and with the introduction of new types of launch vehicles, the probability of an accident occurring also increases.    A catastrophic accident could result in third-party losses over the maximum probable loss, or MPL, which is now capped at $500 million per launch and could in turn invoke Federal indemnification. In our July 2012 report, we found that FAA's MPL methodology, which was established in the 1980s, should be reviewed and updated. Given the advances that have taken place in catastrophic modeling, we recommended that FAA undertake such a review.    Congress subsequently mandated the FAA to review its MPL methodology and report back to it by April 2016. To date, FAA has not submitted the required report. Another concern related to the expanding commercial launch industry is FAA's budget request and resource needs. In 2015, we found that FAA generally based its budget submission on the number of launches that it was projecting for the following year. But during 6 of the 10 years from fiscal year 2005 to 2014, the actual number of licensed and permitted launches was much lower than projected. For 2016, FAA projected over 30 launches and reentries. To date, there have been 13 launches in fiscal year 2016.    We recommended that FAA provide more detailed information in its budget submission about the various launch related activities and overall workload. In our review of FAA's 2017 budget submission, we found that FAA had provided more detailed information. We plan to continue to work with FAA to assess what other steps they are taking to measure their commercial space launch workload and to provide that critical information to Congress to assist it in its oversight.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Larsen, and members of the committee, that concludes my prepared statement.    Dr. Dillingham. Yes, sir. There is a three-tier insurance scheme for commercial space. At the first level is the maximum probable loss insurance that is required of the launch, and that is set on an individual basis by the characteristics of the launch by FAA. If that probable loss, if that loss exceeds the MPL that is capped at $500 million now, then the Federal indemnification comes into play, which is a little bit more than $3 billion, and if the loss or the damage exceeds that, the third level goes to the launch company itself.    The problem with that, from our perspective, is that the calculation, the methodology that FAA uses to establish where that maximum probable loss is, is certainly dated by a few decades, and we have asked them to update that because that determines when the Feds become liable for the loss.    Dr. Dillingham. Yes. The taxpayers, subject to appropriations from the Congress. So it is very important that that maximum probable loss insurance segment that is required of the launch company be accurate and not pull the taxpayer in before the taxpayer should be pulled in or is legislated to be pulled in.    Dr. Dillingham. Mr. Larsen, that is hard to say, but what the evidence has shown us, and we have talked to FAA about this, that in some cases they were unable to do some 10 percent of their required inspections for launches. We talked to FAA about that, and you know, what are the implications of this? What are the safety implications of this?    The response that we got was that there were no safety implications, that the agency prioritized its inspections. I could not understand how a critical mission guaranteeing safety, and not able to do those inspections, was not, you know, something that needed to be dealt with. We told FAA or--and recommended to FAA, and they are following through on that to if they need more resources, that in order to make that case to Congress, they had to present better information so Congress could evaluate the need, and that had to be based on a more detailed explanation of what are the actual duties and responsibilities that the agency has and how does it match up with the resources they have.    And as we have seen, and everyone has testified to this morning, there is expanding responsibilities, increasing launches, but at the same time, the relative size of the FTEs is pretty much been level across the board, not matching.    So a lot of this is on FAA in terms of making that presentation to Congress to justify the resources that they will need.    Dr. Dillingham. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio. In one of our earlier reports, we made that exact point, that there is either inherent or potential conflict with the dual mandate of promotion and safety oversight. We also made the recommendation that FAA work with the Department of Commerce to come up with a memorandum of understanding that would in fact delineate which of the agencies would be responsible for what part of promotion in line with their statutory--their statutory situation, as well as their mission.    So bottom line, we still think that that is something that needs to be looked at. It is hard to know where that line is drawn, but the more the industry expands with all the different kinds of vehicles and technologies, it is becoming--it is still a risk and will become even more of a risk.    Dr. Dillingham. FAA developed the methodology to set the level of insurance in the mid-1980s, I think.    Dr. Dillingham. Dr. Nield.    Dr. Dillingham. Mr. Duncan, you spoke about Russia. And I think it is important to note that in terms of indemnification, where we have a cap of $3.06 billion, there is no cap in Russia so they have a two-tier system. Once the launch company reaches its goal, then the Government will support any amount of damage that occurs. And it is one of the concerns that the U.S. has in terms of competitiveness of launches, that if they have a better regime of indemnification and insurance, that companies may move towards offshore rather than U.S. launching them. So indemnification is really important.    Dr. Dillingham. As you know, the moratorium was recently extended. But as the U.S. is operating under that moratorium, one of the things that is supposed to happen during the course of that is the collection of operational data and experiences, which would in fact feed into the development of regulations when that time is appropriate and Congress makes that pronouncement. However, from what we can learn, there has been not a lot of coming together of presenting operational information from the various companies for competitive reasons or other kinds of reasons.    So as the moratorium goes forward, it is going to be important that the most safety related operational information is available to FAA so that it can in fact have a basis for regulation when that time comes.    Dr. Dillingham. Mr. Chairman, from what we were able to learn, FAA made an effort to establish that voluntary reporting system. However, they did not receive the kind of cooperation that they needed from the launch companies themselves, meaning that they were not really forthcoming with operational data for concerns with competitiveness and proprietary information.    As of the last time we spoke to FAA, that had not changed. It may require some kind of legislative relief in order to protect that kind of information if the companies decide to share it.