    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grim, let me make sort of a circle back just because you have seen in a lot of the conversations here a concern about the harmonization of who regulates whom, but the impact of it. And if I continue to look at the goals or the mission statement of the SEC--protecting investors, maintaining fairness, orderly markets--so when you are actually looking at what many of us believe is a crisis in the retirement world, the number of our brothers and sisters who are heading towards retirement with almost no savings, no assets set aside, when you are promulgating rules, when you are providing information to the Department of Labor, is there at least the discussion of, hey, accessibility?    This is going to go back to the conversation you and I had before the hearing of other platforms to provide information to get more of our public into the investor class. Do you take into consideration saying, here is the rule sets because we are trying to make everyone safe, but now we have just created another barrier, whether that be cost or bureaucracy, for the population to participate as investors?    Mr. Grim. Investor access to investment advice is a cornerstone of what we are trying to accomplish with both our SEC work on fiduciary duty, uniform fiduciary duty, and in our sharing of expertise with the Labor Department, a lot of it is around exactly that point.    And we have been very fortunate by publishing our study for Congress, pursuant to Dodd-Frank on the fiduciary duty, and then doing the additional request for information that we did on the uniform fiduciary duty, we have gotten a lot of input about just that point, and we are looking very carefully at it. It is not just the experts in Investment Management on advisers and Trading and Markets on broker-dealers, but our economics, our Division of Economic and Risk Analysis.    Mr. Schweikert. Mr. Grim, let's sort of do a sidestep, because it is off in a class. Let's say I have someone who is out there working their heart out and they are only setting aside $25 a week, or $50 a week, how do they get advice? We are seeing a number of the investment adviser organizations out there try to bifurcate, saying, ``Hey, we are going to give you advice and you can log in using your pocket supercomputer to get information.''    Are you working to harmonize that? Is there at least a discussion of, how do we make this information very egalitarian, but not also a cascade of legal events because you didn't put a period in the right place? I have a real concern that as we do more and more of this, one of the outcomes of Dodd-Frank is we have cut off so many people from being able to access advice.    Share with me, does it at least come up in conversation?    Mr. Grim. Absolutely. So as an example, some of the feedback that is relevant in the fiduciary duty, sort of developing a recommendation for the Commission there is, right, investor testing, investors--there was a study that the SEC had done even prior to Dodd-Frank, I think, that talked about investors and their preferences for the individual who provides them advice, or the type of account that they have, the type of fee structure that they want. All those things are critical to getting at exactly what you are you talking about, which is trying to do what we can to ensure that as many people as possible have--    Mr. Schweikert. But to that goal, should we as policymakers say, hey, we need to consolidate, we need to harmonize this concept of, the Department of Labor is going to be doing something over here that may create liability in cost structure, the SEC is over here doing things that may change liability in cost structure, SIFI or others, whoever else may be playing, CFPB may even?    Am I creating an environment where our layers of attempting to protect the world are going to lock a lot of our brothers and sisters away from being able to have even the most basic access to investment retirement information?    Mr. Grim. I certainly hope not.    Mr. Schweikert. But it is sort of happening, isn't it?    Mr. Grim. I think that as we develop our recommendation for what we are going to try to do--    Mr. Schweikert. As you are building--and I know we are out of time, Mr. Chairman--those, please consider, are we actually creating more barriers to entry than we are actually taking down?    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.