    Mr. Bruno. Thank you, Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, members of the subcommittee. Thank you very much for inviting me here this evening. I look forward to talking about the EELV program, the future of space launch, and how I am transforming the United Launch Alliance to meet this new environment.    In changing our company, I have asked our team to focus on four basic goals. First and foremost, to substantially reduce the cost of launch. Secondly, to move expeditiously and quickly towards an American rocket engine replacement so that we may retire the venerable and advanced technology, Russian RD-180.    We are going to do this while maintaining our unique capability to launch the entire suite of national security space satellites, a capability that no other provider has the technical ability to perform.    And then, finally, we are going to do all this without losing our laser focus on mission success, something we feel also sets us apart in this marketplace.    I would like to say a couple of words about our path to an American rocket engine. We entered into a strategic partnership with Blue Origin late last year, a company founded by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.    There are a number of reasons why that engine was attractive to us from a technology point of view, but I will admit that first and foremost in my mind was the urgency I felt to move towards an American rocket engine.    The BE-4 Blue Origin engine is 3 years into its development path and offered the most expeditious track to an American engine replacement. It is a methane engine and offers novel technology and advanced manufacturing techniques that promise to substantially reduce cost.    But as a person who has done rocket development for 30 years, I can tell you that it is difficult and rocket engines are the hardest part. And the history of rocket engine development is common with the occurrence of technical challenges and those that often affect schedule. So prudence required that I have a backup plan.    So we have also entered into a partnership with Aerojet Rocketdyne for their AR-1 engine with a more conventional kerosene-based fuel. You could argue that the technical risk of that approach is lower because the fuel is more common in the industry. However, that engine is 1 to 2 years behind the Blue Origin engine.    And so we will continue both of these until we down select in about the 2016, 2017 timeframe, when sufficient testing data has been available for us to make an informed decision. I have gone to my board of directors and asked for this to be funded privately so that we can move out smartly and do both of these activities.    Now, we will place this engine underneath the next generation of launch vehicles that will continue to provide that complete support to all of the national security space satellites, to all of their intended orbits, but we will also expand our performance capability so that we are able to meet the challenges that might arise in the future as the country finds new needs to be coped with in space.    I will also substantially reduce the cost of our infrastructure by streamlining our product line and streamlining our facilities and our other launch infrastructure.    So today we maintain a fleet of 16 different rockets. Other providers may have a single rocket or two rockets. We fly 16 variants in order to cover that entire span of national security space requirements. But within that fleet of 16, there are 2 redundant systems.    The Delta IV medium class is entirely redundant to the Atlas V class in terms of its performance. We have maintained these two systems all this time in order to satisfy the country's need for assured access, which is to say two independent systems so that, in the event that there might be a failure or a flaw in one system, there would still be a second system able to launch our critical national security assets.    In this new environment where the policy has changed to assure access through the existence of two providers, I will now retire the Delta medium class of space launch vehicles when we have completed our current requirements within the manifest and that team and that infrastructure will be consolidated into Atlas, creating considerable savings to our offerings.    I will also consolidate our pads. Today we have five launch pads to support this work. We are going to consolidate to two pads, one on each coast. We are going to do that by bringing in innovative designs to the pads that will allow them to be mission-agnostic, flexible, and handle the volume of lift that is currently requiring five.    And we are going to revolutionize the way people come to us to purchase launch services. We are going to introduce a standard launch offering, fixed price, priced in advance, that customers can buy and then add to that, if they desire, standard options also at a pre-priced.    It will literally be like going to a Web site and building your own rocket. It will completely change the way launch services are purchased. Together, with all of these changes and innovations, we will substantially reduce the price of launch from where it is today.    I would also like to say a couple words about reliability. We enjoy an unprecedented perfect mission success record of 94 consecutive flights, all of which were on time and, by the way, all of which were on or under budget.    This is a record no one has yet to match. And, from our perspective, when you are launching national security missions, some of which are multi-billion-dollar, one-of-a-kind assets upon which lives depend, reliability matters.    And so, in this environment, I am very excited about the changes in our industry. Competition is now possible. I believe competition is good for the taxpayer. I believe it is healthy for the industry. And I am looking forward to taking that field and putting my team there because I am confident that we can win.    Mr. Bruno. We have no objection at all.    Mr. Bruno. Competition, when it is possible, is universally good for the taxpayer. It is healthy for the industry. It drives innovation, and it drives value to cost.    Mr. Bruno. Absolutely.    Mr. Bruno. Certainly. So the most current interpretation limits us to engines that we had on hand prior to the outbreak of Crimea. The impact of that is that we will be unable to introduce the new American rocket engine before those engines are consumed.    We will have no more than 5 that we are able to use between our existing 36-core block buy. That means there will be a capability gap between when we are out of engines on Atlas and can no longer fly Atlas and when we have the earliest opportunity to introduce an American engine.    Mr. Bruno. Yes, we do.    So the reason we are retiring the Delta IV medium class is because it is inherently 25 to 30 percent more expensive than the Atlas. It is not competitive in the marketplace. So without access to the Atlas rocket, we are essentially unable to compete in that timeframe.    Mr. Bruno. Certainly. So today we fly Atlas about twice as often as we fly Delta. When I said a moment ago that Delta was about 25 to 30 percent more expensive than Atlas, that was adjusting for flying an all-Delta fleet.    I would also like to point out that ULA has consistently reduced costs from the beginning of the formation of the company and the EELV program through today.    Prior to the formation of ULA, the price of lift had risen dramatically due to the collapse of the commercial telecom industry. And the average price of lift was then, in fact, $400 million each.    As we entered into our block buy, ULA had driven that cost down to more like $200 million. And, of course, our goal is to eventually drive that price to $100 or below, so cutting it in half again.    Mr. Bruno. No. It doesn't go away. The capability contract is generally misunderstood. So let me clarify exactly what it is.    They are costs that all providers have. The capability contract pays for pads, laboratories, day-of-launch operations, and the infrastructure that supports all of that. It is simply a contracting choice that the Air Force has made.    Other providers receive these same costs. NASA contracts them in a single contract. The Air Force has chosen to break out into two contracts. The reason they have done that is because the current set of satellites currently on orbit that are now being replaced by the launches in the block buy are generally exceeding their designed life. And so there is tremendous urgency to replace those as quickly as possible.    The replacement satellites, however, are often experiencing schedule challenges and delays. And so it is imperative that, even though we don't necessarily know which satellite is going to show up to the pad when, that when they do, they can be promptly lifted.    So the Air Force decided to break out those launch infrastructure and launch-day costs into a separate contract to ensure that we had the flexibility to do just exactly that. And in fact, it enables us, together with the block buy of 36, to set up an environment where we have essentially planned every launch in threes.    So if we are targeting a given date in a given rocket for a spacecraft, we have identified a rocket ahead of time and a rocket behind that that spacecraft could move to, should it be early or late. We have, in fact, exercised that slot-manifesting technique six times last year in total transparency to the manifest and the Air Force without delay. These are costs that everyone has. They are simply contracted differently in EELV.    Mr. Bruno. What I am saying is SpaceX has those same costs. They are folded into a single contract when they do business with NASA, just like they are with me.    And, in fact, I should have also mentioned that, when we do fly a mission outside the block-buy contract, we, in fact, reimburse the Air Force a substantial fee for that infrastructure they have supported for each and every launch.    Mr. Bruno. So the current policy for assured access to space has moved from maintaining two launch systems with a single company to achieving two launch systems in a competitive environment across two providers or more than two providers.    That is allowing for competition. I think that is a wise and a healthy change in the policy, now that that is possible. The best way to achieve its ends is to ensure a fair and even playing field in which both companies are able to compete effectively.    Mr. Bruno. Certainly. But, first, I think I have to untangle some of the numbers we just heard to make the context of the answer clear.    So we, in fact, do not charge $400 million for an average lift. Our Atlas 401, which is roughly equivalent to a Falcon 9.1 within the block buy, costs $164 million, on average, for a launch service.    We have an entire fleet of launch vehicles, unlike other providers that fly, essentially, one bird. The average lift of all of that within our 36-core block buy is $225 million.    This is a 30 percent reduction as we entered into the block buy than from prior years, as we have been working our costs down. In fact, the most recent GAO report recognized the $4.4 billion that the block buy and ELC contract saved the government.    Within the recent cycle of Better Buying Power practices, this is fully one-quarter of all of the savings achieved by the Department. So there is a consistent trajectory of reduced costs. Four hundred dollars is not a number that I recognize. These are the actual numbers.    At the end of the block buy, the price of that 401, which is equivalent to a Falcon 9.1, will be more like $140 million for the next incremental buy.    The Delta Heavy is a different class of vehicle than the Falcon Heavy will be. One of the things that we have as a technical capability that other providers do not have is a high-energy upper stage.    So while performance may be roughly equivalent to LEO , to the most challenging orbits, the geosynchronous orbit, and the high-elliptical orbits there is still a performance delta that I urge the government to be considerate of as we make sure we have competition for the entire spectrum of national security lifts.    Let me also explain the RD-180. We have an RD-180 underneath the Atlas because the government asked us to. At the end of the Cold War, there was significant concern about Soviet rocket scientists ending up in places like North Korea. And so we were asked to find cooperative opportunities to keep those people employed in a productive way.    Additionally, the RD-180 represents advanced technology in rocket engines that did not exist in the United States then and still does not exist today. That technology will come to the United States when we develop our new American rocket engines. It constitutes a significantly higher performance in the advancement of the technology.    That is why----    Mr. Bruno. No. That is not correct. Let me help to explain. So the typical cost of developing a new liquid rocket engine is, in fact, around a billion dollars, with somewhat more money to incorporate it into a rocket. The American rocket engine that we have embarked upon with Blue Origin and, also, our backup with Aerojet Rocketdyne is largely privately funded.    Mr. Bruno. That is false.    Mr. Bruno. No. They have not all flown more than three times. So we have 16 configurations, 10 for the Atlas, 4 for the Delta IV, and 1 for the Delta II. The number of flights across that family is varied, and I don't off the top of my head have the exact scorecard for each one.    Mr. Bruno. But I will submit that for the record.    Mr. Bruno. 94.    Mr. Bruno. 94.    Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. Typically, it would be in the billions. So launch is, on average, 10 to 15 percent of the life-cycle cost of a national security space mission.    Mr. Bruno. Billions of dollars.    Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. I do. I have greater faith in the Air Force acquisition corps than my counterpart at SpaceX. I am convinced that they will find a way to create a level and even playing field and create real competition.    Mr. Bruno. No. It is not a subsidy. As I have said before, it covers costs that all launch providers have: pads, labs, day-of-launch operations, fuel and propellents, the infrastructure that supports them. The Air Force has simply chosen to contract for that separately from the production element.    Mr. Bruno. Yes. I expect to retire it in the 2018 to 2019 timeframe after we have accomplished the commitments we already have.    Mr. Bruno. Delta is inherently more expensive than Atlas and is simply not competitive in an open marketplace.    Mr. Bruno. It does. The investment for our new American rocket engine and our Next Generation Launch System will largely be private.    Private investment does not like uncertainty. And so this issue around 1608 and the availability of the RD-180 is making it difficult for us to close with our investors on that arrangement.    Mr. Bruno. I will maintain the Delta IV Heavy as long as the NRO requires it. I have made that commitment to the NRO and to the Air Force.    When we have the final version of our Next Generation Launch System, it will, in fact, have 30 percent more capability than a Delta Heavy has today and at a substantially lower cost. At that point, I expect the Air Force and the NRO will find a graceful path to migrate to that platform.    Mr. Bruno. There is a difference in timeframe, but it is primarily because the methane engine started 3 years earlier than the kerosene engine did.    Methane is a lower density fuel. And so the tanks on the first stage would need to be larger. The kerosene engine we are developing will also be longer in length and have different interfaces. So, for both, there will be pad changes that need to be made as well.    Mr. Bruno. If all goes as planned, we would have the next-generation rocket first flying no earlier than 2019, which would support a certification in 2022 or 2023.    Mr. Bruno. Just under 20 percent for us today.    Mr. Bruno. Our primary core market in mission has been for national security space.    Mr. Bruno. Ditto.    Mr. Bruno. Yes, it is.    Mr. Bruno. Yes.    Mr. Bruno. Substantially more than it costs now.    Mr. Bruno. So, Delta IV, depending on the configuration, costs between $400 million and $600 million----    Mr. Bruno. Oh, it could be upwards of $1 billion.    Mr. Bruno. No.    Mr. Bruno. I do not.    Mr. Bruno. I do not require government funding; however, there are wise investments the government can make, in reducing the technology risk of this new and advanced technology we are introducing, and I will not say no to help.    Mr. Bruno. We will, but we will be doing it in a different size class with different materials in advanced and more modern manufacturing techniques.    Mr. Bruno. They have a 5-year license hold on the design of the RD-180, not on the fundamental technology I am referring to, which is an oxygen-rich, staged-combustion process.