    Mr. Jeffries. Well, thank you, Madam Chair.    I thank the distinguished ranking member, as well, for his leadership, and all of the witnesses for your presence here today on such an important topic.    I want to start my questioning with Mr. Cohn.    So it is my understanding you advocate for weakening the Title IX process in the context of investigating campus sexual assault. Is that accurate?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. But the Title IX process provides for campus adjudications, but you contend that those adjudications are ill-equipped and therefore that should be abandoned. Is that a fair characterization of your position?    Mr. Jeffries. And you have a greater degree of confidence in law enforcement and the criminal justice system to handle these--    Mr. Jeffries. Right. But you acknowledge, of course, that the criminal justice system is imperfect, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And, you know, there are examples in the criminal justice system of people who have been sentenced to the death penalty who have subsequently been found to have been innocent, true?    Mr. Jeffries. The reason the criminal justice system--    Mr. Cohn.--one that is awful and one that might not be very good.    Mr. Jeffries. The reason the criminal justice system is imperfect--would you agree--is because of just the context of human error? And whenever you have got humans involved in the absence, perhaps, of adequate training, sensitivity, preparation, mistakes will be made.    Mr. Jeffries. Ms. Maatz, could you comment on, you know, whether you think there are meaningful protections and/or safeguards in the campus process as it relates to sexual assault, outside of the availability of the criminal justice system?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you.    I would just note in closing, as my time is about to expire, that it does seem to me that to the extent that there are imperfections in the context of the campus adjudication process that we should mend it not end it and address issues perhaps endemic to the fact that human error exists in all contexts, just like human error exists in the criminal justice context.    But we shouldn't abandon the entire process, particularly given there is a long history in American jurisprudence of having a parallel process: the criminal adjudication process, the opportunity for people to pursue vindication through the civil adjudication process, which, as all of you have pointed out, uses a preponderance of the evidence standard, the same exact standard used in the campus adjudication process.    Thank you for your testimony.    I yield back.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much.    Mr. Allen, you are recognized for 5 minutes.