    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    And, first of all, I would like to thank the chairman, Mr. Royce, for conducting this hearing.    And I would sign on personally to your concept that, if money is going to people who have committed acts of terrorism by the Palestinian Authority, that that should be extracted from our commitment to aid the Palestinian Authority. So I think that is a very good step, symbolic as well, but needs to be done.    I would also like to especially identify myself with the remarks of Ranking Member Engel. His commitment--and as we have heard from the witnesses, as well--for a two-state solution has not been dimmed by some of the horrendous downsides and setbacks that we have seen in the last 20 years.    And this two-state solution was a solution that was worked out. There was a great deal of optimism that it could work. Let me just suggest--I just got back from the Middle East, and I was in Egypt, Jordan, and Turkey. And the average people in those countries still believe in the two-state solution--the average people. They are not pro-Israeli, but they understand that, to have peace, they need this two-state solution. That was heartening to me.    What is disheartening to me is that we have the United States still acting so foolishly that we end up providing hundreds of millions of dollars to people who then spend tens of millions, if not more, building the very tunnels that Ranking Member Engel mentioned.    And I remember walking with you down into those tunnels. And, by the way, these tunnels are not just little holes in the ground. These are engineering efforts that are very expensive, engineering projects that I am sure cost tens of millions of dollars. And yet we continue, to make this consistent with what the chairman is saying, we continue to finance them at the same level.    I would suggest we make a list and that, when the Palestinians are obviously using their resources to conduct war on Israel, we should extract that from what we are giving to the Palestinian Authority and et cetera.    So, with that said--and, also, it is always great to hear former Congressman Wexler. He is almost as passionate as I am about things, and that is saying a lot.    Just one question for Mr. Pollock.    You said that perhaps it would be good for Israel to cease its tactic of tearing down buildings. It is my understanding that the Israelis destroy buildings when someone in the family who lived in that building has conducted a terrorist attack and murdered some kind of an Israeli citizen.    Don't you think that unilaterally ceasing that policy would not be something that would give them encouragement to stop the type of terrorism that this hearing is all about?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, as long as that caveat was put on, in terms of we will continue our destruction of those buildings that have a direct association with people who have committed acts of terrorism, well, then I might agree with that.    Mr. Rohrabacher. And one note. The Palestinians lost their land in 1948, all right? We understand that. And the Israelis that started their new country in 1948, they are a nation now. And I agree with Mr. Wexler's analysis that, for it to be the Israel that is a separate country and will have some hope, that it has to be recognized as a Jewish state and the right of return.    As long as that is a demand and that has not--people keep ignoring that issue. As long as that has not been accepted, that Palestinian refugees from 1948 are not going to be able to go back into what is now the state of Israel, there will be no peace, because there is no--Israel would never accept that because it would be the end of their country.    So I would hope that the Palestinian people decide that they do want to live at peace and accept that there is no right of return and that there is a two-state solution. So let us be optimistic that that someday can be achieved, while understanding that today this terrorism that motivated the chairman to call this hearing, that that is dealt with.    So thank you very much to the witnesses.