    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You have already stated, Mr. Roth, that it was a failure on the part of Dyson and Simpson not to report the incident. And their excuse was that they thought this would be self-reported. Do you believe that allowing individuals to self-report is acceptable?    Mr. Hice. So is this a policy problem or a communication problem?    Mr. Hice. So what does the policy say?    Mr. Hice. Does the policy state that individuals must self-report?    Mr. Hice. Okay. But you don't believe that that is effective?    Mr. Hice. But you just said that it's not an acceptable practice, and yet it's policy. So can we expect that policy to change?    Mr. Hice. Do you believe that Dyson and Simpson should be punished?    Mr. Hice. I am asking do you believe they should be?    Mr. Hice. Do you believe they should be punished?    Mr. Hice. All right. Do you believe that any personnel, be it with DHS or Secret Service or whatever, should be able to retire in order to avoid punishment for misconduct?    Mr. Hice. But I am asking your opinion.    Mr. Hice. But in order to avoid punishment for misconduct--we are seeing an awful lot of this these days, and it's quite disgusting to me personally and to a lot of people that I talk to. It's a way of dodging consequences for personal behavior. It enables people to behave any way they want to, and when they get caught with their hand in the cookie jar, they just retire with no consequences. And you believe that's okay?    Mr. Hice. Without punishment, though, for misconduct. Somewhere along the way we have got to deal with the problem of misconduct. And at this point, there seems to be nothing. And if anyone's caught, they just retire and there is no consequences. And that's an entirely unacceptable policy when all is said and done. At some point, misconduct has to be dealt with, because we are seeing, it seems like on a regular basis, Secret Service high profile cases of misconduct. And there is a root cause somewhere for this culture that allows for misconduct. What do you believe the root cause is?    Mr. Hice. Okay. So how do we correct it?    Mr. Hice. There is actually a reputation, and I know you know this, from the report that there is punishment for those who report----    Mr. Hice. -- misconduct. Have you ever considered rewarding people for reporting misconduct?    Mr. Hice. In any way. I mean would that help bring accountability?    Mr. Hice. Thank you.