    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you.    Good to see you, Mr. Director. Thank you for coming and joining us and for your service.    So I won't try to figure out if you discriminate against Christians or Muslims, who you are showing some preference for. I think that's another hearing here. But I'd like to ask you about the new guidance on the 3- and the 10-year bar.    How far are you along to implementation of that new guidance, given that one of the most infamous and onerous impediments to legal immigration was changing the law in 1996 here with the 3- and the 10-year bar? Before that, there was no 3- and 10-year bar. Where are we along the way on giving guidance?    Mr. Gutierrez. Yes. How much longer do you predict?    Mr. Gutierrez. Okay.    And then who exactly is going to receive this guidance? What's the name of this officer within your service that's going to receive this guidance?    Mr. Gutierrez. Immigration Services officers.    Mr. Gutierrez. And how many of these officers exist?    Mr. Gutierrez. You have thousands of them.    Mr. Gutierrez. For those kinds of--but we have thousands of them that could be eligible.    But they just don't only determine the 3- and the 10-year bar; they determine a wide variety of things.    Mr. Gutierrez. That's where I was--you must just be able to read exactly what I'm thinking.    Mr. Gutierrez. Yeah. You're good.    I thought, since it's new guidance--they're using the old guidance, right? And you're giving them new training. We might--and there's thousands of them, and you don't need thousands of them to do the 3- and the 10-year bar. You can take a group of people. You might want to train a group of people.    Mr. Gutierrez. So do we know who the 3- and the 10-year bar guy is that's been trained? Or woman.    Mr. Gutierrez. Okay. Now that there's more clarity.    And just for my friends on the minority and the majority side, I think this is important, because this could help us. Fifteen, 20 percent of the 11 million undocumented, with no action of the Congress of the United States, through the sponsorship of an American citizen or permanent resident that is eligible to sponsor them, could get their undocumented status cleared up. We could start doing the work that America sent us here to do. So I think it's a very important job.    Secondly, because my time is running out--I've got 40 seconds more. So, historically, people become citizens, there is an uptick in citizenship applications when three things happen: A, you guys increase the price, so people want to get in before there's an increase in price. That's not happening on citizenship.    But there are two other things that historically we've seen increase people's participation in becoming citizens. And since 6 million of the 8 million are Mexican nationals that are eligible to become citizens, this is particularly important to a group of people that have been called murderers and rapists, and it's very particular to them that they could become citizens at this particular point.    So the other two factors are an election and they feel under attack. Well, the feeling under attack, I think even the majority would probably say, yep, that one, they're under attack. And there's an election that they can use to respond to that attack. That has been traditionally.    Are you ready for what I expect to be hundreds of thousands of permanent residents who can be--if the past is any indication of what you're going to confront in the coming months, are you ready for that uptick in citizenship applications as we get ready to go into 2016 and those permanent residents legally admitted to the United States who feel under attack and want to participate get to participate?    Mr. Gutierrez. So, in addition to the two that I gave that will be drivers, there's the third.    Mr. Gutierrez. You guys are out there engaging the community civically.    Mr. Gutierrez. My time is up, and the Chairman is so good. I just want to make sure that everybody knows we're out there teaching them English, the Constitution of the United States, and getting them ready to be American citizens. And nobody can be against that.    Thank you.