    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Woodall, your criticism of the MetLife SIFI designation process is a matter of record and has been discussed at the hearing today. Your well-founded concerns are shared by many of us, and ultimately we should all ask ourselves whether it is wise for people with little or no experience in a given industry to be given the power to make significant consequential decisions such as SIFI designation.    There is a broader question as well that I was hoping to get your thoughts on. Many of us are concerned that American regulators are ceding responsibility to the FSB, which is composed of central banks, finance ministers, and regulators from around the world.    Given our shared misgivings about, for instance, FSOC members without insurance experience deciding to designate an American insurer, shouldn't we also be concerned about letting foreign regulators who lack experience in the American financial services industry, and who act in the best interest of their respective countries, take the lead in regulating our financial firms?    Mr. Rothfus. One of FSOC's most basic authorities under Section 112 of Dodd-Frank is to make recommendations to the Fed concerning which heightened prudential standards should apply to non-bank financial companies. Yet to date, the FSOC has not done so.    It would appear that FSOC is putting the cart before the horse, designating companies for heightened supervision but making no recommendations for what those heightened requirements must be.    The basic principle of regulation is that the benefits of imposing a regulation should outweigh the costs associated with doing so. Designating a firm for heightened supervision is not without costs. It is a serious matter that impacts firm behavior and may have even broader repercussions for the financial services industry, as well as consumers.    Chair White, how is it possible to ascertain the costs and benefits of designating an insurance firm as a SIFI if the Fed has not yet prescribed the heightened prudential standards that will apply to designated firms?    Mr. Rothfus. It is a good idea, wouldn't you agree, that a basic principle of regulation is that the benefits of proposing a regulation should outweigh the costs associated with doing so?    Mr. Rothfus. Director Watt, is the FSOC evaluating the Fed's historically accommodative monetary policy stance to see whether that policy has led to excessive risk-taking in the financial system?    Mr. Rothfus. Do the Fed's destabilizing monetary policies get a pass from the FSOC because the Fed Chair sits on the     Mr. Rothfus. So the Fed--or the FSOC isn't taking a look at the Fed's balance sheet, for example, that it has gone from $800 billion to $4.5 trillion over the--    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.