    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the Ranking Member for this hearing. As a child growing up in Southern California in the aerospace industry in the '60s and early '70s, it was remarkable what we could accomplish as Americans when we dreamt big. And when we think about the International Space Station, it really, truly is an engineering marvel, something that over time has, as the witnesses have noted, 15 years of uninterrupted humans living in space. Remarkable.    When we think about this and when we think about where we want to go, we have to continue to think big as a nation. We have to not be afraid of thinking and addressing the issues, particularly as we dream about human space travel to Mars. We don't know how we're going to get there, but that should not daunt us and that should not stop us, and that should not stop us from making the investments that allow us to continue to incrementally dream big.    Again, that is what we've done throughout our existence as human beings. We've not been afraid to explore. We've not been afraid to ask those questions, and certainly this body has a responsibility to continue to push for the next generation of discovery.    That said, we increasingly move to this coordinated role between what the public invests in partnership with commercialization of space. The last few months have been a bit concerning. We've been fortunate that the accidents did not have human beings on there and only cargo. But as we look at this partnership of commercialization and human space travel and taking human beings to the Space Station and beyond, it is a bit worrisome.    My question, let me direct it to Mr. Martin. In light of these recent accidents and the investigation of these accidents, could you elaborate and maybe expand on NASA's role in making sure there's a transparent investigation? I mean there is some concern if just the commercial entities are investigating without NASA's role.    Mr. Bera. That would be great.    Mr. Bera. And do you feel confident that there's that transparency in there and that we as a body, Congress, will be able to see that transparency and get the full details?    Mr. Bera. Okay. Great. And with that I'll yield back.