    Mrs. Dingell. No objection.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to start by welcoming the Ranking Member of our Full Committee, Mr. Grijalva, and thank him for taking time to add his considerable expertise to these proceedings. He knows Arizona well.    I want to extend my appreciation to all of the witnesses who took the time and effort to be here with us today. I am especially grateful to the Department of the Interior, who has testified about this same issue multiple times in this committee.    Securing the lands along our border is a serious responsibility, both at the Southern and Northern borders. I use this to remind everybody we have a Northern border, too, which we don't talk about as much. And I know it is one that neither the U.S. Border Patrol nor the Department of the Interior takes lightly.    I also know that both agencies understand the importance and value of our Federal lands along the border, not only to our Nation as a whole, but to local communities whose economy depends on them. As we have heard before, both agencies are committed to working together to ensure that both national security and Federal land management go hand in hand.    But some would have you believe that the only way to achieve border security is to throw our environmental protections out the window. They will have you believe that the only safe option is to militarize the borders with barriers and guns. There is one person, in particular, who will have you believe that the only way to ensure our safety is to build a concrete wall across the entirety of the U.S.-Mexico border, including our Federal lands, and that that wall should be paid for by Mexico, all $25-billion-plus.    But what they may fail to mention, is that Congress has already required Customs and Border Protection to build nearly 700 miles of fencing across the border, much of which was built across Federal lands. As a result, a large portion of fence was built without consultation from the public, private landowners, or Federal land management agencies. An alarming 37 laws were laid down, including fundamental environmental protections like the Endangered Species Act and the Clean Water Act. The fence has since caused major damage to American communities, local and regional economies, and has further threatened endangered species.    The migratory and breeding patterns of diverse animal species, like the wild jaguar, have been disrupted. The normal drainage of rainwater has been re-routed, causing flooding like that which caused the collapse of a 40-foot section of the fence in the Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.    In communities along the border, the economic damage of the fence has also been substantial. In these communities, frequent crossing of the border is a way of life. Residents may live on one side of the border, while working, shopping, or eating on the other. The fence literally splits these residents' lives in two, and disconnects them from family and friends. Business owners have also suffered, as long wait times at designated ports of entry deter visitors. Private landowners have been forced to allow the fence to be built on their property with little compensation, drastically reducing their property's value and appeal.    Fences and walls are a harmful, knee-jerk reaction to a complex issue. As Pope Francis said, ``We need to be focused on building bridges, not walls.'' Both Customs and Border Protection and the Department of the Interior understand that protecting the border, our wildlife, and our communities can be done in unison; but they must be done thoughtfully. Bypassing important laws and protections is both unnecessary and unhelpful.    I encourage the committee to work with these agencies to try to reach a meaningful, long-term solution.    I yield back my 32 seconds.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Walden, as a representative of a border state, myself, I am sympathetic to the concerns that our witnesses have raised about ensuring safety and security along the border. However, important environmental laws do not need to be sacrificed in order to have Customs and Border Protection do its job.    Unfortunately, they have been sacrificed in order to build a fence, and there have been consequences. Wildlife almost always migrate north to south when climates change, in order to find a more suitable environment depending on the climate shift. In an era of climate change, particularly in the U.S. Southwest, where temperatures are rising and droughts are increasing, blocking off the entire northerly route for migrating species will devastate their ability to move, adapt, and survive.    You alluded to some of the ways that fences hurt wildlife in your testimony. Can you go into further detail on this issue for us?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you. Mr. Andrew, it is important to say that no amount of crime is acceptable, and it is not. I would be terrified if I had been kidnapped. As we try to reduce these instances, we have to look at the big picture.    One of the questions that the core of the Majority claims about crime along the border is whether the crime rate has improved since the Bush years. The Majority has cited an example from a GAO study on public lands and Border Patrol access to try to demonstrate that the Memorandum of Understanding is not working, and that CBP is still held back from doing its job. But the GAO study was written back in 2010. Can you tell me whether each recommendation from that GAO report has been implemented?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you. Ms. Walden, I am going to try to ask a question fast. Since then, the GAO has taken another look at crime along the Southern border. In a 2013 report, they found that GAO's analysis of data for the Southwest border counties with sufficiently complete data show that, generally, both violent and property crimes were lower in 2011 than in 2004.    For example, the violent crime rate in three states' border counties was lower by at least 26 percent in 2011 than in 2004; and in another state, lower by 8 percent in 2011 than in 2005. Is that consistent with your experience as a resident and business owner?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chair.