    Mr. Balto. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, for inviting me to testify today. This is a very important subject. My testimony today is based on my years as a government enforcer and in representing consumers, public interests groups, PBMs, payors, and pharmacies, and PBM matters. And I've testified on several occasions for consumer groups. I have a simple message. By any measure the PBM market is severely broken.    If you look at my testimony on pages 7 and 8 you see that profits are increasing rapidly. Margins are increasing rapidly. By any measure this market is not behaving competitively. Why is that? Normally for a market to function effectively, you need threes things: choice, transparency, and a lack of conflicts of interest. On all three of these measures, the PBM market receives a failing grade. Think about just the issue of--my testimony documents how as drug prices are increasing PBMs are increasing their profits too. They're profiting from increased prices through increased rebates. You don't have to guess about this. If you look at page 7 of the Consumer Union testimony, they document instances where there have been government enforcement actions where PBMs have forced consumers to higher priced, less efficacious drugs in order the maximize their rebates. Now, normally a payor faced with this situation would go and ask for information on rebates. But the PBMs won't provide that. They won't provide that kind of transparency.    Now, in the Department of Labor proceeding that the Ranking Member mentioned, the Department of Labor is considering careful regulation to require transparency. And on one side of the table, you have Fortune 50 corporations, Consumers Union, and the AFL-CIO all saying: We want that greater transparency. And who pops into the room but the FTC. And the FTC says: No. Transparency regulation would be a bad idea. We know what marketplace realties are, but economic theory teaches us that transparency would be bad.    I don't know what counts as regulatory chutzpah to this Committee, but to me that's really regulatory chutzpah. Obviously the Department of Labor and other entities should go and regulate and require the kind of transparency that these PBMs fight tooth and nail to try to avoid.    Why do these problems occur? Because the FTC has effectively made this a regulatory free zone. They have stopped investigating mergers. The last two big PBM mergers they didn't even require a document or conduct a deposition. Including CVS' acquisition of Omnicare which major consumer groups cried out do an investigation, but the FTC says, no.    What does this mean for consumers? First it means these folks can go and merge at will. If these two companies wanted to merge tomorrow, if they wanted to go to the FTC's marriage chuppah, and ask it be merged, we don't know what would keep the FTC from saying no by the standards they are applying today. But there are worse effects. When you wonder about why Walgreens would acquire Rite Aid, it is so that they can battle against the dominance of these PBMs so they can have a fair seat at the table. Now that may or may not be a good merger, but the need for that merger is on the FTC's doorstep.    But, when you create an enforcement free zone, everybody listens. It is not just the PBMs who will engage in increasingly abusive conduct, increasingly abusive conduct. It's everybody else. So a pharmaceutical manufacturer who says what keeps me from increasing prices 6,000 percent? The FTC is asleep at the switch, let me do that.    What does this Committee need to do? First, pass legislation to provide for a fair MAC transparency. The consumers care about whether or not community pharmacists know what they are buying a drug for, because that pharmacist is the consumer's agent. And when they are forced to dispense drugs below cost, everybody suffers except PBMs which are increasing their profit.    Second, go and investigate in restricted networks, restricted part D networks but especially restricted networks for vulnerable consumers who have critical disabilities and specialty drugs. Specialty drug spending is increasing dramatically. That's the major mover to drug spending. And having a market where the PBMs increasingly force consumers into their own specialty pharmacies is sort of like putting the fox in charge of the hen house.    Third, the PBMs have a new--there's a new approach in going and attacking patient assistance programs. Patient assistance programs are programs by pharmaceutical manufacturers to enable patients to afford drugs they might otherwise not be able to afford. Those also should be investigated.    The most important thing I say in my testimony, and I really urge the Committee to spend time looking at this is what I say on page 6, it is really heartfelt and it is based on years of representing consumers. Who represents the consumer when in getting drugs it's the pharmacist who represents the consumer. The pharmacist, as the Chairman has indicated, will go to battle with the PBMs to make sure the consumer receives the right drug at the right price and they need to be protected. I welcome any questions you have.    Mr. Balto. Oh, it is very simple, I mean, when you look at the problem of escalating drug prices one thing people would want to know is what's happening to the rebates. And since the merger of Express Scripts and Medco occurred it is even harder for plans, plans I represented to get that kind of rebate information. If they got the rebate information, they could make sure the right decisions are being made and they could get more of the rebates and that would result in lower costs to consumers.    Mr. Balto. I think they allowed economic theory to replace marketplace realities and they are failing to see the real harm to consumers and plans and the limitation of their choices.    Mr. Balto. In a competitive market, profit per script would not be increasing by 75 percent in 3 year period. That is a clear sign that the Express Script, Medco merger has been anti competitive and consumers are being harmed.    Mr. Balto. Correct.    Mr. Balto. Well, first of all, Congressman, what we're looking at are entities that are moving information and are moving----    Mr. Balto. I wanted to explain it----    Mr. Balto. Sure. And I'd like to respond to you in writing because it's a complicated question.    Mr. Balto. But in my testimony, looking at just their margins, their margins have increased substantially. But let me answer you more carefully in writing about what the answer is.    Mr. Balto. Well, look, I think the PBMs--there is a service that the PBMs perform, and the question is, is the market acting competitively? Is their ability to lower prices being fully translated in lower prices to consumers?    And we see these trends which the Ranking Member identified, which the Consumers Union statement identified that shows that with higher drug prices that their profits seem--their profits are going up.    Mr. Balto. If the market is behaving competitively, you would expect price to be competed down to marginal costs. You wouldn't expect to see their profits per script increasing in this fashion or their profits increasing overall in this fashion.    Mr. Balto. There's no downside. And somehow, in 19 pages of testimony, I did not deal with the collective negotiation point. I apologize.    Mr. Balto. There is clearly a significant advantage to pharmacies coming together. There is antitrust uncertainty, and antitrust exemption would be appropriate. My colleagues on the panel tell you about PSAOs. Those PSAOs are ineffective. In fact, PSAOs are often prohibited by the PBMs of even turning over the contracts to individual pharmacies.    There needs to be greater ability of people like Mr. Arthur to collectively negotiate to protect their interests.    Mr. Balto. By the way, just to supplement Mr. Arthur's comment about the services, one critical issue----    Mr. Balto. I was trying not to.    Mr. Balto. It didn't work.    In terms of the transparency line, I think we should listen to what, you know, what's going on in the market. The Department of Labor proceeding that the Ranking Member mentioned before the ERISA subcommittee, unions and major employers and consumer groups all talked about the kind of transparency was necessary for a plan sponsor to fulfill his fiduciary duty, to make sure he was receiving--that the plan was receiving the benefit of the bargain.    And that requires very robust disclosure of the rebates that the PBMs are receiving from the pharmaceutical manufacturers. And then the plan sponsor armed with that information can make sure that they're receiving the best deal in their arrangement with PBM.    Mr. Balto. So for me as a plan, an employer or union, what I'm purchasing in part is their ability to negotiate rebates. And so I want to know how they're doing at that specifically, for those, you know, for the manufacturers. And then look drug by drug, over time and see how effective they're being at that. And then that way, I can figure out whether or not I'm getting the benefit of the bargain, whether those rebates are helping to lower my pharmaceutical costs.    Mr. Balto. Sure. First of all, these firms own their own mail order and specialty pharmacies. It's in their incentive to drive consumers away from these community pharmacies that they want into their own pharmacies where they can maximize their profits. And especially for people who need specialty drugs like your daughter, that's a real critical concern, especially when specialty drug spend is increasing so dramatically. And that's why this Committee needs to look at the restricted networks these PBMs use.