    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you, Chairman Boustany, Ranking Member Doggett, and Members of the Subcommittee for the invitation to appear today. My name is Rebecca Vallas, and I am the Director of Policy for the Poverty to Prosperity Program at the Center for American Progress.    Without our Nation's safety net, America's poverty rate would be twice as high as it is today and more than 40 million more Americans would be poor. In addition to mitigating poverty and hardship in the short term, our safety net is also an investment that pays long-term dividends.    For example, children, helped by programs such as the EITC and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program have improved health, are more likely to graduate high school and attend college, and have increased employment and earnings as adults.    A strong safety net is of the utmost importance to us all, given that fully half of Americans will experience at least 1 year of poverty or near poverty at some point during our working years, a figure that rises to a whopping 80 percent if you include unemployment and needing to turn to the safety net.    Unemployment Insurance, Social Security Disability Insurance, and Supplemental Security Income are some of our Nation's most effective antipoverty tools. While the benefits that these programs provide are modest, they are nothing short of a lifeline.    UI replaces less than half of wages for the typical worker, but it protected 5 million hard-hit Americans from poverty in 2009, at the height of the Great Recession, and it prevented 1.4 million foreclosures between 2008 and 2012.    Disability Insurance benefits are so modest that 1.6 million beneficiaries live in poverty. But without DI, more than 4 million disabled worker beneficiaries would be poor.    SSI benefits are even more modest, on average, just $541 per month, half the Federal poverty line for an individual. But for many beneficiaries, these benefits are the difference between having a roof over their heads and being out on the streets. SSI is also particularly vital for families caring for children with the most significant disabilities and severe health conditions.    As we seek to ensure a strong safety net, ensuring program integrity must be a top priority. Thankfully, these programs have rigorous safeguards to root out improper payments and have payment accuracy rates of over 90 percent.    It is important to keep in mind that the vast majority of improper payments are not due to fraud, which comprises just a tiny fraction of overpaid benefits in these programs. We must work together to ensure that payment error rates remain as low as possible, and providing DOL and SSA with adequate administrative funding is of critical importance to achieving that goal.    Unfortunately, appropriators have long deprived these agencies of the resources they need to perform critical program integrity activities that pay for themselves many, many times over in the long run.    The Social Security Fraud and Error Prevention Act introduced by Mr. Becerra and Ranking Member Doggett would ensure that SSA has the administrative resources it needs as well as taking other important steps, such as heightening the penalties for defrauding Social Security, keeping evidence from fraud-committing doctors out of the disability determination process with limited good-cause exceptions, putting CDI units in all 50 States and more. These are crucial steps with bipartisan support, and I would urge Congress to swiftly pass these important legislation.    Importantly, we must take a hard look at proposals that aim to enhance program integrity to ensure that they will not lead to unintended consequences. For example, the SAIL Act, which we heard about earlier, raises significant concerns along these lines.    Education is, without question, the key to success, and ensuring that all young people have access to a high-quality education must be a foremost national priority.    However, as currently constructed, this bill would penalize our Nation's most vulnerable youth for experiencing legitimate and understandable interruptions in their schooling. H.R. 918, the DI/UI Double Dip Elimination Act also raises serious concerns along these lines.    Policymakers and elected officials on both sides of the aisle have long shared the goal of helping people with disabilities to work. However, this bill would undermine this bipartisan objective by punishing beneficiaries who do attempt to return to work.    Finally and fundamentally, in addition to keeping fraud and abuse as rare as possible, achieving the goal of program integrity also requires that we address egregious backlogs so that Americans with severe health conditions need not die by the thousands waiting for the benefits that they need, as is currently happening across the United States, that State UI phone systems work properly so that unemployed workers can timely access jobless benefits while seeking to get back on their feet, and that beneficiaries do not get hit with large overpayments, despite doing everything right, due to massive delays in processing work reports. Adequate administrative resources are critical to keeping these basic promises to the American people.    In addition, I discuss in detail in my written testimony several commonsense steps that would strengthen vital programs while also reducing improper payments, such as simplifying Social Security's work rules, improving its earning reporting and recording systems, using computer algorithms to prevent overpayments before they happen instead of just to detect them after the fact, and, finally, reforming SSI's outdated asset limits, which have not budged in nearly 3 decades, as well as the program's income counting rules, which also have not changed since the program was established.    I look forward to working with the members of this subcommittee to ensure program integrity in our safety net. Thank you. And I am happy to take any questions that you may have.    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    I would reiterate, as you have and as others have this morning, the importance of keeping in mind the difference between an overpayment, which can be an accident or a miscalculation, and fraud, which really does require the intent to defraud a system or a program. And the vast majority of overpayments in the programs we are discussing this morning are not due to fraud. They are due to administrative error, miscalculations and so forth.    And I will give you one example which ties in very much with administrative resources or the lack thereof, which you mentioned in your question.    One significant consequence of years of appropriators depriving the Social Security Administration of the resources it needs in order to keep up with its workload is that there is now a significant and massive delay in processing beneficiary's earnings reports.    The most recent statistic that I have heard from the agency is that the delay in processing a beneficiary's work report, how much they earned, is now 270 days, or 9 months. That is how long it sits on someone's desk waiting to be processed.    So a DI or SSI beneficiary can do absolutely everything right, faithfully report his or her earnings, and, yet, still get hit with a massive overpayment that is not his or her fault and that really is just a mistake months later.    Another leading cause of needless overpayment is the outdated asset limits and income limits that you mentioned, Congressman, in the SSI program. They have barely budged from where they were set in the 1970s.    And so beneficiaries are effectively prohibited from having even modest, just precautionary, savings just in case there's a leaky roof or their water heater breaks. They cannot even have more than $2,000 in the bank. So, as a result, what we are seeing is overpayments that would never have occurred under the original intent of the SSI program. And the same is true with the income rules as well.    Ms. VALLAS. Well, it is really worth mentioning and reiterating how strict the disability standard is. So, in addition to the 2 million very-low-income seniors who receive SSI benefits, we are also talking about individuals with the most significant disabilities, the most severe illnesses, many of them actually terminally ill, people with significant cerebral palsy, Alzheimer's, severe mental illness and so forth.    And these are individuals so have largely nothing else to turn to, nothing else to rely on. And so SSI benefits really are for them. It is the difference between having a roof over their head, being out on the street. It can enable people to afford needed copays on life-sustaining medications. I can't reiterate the importance of the SSI program to its beneficiaries.    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    I did mention that in my written testimony and in my opening statement because I think it is important that we take great care as we work together in a bipartisan fashion to root out fraud and abuse that we not unwittingly move forward legislation that would carry with it unintended consequences that could weaken these vital programs and really serve as benefit cuts for the neediest Americans.    I mentioned the SAIL Act, which I have great concerns could result in interruption of SSI for children with significant disabilities who face very legitimate and understandable interruptions in their schooling. So, for example, many SSI beneficiaries are too sick for full-time school. Many are actually terminally ill. Back in 2013, 7 percent of the SSI child caseload was terminated due to the death of the child.    Other reasons for interruptions in school can include homelessness and poverty, which can lead to movement, geographic mobility, a high risk of needing to enroll in different schools. Students with disabilities are also substantially more likely to be bullied than their peers, which can lead to gaps in school enrollment.    And, finally, students with disabilities are disproportionately likely to be suspended or expelled from school, which then the SAIL Act could result in a destabilization of the family's income at the very time when they are also dealing with school discipline.    You mentioned the Double Dip Elimination Act, which pertains to Unemployment Insurance and Disability Insurance, and I have significant concerns about that piece of legislation as well.    First, Social Security's disability programs contain strong work supports and incentives for those who may be able to return to work. And so people who receive Social Security disability benefits are permitted and, in fact, encouraged to work. As a result, they can experience job loss. It can end up resulting in Unemployment Insurance eligibility.    And what we really don't want to do here is to take a step backwards and to create work disincentives for disabled worker beneficiaries who, I think, on a bipartisan basis, we all want to work together to encourage and support in returning to work if they are able.    There are other reasons I have detailed in my written testimony of why I am concerned about that bill as well.    And, finally, I would mention the CUFF Act, which came up previously. And while the Social Security Act appropriately prohibits individuals who are fleeing to avoid law enforcement from receiving Social Security or SSI benefits, it is important to keep in mind that the previous SSA policy of terminating benefits anytime they had a match with a database that revealed an outstanding warrant had significant problems in its approach.    First, SSA frequently suspended or denied benefits in cases where warrants were so old that the law enforcement entity had no intention of pursuing them anymore, decades-old warrants.    Second of all, there were frequent cases of mistaken identity because of unreliability of criminal records databases.    So, for example, Rosa Martinez, a 52-year-old disabled woman, in 2008 was notified that she would lose her disability benefits because of a 1980 arrest warrant for a drug offense in Miami, Florida. Now, it came to light that Ms. Martinez had never been arrested in her life, had never used illegal drugs, and had never even been to Miami.    These are the kinds of people whose lives would be negatively impacted by returning to the overbroad policy that SSA rightfully reversed subsequent to the court decisions that the IG mentioned.    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you for the question, Congressman. The average weekly unemployment benefit at the end of 2014 was $317, which comes to $1,268 per month.    Ms. VALLAS. For a family of three, the Federal poverty level in 2014, so we can compare apples to apples, was $1,649 per month.    Ms. VALLAS. That is exactly right. That is the case for many families unfortunately.    Ms. VALLAS. That is correct, Congressman.    Ms. VALLAS. The average, well, I should say, first, for the typical worker, a DI benefit replaces less than half of their previous earnings. So for most folks, it really is a significant drop in their standard of living. The average DI benefit in this year, 2015, is $1,165 per month, which is just over the Federal poverty level for an individual.    Ms. VALLAS. Even with the benefits, because they are so modest, fully 1.6 million DI beneficiaries live in poverty, that is 1 in 5 DI beneficiaries.    Ms. VALLAS. That is correct.    Ms. VALLAS. Thank you, Congressman. I would begin with Mr. Becerra and Mr. Doggett's Social Security Fraud and Error Prevention Act. CAP fully supports this bill which appropriately heightens the penalties for fraud, puts special fraud-fighting units in all 50 States, and targets bad apples without ensnaring law abiding applicants and beneficiaries. Importantly, it also provides SSA with the critical administrative funding that it needs to do important program integrity work such as CDRs and processing work reports which, I mentioned, are now currently suffering significant delays, which I think really is crucial to the bipartisan goal of rooting out fraud and abuse to the extent possible.