    Chairman BOUSTANY. This committee will come to order.    Welcome to today's hearing on how we can protect key safety net programs from waste, fraud, and abuse. Today we will review risks involving Unemployment Insurance and Supplemental Security Income, which benefits low-income, elderly, and disabled individuals.    Now, UI and SSI are very different programs. But there is one thing that they have in common. Each wastes billion of dollars in taxpayer funds every year due to their high improper payment rates. Specifically with regard to fiscal year 2014, SSI improperly paid $5.1 billion, while UI improperly paid $5.6 billion.    This is a serious problem. I have a little video I want to play here. This is an investigative piece that was done by CNN that I believe explains how vulnerable the UI program is to abuse. So if we could have the video, please.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Since fiscal year 2007, SSI and UI improper payments have been near 10 percent, wasting nearly $100 billion combined in taxpayer funds. I don't see this as a partisan matter. OMB has placed both UI and SSI on their annual list of programs with the highest error rates since they started compiling such a list.    Even worse, these error rates are not improving. They are getting worse. The UI error rate actually rose last year. And a 2012 GAO report found that cumulative SSI overpayment debt rose 92 percent in the prior decade, while overpayment recovery increased only 40 percent. One cause of higher error rates is that both programs place an emphasis on getting checks out of the door before verifying that they are going to the right person.    Fortunately, we should be able to make progress there without harming those who need this vital help. And they need it right away. There is a way to deal with this. And as we learn from several of our witnesses, data systems exist that agencies can use to better prevent improper payments by identifying thieves, prison inmates, fugitives, people with significant earnings, people with significant savings, or others who simply should not be collecting these benefits.    We are very fortunate to have a number of our colleagues joining us today to discuss specific proposals to protect these programs from abuse. So today we welcome all our witnesses and look forward to learning more about how we can both reduce improper payments and improve services for the Americans who truly are in need.    So I look forward to hearing all the testimony and working with members on both sides of the aisle to do just that.    Chairman BOUSTANY. With that, I am pleased to yield to the ranking member, Mr. Doggett, for his statement.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Mr. Doggett.    Without objection, each member will have the opportunity to submit a written statement and have it included in the record.    And I also want to remind our witnesses we are going to adhere to the 5-minute rule for oral statements. But rest assured that, without objection, all written testimony will be made part of the permanent record.    We have two panels today. We will start with a very distinguished member panel. We have Congressman Sam Johnson, Congressman Kevin Brady, Congressman Dave Reichert, Congressman Xavier Becerra, Congressman Tom Reed, Congressman Jim Renacci, and Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro.    Welcome. We are really glad to hear your testimony. We know you have done a lot of work in this area. And so we look forward to going through your testimony.    Congressman Johnson, you may begin.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Without objection.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Chairman Johnson.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Mr. Brady, you may proceed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Chairman Brady. And thank for your work in this area.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Next, we will hear from Chairman Reichert.    You may proceed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the chairman for his testimony.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Next, we will go to Congressman Becerra. Thank you. Another member of the Ways and Means Committee.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Congressman Becerra. We appreciate your testimony.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Next we will go to Congressman Reed, another valued member of the Ways and Means Committee.    You may proceed, sir.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Next we will go to Congressman Renacci, another member of the Ways and Means Committee.    You may proceed sir.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank my colleague for his testimony.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Next, we will go to Congresswoman DeLauro.    You may proceed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. We thank you for your testimony.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I want to at this point thank all the members for the great work you have done in this area and for your testimony and appearing before the committee today.    At this point we will refrain from questions. We know we can talk to you on the House floor or whenever to further discuss these items. So at this point we thank you.    And we will call up our second panel.    Chairman BOUSTANY. We are very pleased to welcome our next panel. This is a very distinguished panel who I believe will lend tremendous expertise to the discussion of this topic and potential pathways forward.    First, we will be hearing from Patrick P. O'Carroll, Jr., Inspector General, Social Security Administration.    Welcome.    Next, Dan Bertoni, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security issues, from the Government Accountability Office.    Thirdly, Mr. Curt Eysink, from my home State of Louisiana, where he serves as Executive Director of the Louisiana Workforce Commission. He will bring a State perspective to this.    Fourth, we have Debra Rohlman, Vice President of Government Sales, Equifax Workforce Solutions, considerable private sector expertise.    Last, but certainly not least, Rebecca Vallas, Director of Policy, Poverty to Prosperity Program, Center for American Progress.    We welcome all of you. This will be a good, lively debate and discussion. We appreciate the expertise that you all bring to this.    So, with that, we will start with you, Mr. O'Carroll.    I would ask each of you to try to adhere to the 5-minute rule for your oral testimony. As I said earlier, your written testimony will be made a part of the record in total.    So, Mr. O'Carroll, you may proceed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you very much, Mr. O'Carroll.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Mr. Bertoni, you may proceed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you, Mr. Bertoni.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Mr. Eysink, you may proceed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you for sharing the Louisiana experience with us and for the leadership you have provided in that regard. So thank you. I appreciate you being here today.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Ms. Rohlman, you may proceed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. We thank you, Ms. Rohlman.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Next we will go to Ms. Vallas.    You may proceed.    Chairman BOUSTANY. We thank you for your testimony.    Chairman BOUSTANY. And we thank all of you for your very profound testimony.    Now we will move to a series of questions. And I will start by stepping back for a moment.    I showed a video at the very beginning. I know that Mr. O'Carroll and Mr. Bertoni have been looking at this problem for quite some time.    Mr. Eysink, from a State perspective, Ms. Rohlman from Equifax's perspective on this, are those concerns valid? Is this a serious problem?    Obviously, the CNN investigative piece depicted what appears to be a very serious problem. We have heard numbers. Is it your view that this is a serious problem, a growing problem?    Chairman BOUSTANY. I think in your oral testimony you mentioned some costs associated with the reforms Louisiana had implemented.    Is this--I mean, the general cost of what you're proposing, is it unduly expensive for the States to implement?    Chairman BOUSTANY. Could you give us an order of magnitude on cost.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Ms. Rohlman, do you want to comment? Same questions, basically.    Chairman BOUSTANY. What is a reasonable amount of time to get these new systems in place?    Chairman BOUSTANY. And implementing the personal appearance requirement, was that an expensive endeavor or was it difficult to implement?    Chairman BOUSTANY. Mr. O'Carroll and Mr. Bertoni, the two of you have been looking at these problems systematically. I know, Mr. O'Carroll, we spoke in the office not long ago about some of this.    And, I mean, there are specific bills that have been proposed. You heard some of the testimony from members. There are other bills out there. I think you heard what my home State of Louisiana is doing.    Could you comment further on these kinds of steps to get program integrity in place.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Thank you.    Mr. Bertoni.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Seemingly simple solutions, yet we are still fighting with this identity theft issue. I certainly appreciate the input and the insights you provided.    I am now pleased yield to my ranking member, Mr. Doggett, for questions.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentlelady.    Next we will go to Mr. Lewis.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Meehan, you are recognized.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Davis, you are recognized.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    I go next to Mr. Smith. You are recognized.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentleman.    Next we go to Mr. Crowley. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman BOUSTANY. I thank the gentlemen. Mr. Dold, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Yes, briefly.    Chairman BOUSTANY. Well we thank you. This concludes all questioning. I want to thank the members and our witnesses for being here today. This was outstanding testimony, very helpful to us as we try to grapple with these difficult problems. So thank you for being here. Members may have additional questions that they will submit to you. And, if so, I would ask that you try to get answers back within 2 weeks so we can complete the record. With that, the subcommittee stands adjourned.