    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; and for both of the Chairmen, thank you for having this hearing.    Ms. McCarthy, it is probably no secret to you that tens of millions of Americans fear the EPA, despise it, and even hate it. Many of them are in my district. One of the reasons many Americans feel this way is the high-handed and arrogant way that the EPA operates. It is constantly moving the goal posts of environmental standards.    In many, if not all, of these cases, the existing standards are already quite stringent, and have been complied with at great expense on the part of taxpayers or the private sector. To ignore the high economic cost of further tightening of standards shows a disregard for the difficulties that many everyday Americans face in putting food on the table without having to pay higher prices for energy or losing jobs because of the higher cost of regulation to business.    My state of Colorado, for instance, is currently being forced to sue the EPA to avoid the ill-considered Clean Energy Plan, which has an extremely high cost for little or no environmental benefit.    Now, the arrogance of the EPA is seen by its reaction in the aftermath of the horrible environmental disaster in Colorado that we are here to discuss and investigate today. No one has been punished, and the EPA is seeking to avoid any hit on its budget for judgments against it resulting from this disaster. It wants other parts of the Federal Government to pay any judgments.    So, this, to me, Ms. McCarthy, is a double standard; because, had the private sector caused the environmental tragedy in Colorado, there would be serious fines and possible criminal penalties.    This brings me to my first question. In light of the perceived double standard that the EPA operates under, where the private sector is not allowed to use its own science and come to its own conclusions unquestioned, would you support legislation by Congress that would require the EPA to disclose to the American people online whatever science it uses to form its judgments?    Mr. Lamborn. A private company would have to absorb a fine assessed by the EPA from its budget. You are seeking to have----    Mr. Lamborn. So a private company----    Mr. Lamborn. A private company would not have been fined?    Mr. Lamborn. If they were acting in good faith?    Mr. Lamborn. In the meantime, let me ask you this about the contractor.    Mr. Lamborn. Is the contractor being suspended from further work on mines until the results of the investigation come back?    Mr. Lamborn. So it was the EPA director's fault for----    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Hice.