    Mr. Jordan . The gentlelady from Indiana is recognized.    Mr. Jordan. Democrats asked for no hearings in August and October, and now they complain. The Democrats picked the topic for the first hearing, the ARB recommendations; now they complain. Democrats asked and got a second hearing on the ARB recommendations; now they complain. In that second hearing, Mr. Smith, a member of the committee, was given a courtesy I have not seen in my 8 years as a Member of Congress. He was given the courtesy after surgery to call in and ask questions. Now they complain. I mean, to suggest that the chairman has been unfair is ridiculous on the face.    Now, the one thing they have said that makes some sense is the pace is way too slow. And that is why we have you guys here today, because we have got to pick up the pace and get to the truth for the families that Mr. Cummings just referenced.    So, Mr. Rubin, I am going to start with an issue that I dealt with in my work on the standing committee here in the House and has carried over to this committee, and that is the ARB process.    Are you familiar with the ARB process, Mr. Rubin?    Mr. Jordan. Specifically, do you know something about the Benghazi ARB process at all?    Mr. Jordan. We have had two hearings on it in this committee, the first two hearings that the Democrats requested, so it is a pretty important issue.    Mr. Jordan. He sure did.    Now, many claim the ARB process and the ARB report was independent. Mr. Cummings said this. He called it the ``independent Accountability Review Board.'' ``Their report was independent.'' Gerry Connolly, another Member of Congress, said it was the ``independent Accountability Review Board process.'' Greg Starr, who you just referenced, Mr. Rubin, a colleague of yours who has testified twice in this committee, the first two hearings, said this: ``Thank you for inviting me today''--this was at the last hearing--``to provide insight on the Department's progress to implement the recommendations made by the independent Benghazi ARB.''    I mean, they use the term ``independent'' almost as if it is part of the title, part of the official title.    Now, I think there are problems with that claim. Secretary Clinton picked four of the five members of the board, of this so-called independent board. Secretary Clinton was never interviewed by this so-called independent board. Cheryl Mills, her chief of staff, wasn't interviewed by this so-called independent board. Cheryl Mills, her chief of staff, was given a draft copy of the report before it went public to make edits of this so-called independent board.    Admiral Mullen, a co-chair of the board, after interviewing Charlene Lamb, an employee at the State Department, then called up Cheryl Mills and said, ``Hey, Ms. Lamb is going to testify in front of a congressional committee. She is not going to do a good job. I am giving you a heads-up.'' So when the co-chair gives a heads-up to the people he is supposed to be investigating about a potential witness coming in front of Congress, that doesn't really scream independence.    But, Mr. Rubin, let's assume they are all right. Let's assume they got it right, that this is independent, in spite of those facts, in spite of the fact the Secretary picked four of the five people who are supposed to investigate her. I don't know anywhere else in life where a potential subject of an investigation gets to pick their investigators.    In spite of the fact she wasn't interviewed, in spite of the fact Cheryl Mills wasn't interviewed, in spite of the fact that they got a draft copy, in spite of all those facts, let's just assume that Mr. Cummings and Mr. Connolly, Mr. Starr are correct when they say ``independent,'' how do we test that claim if you guys won't give us the documents? How do we test the claim of independence if you guys won't let us see the record?    Now, Mr. Rubin, you have had a subpoena, a subpoena Congress issued in August of 2013, saying, we want every single document, or, as the chairman has made clear, all documents relating to the ARB investigation. We want to know, when are you going to comply?    Mr. Jordan. When are you going to put those ``top people'' that Mr. Roskam referenced, when are you going to put those ``top people'' on a subpoena that has been issued a year and a half ago to get us the documents so we can test the claim that this ARB was actually independent?    Mr. Jordan. Hey, hey, wait. This is what we have to get past----    Mr. Jordan. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. This is what we have to get past, this ``priority'' line you keep using.    Mr. Jordan. The subpoena was August 2013. We are not talking a couple months ago. We are talking a year and a half ago. So you have top people working on it--here is the point: You can't have it both ways. You can't claim, oh, this was the independent, be-all, end-all, definitive statement that the ARB made on Benghazi, and then not let us see the record.    All we are saying is, okay, we will accept this fact. We don't think it is independent, we will accept it. Show us the record.    Mr. Jordan. Okay.    Mr. Jordan. That is where I wanted to go. You are right where I wanted to go, Mr. Rubin.    You have given us 40,000 documents. Contained in that 40,000 documents are--within that 40,000 documents is every document that the ARB received from the State Department. So the State Department gave the ARB a bunch of documents. Are everything the ARB had contained in that 40,000?    Mr. Jordan. No, no, I am not telling you----    Mr. Jordan. I don't expect you have read them.    Mr. Jordan. Have we received everything that ARB received?    Mr. Jordan. Simple question.    Mr. Jordan. The documents--it is a simple question.    Mr. Jordan. This is the key question. The documents the ARB got from the State Department, are they in the 40,000 that we now have? Every single thing that the ARB got from the State Department, are they in the 40,000 documents we now have? ``Yes'' or ``no''?    Mr. Jordan. Well, then you can say ``I don't know.''    Mr. Jordan. And, Mr. Rubin----    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Rubin, there are two components to this subpoena. There is what I was just talking about. Does this committee now have everything that the State Department gave to the Accountability Review Board? That is question one.    Question two is: The notes, the records, the files, the interview notes, everything that the ARB compiled in their investigation, we want those too. Does this committee have those notes, records, and files that the five-member ARB panel had? Do we have that information?    Mr. Jordan. It is my understanding we don't.    Mr. Jordan. No, we----    Mr. Jordan. We don't have to tell you that.    Mr. Rubin .--I am happy to convey that back and have us move on that.    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Rubin, are you familiar with the statute, the statute that created the ARB? Says this:    Mr. Jordan. ``Records pertaining to administrative proceedings under the ARB process shall be separated''--``shall,'' not ``may''--``shall be separated from all other records of the Department of State and shall be maintained.''    So here is the point. You should have a file already, with everything nicely and neatly organized, of all the documents that the State Department gave the ARB and all the notes, files, and records that the ARB compiled in their investigation. When they did the interviews, how many people they interviewed, did they interview them alone, did they do it in groups--you should have all that in a file. That should be the simplest thing in the world to hand over to us, and you haven't done it.    And yet--and yet--everyone claims the ARB was independent. How can we test the claim when you won't give us what the statute requires--a separated, segregated file on what the ARB did--and you guys keep it?    Mr. Jordan. Do you have that file separated and segregated like the statute requires?    Mr. Jordan. Mr. Rubin----    Mr. Jordan . These questions are so simple. Is there a segregated file like the ARB statute requires? Do you have that separated, segregated, ready-to-hand-over-to-us-at--a long time ago, frankly, but do you have it separated and segregated?    Mr. Jordan. This is amazing.    Mr. Jordan. You were invited to come here today to tell us about the documents. The statute says you are supposed to have them separated and segregated, ready to--maintaining those, and you don't even know if you have them and can't give them to us?    Mr. Jordan. You are saying you don't know. I got that answer.    Mr. Jordan. One last----    Mr. Jordan. One last thing, Mr. Chairman.    In the article you wrote 1 month after four Americans were tragically killed, one of them a friend of yours and a great Ambassador, in the article you wrote that Mr. Roskam cited earlier, you talked about not rushing to judgment. And you specifically said we should wait to get all the facts out--direct quote from your guest blogger column.    And here is the irony. Wait to get all the facts--you said ``wait to get all the facts,'' and now you are the guy who can give us the facts. You are the guy who should have the ARB file separate, segregated, ready to hand over, and you guys won't do it, after you had said that a month after this tragedy. And now this should be ready to be give over to us, and the State Department is saying, well, keep prioritizing, we have top people on it, keep getting in line, we are working with you, we promise we will work with you, we are going to get to it someday, sometime, somehow.    It is not going to fly, Mr. Rubin.    Mr. Jordan. The subpoena was a year and a half ago. I don't know how you can say you have been proactive and helpful when you won't even comply with the statute and give us what the law requires you to give us and have it segregated and separated for us, and, oh, by the way, claim independence in the process.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.