    Mr. Amodei. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, Commissioner.    Mr. Amodei. To the extent that Mr. Crenshaw is going to endeavor to manage my 5 minutes, please don't be offended if I endeavor to manage the time you take in your answers.    I want to talk to you about a specific instance, and the issue is process related. And we have heard a lot about taxpayer service, and I am gratified by that.    Taxpayer gets a designation for alternative energy purposes that says he is an alternative fuel refiner. It turns out he files under that, it is wrong, for whatever reason, you don't qualify for that. Receives advice from the IRS that you are an alternative fuel blender.    OK. Goes forward under that. New IRS agent: Oops, you are not one of those either. Refund, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.    Goes into your appeals process, fast track mediation, mediates, IRS folks on the other side, come to an agreement, don't know what the agreement was. And your folks on the other side of the mediation say: Hey, we are not in power to sign off on this.    So the mediator calls the person who is and gets an affirmative: We will do that deal. OK, whatever it was. Then they get a call back the next week saying, from somebody else above, whoever he talked to on the phone: We are not doing that deal.    And so I am sitting here in the face of things like it is a critical function of the government, taxpayer service is a critical function. Now, these aren't folks who are trying to run away from you. They are embracing your system and your dispute resolution system. They are entitled to knowledgeable, well-trained, able to provide effective and appropriate service. You can call us, not some late night talk show person, have people compliant when they are trying to be compliant, treat them fairly.    It is no news to anybody in here you are a Yale-trained lawyer, and I respect that. I know that is probably the only school you could get into with your minimal educational requirements. But don't worry, I couldn't even get in there, so you are doing better than me.    But I look at all this stuff and I say: Hey, I am not expecting your folks to be perfect, they make mistakes. And maybe if it was just one of these things in a single case it would be like, well--and I don't know if you have been briefed on it, because your folks have been into my office at one point in time a while back.    But I am sitting here in terms of basic fairness, in the context of all this stuff where we are talking about we want people to reach out to us, we want to provide the best possible service. And I am not saying, therefore, they shouldn't have to pay the tax or they shouldn't have to do this or that.    But the process of a system where people have embraced your system at every point they could, thought that they went through your fast track mediation program, not yours, but the Service's, and they come away with not the first disappointment in terms of, oh, you are really not that, but the second one says: Oh, by the way, that deal we did, we have decided we are not doing that, even though you had somebody who ostensibly was in the course and scope of their employment in the appeals process that said we will do that.    It is something that deeply troubles me in terms of those folks who are coming to you for resolution as opposed to those who we have been talking about that are trying to scam you, run away from you, cheat you, lie, and steal.    So I say all that to say this: I would really appreciate, and my request is, since we are not going to accomplish it during our little 5-minute speed dating session here, I would like the appropriate folks from your office--I don't know if it is still under litigation or not, although I can tell you the company was 28 employees when this all started and now I think there are 4, because it is a business thing and those decisions had consequences--I need somebody to come in and say: Listen, Taxpayer Bill of Rights, Code of Federal Regulations, Administrative Procedure Act, are we exempt from something where if we say we are going to saw off on something in mediation, that it is really like, well, don't take that to the bank yet, because it came as a complete shock not only to these folks, but to the mediator who had never seen it before.    And so I want to hear what the other side of the story is a little bit. But in terms of general process moving forward beyond this case, it is like, hey, if I am coming to you and trying to be compliant and you guys have made mistakes, then we still need to go forward, tax law still needs to be enforced.    But there ought to be a lane for, OK, let's figure out how he get to where we need to get here short of, hey, sorry we made a mistake, but that doesn't change it, you have got fines, penalties, and blah, blah, because you weren't really entitled to be treated that way. Oh, and by the way, the appeals process really isn't going to help you, even though you thought you had a deal.    Will you please come by and see me? I am not a high maintenance guy. You have only been by twice in 5 years. I don't abuse you. If I say please?    Mr. Amodei. The point is a process point. I am not asking you to come talk about this case. I want to know the process that says that is OK.    Mr. Amodei. So is that a yes, your folks will be by?    Mr. Amodei. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Amodei. Absolutely.    Mr. Amodei. Thanks for the generosity on both gentlemen's parts. And I am sure that if I don't already, I will soon regret referring to the phrase as speed dating in 5 minutes. Nonetheless, I will stand by it.    Commissioner, in the highway trust fund provision that was passed last year, there were some things in there which strengthened your ability to collect tax debt. And I believe one of the provisions was, hey, we want you to do some stuff within 90 days, and we want you to look at using private collection folks, they are already approved by the Treasury. And I am looking at something here that says last month you said you didn't think you would meet the deadline for implementing that program, and I guess that deadline refers to the 90 days.    Mr. Amodei. So I am looking through your statement talking about all the initiatives in terms of Treasury-approved folks, that sort of thing, although it is not clear to me that that was part of it, but I think some people assumed it was. And you are talking about additional funding to strengthen enforcement programs and the ability to handle 30,000 more addition debt collection cases.    I guess my first question is, I am assuming you are not going to meet the 90 days, when do you expect to meet that if that assumption is correct? And what do you attribute the delay to?    Mr. Amodei. So use of the language already used by the Department of Treasury, which I assume would have some of those same concerns since you are collecting on behalf of the government, really wasn't helpful to you.    Mr. Amodei. In the remaining minute of our speed date, how would you describe this in terms of your priorities for how you are transitioning the Service? And I will tell you the context, to be fair. It is like when I look at this thing that says, hey, we get more money, we can process 30,000 more collection cases, I am assuming that that is an in-house thing, not a private debt collection thing.    Mr. Amodei. So the question comes, how would you describe this as one of your priorities in terms of compliance?    Mr. Amodei. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Since it is a school night, I yield back. I will be dating no further.    Mr. Amodei. Since I have never had anybody say, ``I wish you would have talked longer,'' I think I will stick with that.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I guess I am going to be staying out past my curfew today.    I appreciate the comments of my colleague who is the ranking member in that. There are a couple of things going on here where you are, although some days I am sure you feel like it, are not held to a perfection standard. Government employees make mistakes from time to time.    So to hold this thing, I am not sure that is what is being attempted, but to hold the concept of this statutory mandate, which was signed by the President, so for anybody with a C or above, in government it is like, well, that kind of makes it the law of the land at the moment. To hold that to a perfection standard, I can tell you right now, you are going to be disappointed, because there are human beings involved. That is like holding Members of Congress to a perfection standard, members of executive agencies to a perfection standard, and all that.    But in the context of the testimony that I believe is absolutely accurate from the Commissioner, that we have a very large amount of money that is due to the government, legitimately, that, quite frankly, isn't collected, to explore this as a possibility, and especially with your testimony, Mr. Commissioner, that we want to try to give it every fair chance and do it right, so we are going to report back within the 90 days or whatever, it is like OK. And if it fails, then that is fine.    But I think sweeping generalizations in terms of it can only be done by your employees or it should never be done in another context are things that, quite frankly, aren't open. If it falls on its face, then that will become evident. I appreciate the fact that you want to cover yourself, to say we put all the gas in the tank it could hold and it didn't get there, or if it does get there it is like, OK, this is part of it.    But to take a tool that is in the box and not try to use it and leave it in the box, I think is one of the reasons that gets us all criticism in government, whether it is the executive branch or the legislative branch.    So I look forward to hearing what you folks have done in 90 days with those already-working-for-the-government folks and then how the program proceeds. And, hopefully, you will pick folks that don't make as many mistakes as those of us in government do, and that will be a rousing success. And if they do make as many mistakes as those of us in government, then we will deal with what comes.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Chair, to the extent that the chairman is going to manage my time, please do not be offended if I endeavor to manage yours. I will try to be crisp with my questions. And so, with that in mind, initially, I know that you folks have been working on an update for Industry Guide 7, which provides guidance for mining companies to report the value of mineral resources and reserves. The present stuff, that is 34 years old, is inconsistent with international reporting requirements. Could I have a point of contact in your staff, just to get an update on where that stands?    Mr. Amodei. Great. Thank you very much. I want to go back a minute for the Department of Labor stuff. And I guess we will call this under the heading of Intermurals. Obviously, you will be able to tell from my question that I think your jurisdiction is unquestioned. I understand there is an issue there with ERISA and some of that stuff. But I am concerned, when you speak earlier about unintended consequences, and I hear you when you say, ``Listen, it is hard and it is not quick.''    But I think, ultimately, under Dodd-Frank, the section that you mentioned in your earlier testimony, there is in fact mandatory language under the Standard of Conduct stuff that says--it is under other matters, but it is under the Standard of Conduct section. Says that ``The Commission shall examine and appropriate, promulgate rules prohibiting or restricting certain practices, conflicts of interest,'' blah, blah, blah.    There is also, I believe, a Supreme Court case out there that is not specific to the SEC, but generally says, ``Hey, when Congress acts later in time, and specifically, that takes precedence over earlier acts, in terms of regulating that sort of stuff.'' So, I guess I am concerned about unintended consequences.    Clearly, the 800-pound gorilla issue in the room is, is DOL going to have one rule? Is SEC going to have another? Can you give me any comfort on how--on what you think your jurisdiction is ultimately when you get through this process, and how that is going to work, if it is, in conjunction with DOL?    Mr. Amodei. Time frame?    Mr. Amodei. I mean, you have got some decisions, I know, to make, but it is like, so----    Mr. Amodei. OK. I guess, final question is: So, if DOL comes out with a standard before you folks get through your process, you are going to enforce their standard?    Mr. Amodei. Well, and I appreciate that. I am just saying that you talking to the committee saying, ``It is not easy as you might think,'' I get that. But the other problem is, somebody who is now the subject of an investigation based on whose rule it is and who is interpreting what is even less easy, if you will, than--I would much rather be the regulator than the person who finds out, ``I thought I was in good shape with the SEC, but now I got the DOL bird swooping in on me, and we were compliance folks.''    Mr. Amodei. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield.    Mr. Amodei. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, I want to talk with you just for a minute about the health of community banks and CFPB and all that other sort of stuff. We have never met, so you have no reason to be familiar, but I represent the part of Nevada that isn't Las Vegas, which translates to pretty rural neck of the woods, which translates to community banks, small credit unions, kind of an important part of our financial infrastructure.    And I have got some information here that indicates that after the passage of Dodd-Frank, we have had a pretty rapid decline in the number of community banks in the country and that some of this is attributed to the actions of CFPB, which hasn't, as you know better than I do, the folks that are on that, interesting groups of folks, but I am looking at a study here that is by the Harvard Kennedy School, the ``State and Fate of Community Banking,'' which was February of last year that it came out and talks about some of the things they attribute it to. And a lot of it, a lot of the stress they attribute in the industry is to a regulatory one-size-fits-all policy, if you will, that is centered in CFPB.    And so you are saying, well, OK, so they are not in touch or whatever, what is the problem, that sort of thing, but yet when you look at the information, in the report and who it is attributed to, community banks have lost market share at a rate double that before the bureau's existence. Information is in the Harvard Kennedy study. The study is based on data provided by the FDIC whose chairman sits on FSOC. According to CFPB itself, community banks are, quote: A lifeline to hard working families paying for education, unexpected medical bills, and homes.    The loss of FSOC voting board, Federal Reserve Board of Governors, the loss of community banks could result in total loss of credit in some rural and small markets.    And I will just do one more: Interpersonal relationships are the backbone of community bank lending, according to all of the above authorities, and CFPB promulgates one-size-fits-all rules that remove the flexibility for community banks and credit unions to use judgment and work with their neighbors on lending. They do this, and this is, I think, the important part, in spite of the fact that community bank default rates hover around 3 percent, as opposed to larger bank rates of 10 percent.    And so I am sitting here trying to process all this, and it is like--I guess first question is--I mean, when FSOC talks about significant economic harm and you talk about what has happened with community banks, even if you say, well, they are consolidating, it is OK. It is like, hey, that is a trend that for those of us who care about small banking available, and other than the major financial centers, that appears to be going on without concern by the institutions that are below you. Tell me, how am I wrong in that analysis?    Mr. Amodei. Thank you for that. And I apologize for not managing your time the same way the chairman is getting ready to manage mine.    So where I would like to end it, if I might, Mr. Chairman, is just to say I would like the ability to return to you outside of the committee process and say, here are some examples of what we think----    Mr. Amodei . And some of it may be just communications between CFPB and the others, and kind of get your response to those.    Mr. Amodei. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.