    Ms. Allin. Thank you, Representative McSally, for the introduction.    Good morning, Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Payne, honorable Members of the committee, Representative McSally. It is a privilege to appear before you this morning to discuss Tucson's challenges with passenger screening wait times.    Mr. Chairman and Members, thank you for your leadership on airport security and the protection of our passengers.    Representative McSally, thank you for your leadership in protecting Tucson International Airport in southern Arizona.    I was fortunate to participate in last week's roundtable, which you mentioned, Mr. Chairman, and the discussion, and I am truly appreciative of the time and attention you are devoting to understanding the causes of checkpoint processing delays and your efforts to seek both short- and long-term solutions. Safety and security of our people, property, and aircraft are the highest priority.    For those of you unfamiliar with Tucson International Airport, we are an origination and destination airport. Therefore, less than 5 percent of our passengers connect through. Instead, all are screened by local TSA. Historical wait times average 10 to 15 minutes, with our peak times rarely exceeding 20, 25 minutes maximum, even when we had passenger levels 25 percent higher than we do today.    Tucson's high season, as opposed to many other airports, is November through March, with a very strong peak season mid-January through March.    Ms. Allin. We would love for you to visit Tucson in February, sir.    This year our visitors, many, many visitors from the northern part of the country, and our Tucsonian customers experienced wait times 45 and sometimes in excess of 60 minutes. There is an exhibit to my written testimony with a photo of the passengers lined up all across the front of our terminal.    We have a very dedicated and loyal TSA staff who are committed to the safety, along with the efficient screening, of our passengers. Unfortunately, they lack the planning, coordination, and staffing resources needed to be able to efficiently process the passengers in our peak times.    In May 2015, Tucson TSA lost between 10 and 13 percent of the workforce. It was a full year before replacements were trained and released to fully screen and have their duties. Combined with increased passenger levels, adding AIT equipment, and having limited authority due to inflexible staffing and processing models prescribed to them, they did not allow them to respond to the changing conditions, and as a result we experienced very long lines.    I respectfully offer some recommended solutions for your consideration:    It is recommended that the local TSA have the ability to openly communicate with their airport and airline partners in order to better plan and allocate their resources.    That flexibility, autonomy, and authority be delegated to local TSA, within parameters, to adjust for changing conditions, especially spoke airports, such as Tucson.    That regular and consistent staffing at PreCheck lines be allocated so that they can be opened; Tucson's 2 PreCheck lanes are open less than 5 hours a day, usually between 3 and 4.    That the staffing allocation model be updated; it is inflexible and doesn't allow for changing conditions.    That better utilization of existing resources and personnel be made, especially Behavioral Detection Officers.    That effective outreach and marketing of PreCheck and Global Entry, as we are close to the border and it is a very high use there, be done to increase enrollment.    That development of technology to help provide solutions be given a priority.    That optimization of checkpoints be customized to best fit each airport and the information shared.    Airports are willing to invest in effective solutions. Tucson will begin a $10-plus million project in June to relocate and expand our checkpoints to improve throughput. If they are not properly equipped and staffed, all of those resources will be lost.    Mr. Chairman and Members, while none of these recommendations alone are a perfect fix, by stakeholders working together, we have the opportunity to solve the checkpoint issues and enhance the safety of our aviation system.    We commend you on the proposed legislation, Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act of 2016. If enacted, it will go a very long way towards providing solutions to the checkpoint wait issues.    Thank you for this opportunity to share my views. I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.    Ms. Allin. Thank you, Representative Payne.    Yes, sir, the Behavioral Detection Officers are trained in perceiving people who are going to do something that is not correct, or it may be illegal, may be trying to smuggle something, potentially terrorist ties. By having them as the ticket document checkers, they have a personal connection to every single passenger that goes through and they can screen each individual. As opposed to standing to the side or the back of the line where they are observing behavior, they can better detect people who may need additional screening or discussion.    Ms. Allin. This is a model that is used overseas that has been quite effective there.    Ms. Allin. Representative Carter, Tucson previously had an FSD until 2 years ago, then we became a spoke airport. We have an excellent relationship with our local screening managers and our local personnel. They now have many layers to go through. Models and requirements are dictated, and I can't personally say from where, but certainly above their ability to be able to react quickly to issues on the ground. That is what we experienced during our peak period in February and March. They were only allowed to open the PreCheck lane after they had opened a second standard lane because of staffing. Then they could open a PreCheck lane.    When they opened the PreCheck lane the lines were cut in half and they were not the full length of our terminal front. So having the ability to do that would be helpful.    Ms. Allin. Thank you, Representative McSally.    When we were experiencing the extreme lines, the challenge that our local representative with TSA had, which is not an FSD, as we are a spoke, as you noted, was the fact that there are specific models. A certain throughput of passengers per hour have to go through the lane before the second lane can be opened up, and that with one standard lane, then a second standard lane had to be opened before PreCheck, where PreCheck is the quick resolution because the lane was cut in half when the PreCheck lane was opened.    Ms. Allin. Phoenix came down when the passengers were calling the media from the lines and the media began showing up. It all exploded during the week and that is when things changed.    Ms. Allin. With staffing, yes, ma'am. They are limited on staffing and therefore can't open the PreCheck, because it requires more people--and I am sorry, I can't tell you exactly how many more--than the standard lane.    Ms. Allin. Yes, ma'am. We have been asking for BDOs to be document checkers since the problems first started with the holidays prior to our season coming. Our FSD in Phoenix refused, saying that it was important for them to be observing the line, the people in line, as opposed to being able to be document checkers. I think all that is changed by the admiral and we appreciate that greatly.