    Ms. Huftalin. Good morning, Chairman Rokita, Ranking Member Fudge, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear today to discuss this important issue. My name is Deneece Huftalin, and I serve as the president of Salt Lake Community College, having served at the college in various leadership capacities for over 23 years.    Salt Lake Community College, as you heard, is an accredited, student-focused, comprehensive community college meeting the diversities of the Salt Lake Valley. Home to more than 60,000 students each year, Salt Lake Community College is the largest supplier of transfer students to Utah's 4-year institutions and a perennial top 10 college nationally for total associate's degrees awarded.    Twenty percent of our students identify as minority, 10 percent identify as having some disability, and last fall 64 percent of our incoming students were first generation. We are also proud to serve 642 veteran students and have consistently been named as a top college for veterans by Military Times.    The college is also Utah's leading provider of workforce development programs, with more than 28,000 students enrolled in CTE courses last year. With 211 certificate and degree programs, SLCC offers a breadth of workforce training opportunities for Salt Lake County residents.    Career and technical education programs are designed to prepare students to enter the workforce immediately upon completion. Students can enter our college in noncredit or credit-bearing CTE programs and can earn short-term certificates as well as associate degrees. Our CTE programs range from traditional vocational programs, like welding and building construction, to newer programs, such as biomanufacturing and digital animation.    The Carl D. Perkins Act is a vital source of financial support for Salt Lake Community College and for all community colleges. Over the last several years, as the recession weakened State investment toward higher education, Perkins funding was crucial to our ability to maintain and grow key CTE programs for our students at a time when our enrollment was rapidly increasing.    For the 2016 fiscal year, Salt Lake Community College received approximately $1.25 million in Perkins funds. The college uses those funds to improve CTE offerings throughout the institution.    Acquiring modern equipment is imperative for state-of-the-art CTE programs. These programs are costly to maintain and often require significant financial investment to ensure we have the latest technologies and equipment to train our students to enter today's ever-advancing and technical workplace.    The college has used Perkins funds to purchase a wide range of items, such as dental hygiene x-ray view boxes, materials fatigue testers, and CNC machining equipment, all items we would be unable to purchase without the Perkins funding. In addition, Perkins funding has allowed us to ramp up our training in aviation maintenance avionics to meet industry demand and to maintain high-quality training in automotive diesel training and building construction, all critical industries which contribute to a healthy economy.    While Perkins funding primarily supports advanced equipment needs, Perkins dollars also strengthen the essential student support services many of our students need to be successful. As we strive to increase our completion rates, Perkins funding is essential to enhance advising and disability resource center services.    As I close my remarks, I'd like to share two brief examples of how we are using Perkins funding to meet the needs of both our employers and our students.    A few months ago, the Boeing Company of Salt Lake, on behalf of several major aerospace manufacturing companies, approached the State and its educational partners about working collectively to provide more trained workers for the State's rapidly growing aerospace industry. Within a short timeframe, we created the Utah Aerospace Pathways Program. Under this pilot program, high school students enroll in a specialized set of courses in aerospace manufacturing.    The students take one semester in high school, followed by a second semester at Salt Lake Community College or the Davis Applied Technology College. They then participate in a 48-hour paid internship with local aerospace partners, and upon successful completion of their coursework and internship will graduate with a certificate in aerospace manufacturing. The certificate allows students to begin a career immediately in the aerospace industry at a livable wage.    The training provided through this program will center on machining, fabrication, and composite skills, all CTE fields that are increasingly in demand in aerospace and other advanced manufacturing industries. We are proud to be part of this collaborative effort which demonstrates best practices in CTE using local industry data to establish relevant, strong career programs between secondary, higher, and industry leaders.    My second example of CTE at work relates to one of our recent graduates. As a single mother of two and a 14-year veteran of the United States Army, Darlene needed a career change. Working as a concrete contractor, she knew it would be a matter of time until the physical strain took its toll.    Darlene enrolled in our Non-Destructive Testing program with hopes of coupling her critical thinking and analytical skills with her strong work ethic. Darlene completed in 2 years and received multiple employment offers promising exceptional benefits.    Career and technical education has always been and will be the very core of our mission at Salt Lake Community College. The Perkins program is critical to our ability to provide these in-demand programs for industry and for thousands of students like Darlene.    We appreciate your past support of the Perkins program and encourage your current support as this worthwhile program is considered for reauthorization. I would be happy to address any questions from the committee.    Ms. Huftalin. Let me share, one of our examples is the Utah Aerospace Pathways Program which I talked about. And I think part of the beauty of that program is that we literally have those industry partners at the table with us, not only for curriculum, but we're in the process of planning and building a brand new career and technical education building. That building is located in the industry area, so we're literally right across the street from Boeing and several other aerospace partners, with the idea that these industry leaders can not only help us with curriculum and state-of-the-art training and equipment needs, but can also provide internship opportunities for our students and job-shadowing partnerships, so that it's a very applicable training that they receive right there in that kind of industry corridor.    So there's more than just curriculum that industry can be involved in. They can be involved in industry, partnerships, and on-the-job training. They've also been very, very helpful with us in the legislative session in trying to help our economic development. Our Governor understands the importance of this training opportunity for the Utah citizens.    Ms. Huftalin. So we work with our division of workforce services quite carefully. Is that the work board that you're referring to?    Ms. Huftalin. We work with them quite carefully in terms of grants that they offer us to develop particular skill-based programs that they are seeing industry needing, and they've got underemployed or unemployed workers that need those jobs. They work with us to provide funding to ramp up specific state-of-the-art curriculum that those students can then benefit from and get into the workforce.    So there's a strong connection between what our local industry leaders are saying they need help with, what our division of workforce services is funding, and the training that we provide at Salt Lake Community College.    Ms. Huftalin. Part of what we've looked at with several different industry sectors is job projections, and within those job projections, jobs that are going to help our students get a livable wage or above a livable wage. So that we really target particular clusters, what is the job necessary, and how many of those are likely to be developing in the next projected, let's say, 2 to 3 years.    So for instance, in our new career and technical education building that we are creating, we've looked at about, maybe at the 28 programs that we're going to offer there, which are the ones that show a growing need, which are the ones that our industry, local industry leaders are saying they cannot fill. And we work with them to try to increase wages when necessary to make them a popular and livable wage, but we also then work with our faculty to develop the curriculum to allow the students to take up opportunities of that training.    Ms. Huftalin. Congressman, If I can just share, two things I would say. One of the things is marketing around the wages. I think parents are very, very unaware of the wage data associated with many of our career and technical education fields and the kind of career their son or daughter can have in that career. So wage data I think is critical.    The other thing I would share is I had no idea what happened behind the doors of the Boeing plant. And we went on a tour of that Boeing plant and watched them make that horizontal fin. And I am telling you, if we had sixth and seventh graders and their parents walking that floor, that would shift dramatically, because it is impressive, it is high engineering, it's high technology, and it's very, very exciting.    Ms. Huftalin. I'm not sure I can take that credit one bit. I do know that we're trying diligently in Utah to get better relationships with our job forecasters, with the folks that look at the kind of tomography of the State, and to use that in a much more essential way.    I don't think we've mastered that yet, honestly, but I do think we're being very clear about looking at projected jobs that are going to be available and then making adjustments to meet that demand. That is just data that we've had for a long time, but we haven't shared it regularly. I think our relationship building and our collaboration is stronger than ever, and that needs to continue to improve.    Ms. Huftalin. We have a very similar program in the State of Utah called Concurrent Enrollment. And so students can in their high school journey take both general education and/or CTE classes as a high school student and earn high school credit and college credit simultaneously. And that's very well adopted across the State of Utah.    We look at curriculum carefully. And I think we've been much more willing to kind of look at the pathways, and where there are no pathways pull back on certain courses, and where there could be stronger pathways be very intentional about putting additional courses in the high school to allow students to articulate into an associate's degree when they come to the college.    Ms. Huftalin. Congressman, I'll just share that we are also seeing a trend in students that have a bachelor's degree or beyond and then are retraining later in life and coming back and finding a new field that they never even knew existed. I can tell you that our dean of the School of Technical Specialties is with us this morning. His son is a great example of that. Bachelor's degree in history, returned to our Non-Destructive Testing program 2 years ago, and is now very well employed in the non-destructive testing field, a field he didn't even know about as an undergraduate when he attended the University of Utah.    Ms. Huftalin. Congressman, I will share with you that one of the difficulties we have at the community college is that many of our students work. Seventy-four percent of our students work while they're attending. And of those 74 percent, 40 percent work full time. So they're working full time and they're trying to come to school. And very often they choose, because of the realities of that schedule, to go at a part-time load, take 9 credit hours.    Ms. Huftalin. I guess my response to that would be that that's part of the reason why as a community college we keep our tuition and fees as low as possible. I mean, literally as a returning adult, even though you may not qualify for Pell, you can attend--you can go for a year of college with us full time and only pay $6,000.    Ms. Huftalin. I think part of, for my response, it would be that continue to hold us responsible for having secondary partners very, very deliberately and very intentionally. We have to be able to work with our superintendents and our districts and the faculty there have to work with our faculty to identify what are the math competencies necessary to move without any kind of problem--    Ms. Huftalin. Exactly.    Mr. Takano.--for both career and--    Ms. Huftalin. And the writing faculty and the communication faculty.    Ms. Huftalin. I will just share that one of the things that we built into the Utah Aerospace Pathways Partnership was that our professional development in the secondary schools, the teachers had to be part of that training. They had to go to Boeing, they had to go to Hexcel, they had to be part of that so that they could be on the floor in the environment understanding that particular industry much more clearly than if they would had just been in kind of the shelter of their own secondary school.    Ms. Huftalin. I think for us at Salt Lake Community College we've been looking at our kind of developmental education and the major need that students are coming to us with those, both in math and writing, and really trying to stem that. As I mentioned earlier, we're working diligently with our math and writing faculty at the high school level to try to get that curriculum much more aligned.    But we're really looking at accelerated developmental ed, corequisites, concurrent learning, supplemental instruction. So rather than make them take isolated developmental courses that kind of pushes off their degree, they can take them in conjunction with the training that they're interested in.    The other thing I would suggest is that we've been very intention about stackable credentials so that students can take a very short-term certificate, get out into the world of work, start making money for their family, and then as the time is available, come back to the college and add to that another credential, eventually leading to an associate's degree. As their career trajectory changes, maybe they want to go into management, they can build on that, and none of that has been wasted time, if you will, in terms of articulation.    Ms. Huftalin. First, let me address the Utah Aerospace Pathways Program and how that came to be. When we created the partnership, we had very little time to move on this. And in higher education, it's rare that things move quickly. So this is remarkable in the sense that we were put together in about 6 months and got this thing off the ground.    But one of the things that was always center to that pathway was this idea that students would spend time in the industry in that 48-hour paid internship. Paid is important because students don't have--a lot of our students, if they're 27, 28 years old and they're already working in our adult pathway that we're creating, that makes that very difficult, right?    So young students in high school starting into that pathway will have a paid internship on the floor in Boeing, Hexcel, ATK Orbital, and really get to see with the real workers there what's going on in that industry, how dynamic that industry is, what does a day look like in that field. And we believe that kind of active learning, that very hands-on experience is going to definitely enhance their learning experience. So that was always part of our idea formation.    The other piece I would ask or answer about your second question is that I think you have to be very careful. We have program advisory committees that are industry and education partners for every discipline. And you need to be, I think, mindful of those program advisory committees and the makeup and composition of who is on them, so that that's rotating, that that's reflecting the new energy of an industry, the up and coming innovations in an industry. You get them on the program advisory committee rather than people that have been in the industry for maybe 20 years and have kind of maybe lost sight of some of the advancements, making sure that's a dynamic composition so that you're getting the best information about your curriculum.    Ms. Huftalin. I might just share that at Salt Lake Community College, one of the shifts that we're making, as I'm sure many institutions are making, is the shift from this idea that the focus is on teaching to that the focus is on learning. So that you have a variety of students walking into your classroom from very diverse backgrounds, age backgrounds, gender, you know, religious backgrounds, and most importantly, academic preparedness, right?    So our faculty, and I would say faculty in CTE and academic are really moving into more about how do we assess the learning throughout the semester or throughout in short term so that we're giving students academic confidence early on. Many of our students are at jeopardy for dropping out. They're first generation students, they're nervous, they don't think they're college material. They need to see early progress, and they need to have early wins to see themselves as career ready or a college student.    And so we're working with our faculty to help them. How soon can you give students really critical feedback? How do you create that feedback so that it's accessible to the student and then they can learn from that so that they feel confident and they feel like they can persist?    Ms. Huftalin. I would just add that as you're looking at any kind of metrics or accountability, that you look at consistent metrics across multiple acts. So that right now we often have to meet different burdens of proof in terms of our accountability using different metrics. And to the extent that you could align those so that community colleges--so we are all looking at the same things for our different requirements, that would be less of a burden on us.    It would also help us as a community college, is that oftentimes we are asked to look at metrics that may be not as salient to community colleges as a 4-year institution. So to the extent that you can look at completion, that would be great.    Ms. Huftalin. Well, I would want met consistent metrics being used.    Ms. Huftalin. Yes.    Ms. Huftalin. One thing I might add is that we are working very carefully with the community council in this neighborhood where we're hoping to build this new building. And I think to the extent that you can get the residents of the neighborhood and the community in the space to see how state of the art it's going be, to see how exciting the training's going to be, that could perhaps lend some support to the parents really supporting that for their family.