    Mr. Cooper. Thank you.    I am worried we are already in a cyber war, we are just not admitting it. I don't remember from history a time in history of warfare when more eggs have been put in one basket, basically.    Virtually every chip in the world being made in one country that is not here. And the software is so unimaginably complex it is almost impossible for human beings to figure it out. So I am worried that the acronym ``CLOUD'' really stands for the ``Chinese Love Our Uploaded Data.''    I worry that none of the witnesses that I have ever heard calls for a change in the UCMJ, the Uniform Code of Military Justice, so that computer security becomes a value to be preserved because computer hygiene is staggeringly important. And perhaps there has been testimony to that effect. I haven't heard it.    I am worried that our troops would be incapable of working if the Net went down and things go dark. I don't know anybody knows the degree of Internet of Things when facilities could be shut down, as relatively unprotected.    And I don't know. Maybe you have been red-teaming all this. But to me the vulnerability is amazing when virtually every major U.S. company has already been taken down to some extent. Entire countries like Estonia were almost put out of commission years ago by hackers.    I just worry there is more vulnerability here than perhaps this hearing has indicated so far.    Mr. Cooper. So we don't need to change the UCMJ?    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Nally. I think--sir, if--just a minute. This might make you feel a little bit better, but three quick things. One, the Marine Corps is going toward using a private cloud.    Number two is in terms of what you mentioned about the UCMJ. We have actually published a document states we call it a negligent discharge. If a marine or civilian takes classified information and does something inappropriate with it, whether puts it on a NIPRNET or we had a spillage, et cetera.    We do hold them accountable, the commanders do. So we let the commander, whoever the commander is, know that this individual had a negligent discharge. They hold them accountable.    And three is we actually are training for a SATCOM degraded intermittent latent environment, stressing VHF , UHF , HF , terrestrial types of equipment, commander's intent and mission type orders. So we are pushing that down to the lowest levels.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, sir.