    Mr. LoBiondo. Good morning. Thank you, Chairman Shuster.    As was referenced, over the last 2 years the Subcommittee on Aviation has held more than 180 listening sessions, roundtables, and hearings on the state of the Nation's air traffic control system with stakeholders identifying the perpetual challenges the FAA has faced in modernizing the National Airspace System. And, as the chairman noticed, while we currently enjoy the safest air traffic control system in the world, it is no longer anywhere close to the most efficient.    The FAA has been attempting to modernize our safe yet antiquated ATC system since President Reagan's first year in office. Since that time the DOT Office of Inspector General, the Government Accountability Office, and numerous bipartisan Federal airline Commissions found that the FAA's progress with delivering planned NextGen capabilities has been plagued by significant delays, cost increases, and absence of promised benefits to the traveling public and industry stakeholders.    In testimony before the subcommittee in 2014, DOT Inspector General Scovel warned that the NextGen implementation costs for Government and industry--and this is the stuff that sort of makes your hair catch fire and your eyes pop out--initially estimated at $20 billion for each, could double or triple. So we are talking about possibly $40 billion or $60 billion. And that NextGen implementation may take an additional decade. That is what is at stake here.    Since 1981 we have invested over 70--7-0--$70 billion in taxpayer money to the air traffic control modernization, and yet we are still using essentially the same air traffic control system which is based on World War II-era technology. After $70 billion.    While stakeholders unanimously support NextGen, they have been unable to agree on how to address these well-documented implementation obstacles. As Chairman Shuster has stated, the committee has a historic opportunity to drive the transformational change needed to ensure that we have the very best ATC system in the world.    Three years of Federal budget disputes led the FAA decision in 2013 to furlough 10 percent of its air traffic control workforce, and nearly close 149 contract towers to meet sequester-driven budgetary cuts. According to a December 2015 report by GAO, budget uncertainty has also contributed to NextGen delays and cost overruns. Continued delays resulting from sequestration, employee furloughs, unpredictable continuing resolutions, and Government shutdowns have had a devastating impact on the FAA's ability to achieve transformational results.    Only 2 months ago we were voting here again to keep the Government open while the FAA, many of my constituents, more than 3,000 working at its Technical Center in my district, were forced to make preparations in the event they needed to shelve the projects and be ready for a shutdown. That is why the AIRR Act, we worked to ensure that critical projects and safety in the skies continue without interruption.    Included in the bill, section 241, will empower rather than stifle the employees involved in ATC modernization, particularly those at the FAA Tech Center. It will allow the Corporation to utilize the resources and extensive institutional expertise of the employees of the Tech Center to improve upon the already sterling safety record that we have all come to expect.    We are the only developed country whose ATC system can be a political football, frequently held hostage to Federal budget disputes like the sequester, which threatened not only the ongoing operations of the system, but also the successful implementation of NextGen. Unless the ATC reforms in the AIRR Act are enacted, we risk failure in delivering NextGen as it was promised to the traveling public.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses on how the ATC reforms included in the AIRR Act will ensure we have the safest, most efficient, and modernized air traffic control system in the world. And I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rinaldi, could you give us a little color commentary on what the state of technology is in our towers that air traffic controllers are using, and how it matches up with what might be available?    Mr. LoBiondo. So just in case anybody missed that, what was that year you said when that new technology would appear in our towers?    Mr. LoBiondo. So the next question I would like to ask--and we had devoted--and I would like to take the time to thank Mr. Larsen, because a lot of the--all of the 180 stakeholder meetings that we had we did in a very bipartisan manner, and that--we tried to get at a lot of the situations that we were trying to deal with.    And one of the things that we looked at was the air traffic control shortage that we may be facing. And we didn't really get to a conclusion by the--at that stakeholder meeting. Will you give us your take on what we are looking at here, and when we are looking at it, and what the numbers look like?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Poole, did you--looked like you had something you wanted to add to that.    Mr. LoBiondo. OK.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Chairman, I have additional questions, but they would run over my time limit. I will wait for the next round. So I yield back at this point.    Mr. LoBiondo . Mr. Sires?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Rokita?    Mr. LoBiondo. Well, we will have round 2.    Mr. LoBiondo. We have--trying to, you know--we are trying to accommodate. Everybody has been patient----    Mr. LoBiondo. You will have round 2, Mr.--sorry, thank you.    Ms. Brown?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you. Mr. Hardy?    Mr. LoBiondo. And thank you. We are going to ask for just a quick, 5-minute recess. We have at this point two more first-round questions from Mr. Carson and Ms. Titus, and then we will be going to round 2 for questions.    I know Mr. DeFazio has some, I know that I have some. So we will be looking to come back in 5 minutes. So we are in a 5-minute recess.    Mr. LoBiondo. I would like to try to call the committee back to order, please.    So we will now go to Ms. Titus.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Sanford?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you.    Mr. Carson?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. For, I think, Mr. Poole, the FAA, as we know, currently depends on appropriations from Congress and, as we know well in Washington, future budget allocations are never really certain.    The Government Accountability Office found in a December 2015 report budget instability and uncertainty has seriously impacted NextGen implementation and air traffic controller staffing, among other things. How would the cost-based financing system and bonding authority provided in the new ATC Corporation provide for stable and predictable funding to finally achieve successful, long-term capital projects, in your view?    Mr. LoBiondo. Again, for you, Mr. Poole. In March 2015, in testimony before our subcommittee, Mr. Matt Hampton with the DOT Office of Inspector General stated that one of the lessons learned from the other nations' experiences in separating and commercializing their air traffic control function was planning for the transition period.    In your opinion, is the transition process included in this bill sufficient to ensure no significant disruption to NextGen and overall safety levels?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you. I yield back.