    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have come to associate these oversight hearings with the very colorful and sometimes lurid titles about government overreach and water grabs, and things like that. So I was kind of surprised to see this very technical, academic title today: ``Innovations in Safety Since the 2010 Macondo Incident.'' I didn't even know what the Macondo Incident was.    Turns out the Majority's messaging department has once again been very on-message. The message with this milestone anniversary of the tragic Deepwater Horizon spill is to not talk about that spill. In fact, we are even renaming it. We are calling it the Macondo Incident. And we are going to talk euphemistically and wishfully about all the advances in innovation that have made deepwater drilling and other exploration safe now.    It is a great attempt at messaging. But, unfortunately, it is not very accurate. There is a lot that we could be saying on this milestone about what happened with the Deepwater Horizon rig. We could be talking about the inherent dangers of oil drilling and exploration, the loss of life that continues to happen, the exploding trains that we are experiencing all too often around the country, the inherent environmental damage and risk that we see with our unhealthy reliance on oil. We could talk about the full extent of the environmental damage from the Deepwater Horizon spill.    We could talk about the Barrier Islands in Louisiana that have eroded and begun to disappear because of the loss of vegetation, as the mangroves were encased in oil. I was watching a show last night where somebody took a boat up to one of these islands, and just the propeller action from that boat started stirring up oil that was beneath the surface.    We could talk about the massive oil mats that are being found beneath the surface that nobody talks about. They are not visible from the surface. But I was glad Mr. Graves raised this issue, because if we are going to commemorate this important milestone, we need to be honest about it. We can't whitewash the full consequences of our unhealthy reliance on big oil, and the inherent dangers of some of these drilling operations.    Now, I know that the Majority would like to have that be the narrative today, how far we have come, how safe drilling and exploration is, because, obviously, there is an agenda to take drilling and exploration into the Arctic, onto the Atlantic Coast. But we need to think very carefully about that, and make sure that we are drawing the right lessons from our own very recent history.    So, Director Salerno, I just want to ask you about the Arctic, for example. Would you agree that the Arctic is probably one of the more hostile climates that we could attempt to do oil exploration and drilling in?    Mr. Huffman. Choked with pack ice 8 months of the year, 25-foot seas, gale force winds, a lack of nearby equipment and staging locations. All of these things are going to seriously complicate an attempt to do drilling in a place like the Arctic, wouldn't you agree?    Mr. Huffman. Now, Shell Oil Company tried to get into that area in August of 2012. And it is my understanding it didn't go so well. Are you familiar with that effort?    Mr. Huffman. Would you tell us a little bit about what went wrong?    Mr. Huffman. They had an underwater containment vessel that they claimed could bottle up a gusher. What happened to that?    Mr. Huffman. And they had two drilling rigs that they lost control of. One of them crashed on the rocks and had to be rescued by the Coast Guard. Is that your understanding, as well?    Mr. Huffman. All right, thank you. I think we need to be very careful before wishfully assuming that everything is safe with oil exploration. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. Thank you. The Arctic is hostile, but they are not in a drought.    Mr. Gohmert, let me turn to you. And I want you to know that I am trying to follow your lead, but I only have a can, I don't have a bottle, I am sorry.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My question is for Dr. Murawski. The 5-year anniversary of this horrific oil spill has brought us some very slick television ads from British Petroleum, showing healthy wildlife and pristine waters, talking about the unprecedented mitigation efforts, suggesting that all is well in the Gulf.    But what we don't see are pictures of a place such as Cat Island, Louisiana. And I have a poster here, too. One is before the Deepwater Horizon spill on the left. So what you see there is a well-vegetated barrier island providing all sorts of ecosystem and hurricane safety services for that area. And on the right what you see is a completely de-vegetated and, actually, shrunken barrier island that has reduced in size, because all the vegetation was killed. The vegetation was holding the land in place, and it has begun to erode and, literally, disappear before our eyes.    Could you speak to this, and perhaps some other barrier island impacts that we don't see in those slick BP TV commercials?    Mr. Huffman. And when you see offshore islands like this literally disappearing because of that erosion, what does that mean, in terms of storm surge and potential impacts from events like hurricanes?    Mr. Huffman. I am also interested in something I read about just in the last week. In the wake of Hurricane Ivan, an offshore platform owned by Taylor Energy in the Gulf was toppled because of a subsurface mudslide. Apparently, the apparatus down there was buried in so much sediment that, even now, more than 10 years later, it is still leaking, and neither the industry nor Federal officials nor anyone else has any idea of really, at this point, how they are going to stop it from leaking. I believe it is one of the longest-running oil spills that we have ever seen. And recent data suggested the volume of what has spilled is 20 times higher than the figure originally put forward by Taylor Energy.    What would be the consequences if an event like this, which, of course, the industry would like us to believe is no longer possible--but if it were to happen in a place like the Arctic, what would be the consequences, given how hard it would be, in a difficult location like that, to deal with an undersea leak in a very remote location?    Mr. Huffman. Great. Thank you very much for your testimony.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Hice, do you have some questions?