    Mr. Chaffetz. The Committee will come to order. I thank you for being here, appreciate your patience as we have a hearing today on H.R. 707, the ``Restoration of America's Wire Act.'' We appreciate your patience and understanding.    We have critical votes that are on the floor of the House. We will have another set of votes. We do hope to get through opening statements prior to the next set of votes, but we will have to recess again. It is the intention of the Committee to come back into order after this next series of votes.    This is an important issue. It is an important topic. I happen to be the one who had introduced H.R. 707. I know there are various thoughts and perspectives on that.    Mr. Chaffetz. In the spirit of timeliness, I am going to first recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. Jackson Lee, for her statement.    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank the gentle woman.    I will now recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank the Chairman.    I will now recognize the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee, the former Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. Conyers, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    I obviously am in favor of this bill, having introduced it. I believe it is a states' rights bill, and I think it is important that states have the ability, such as Utah and Hawaii, where we have no gaming, to protect ourselves from something that we would not like to see within our borders.    I personally am opposed to gambling but recognize the right of others and other states, if they so choose, our neighbors, good friends in Nevada if they so choose to have at it. But nevertheless, I do believe that, going back to December 23, 2011, the Wire Act had an interpretation for more than 50 years, and if there is going to be an alteration of such significance to the law, then that should be done through the regular congressional process, not simply a 13-page memo issued by the Office of Legal Counsel within the bowels of the Department of Justice.    Now, there are a number of people on both sides of this issue. It is something that people, as Chairman Goodlatte talked about, are passionate about. I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter into the record 42 different letters that we have received by and large in support of restoring America's Wire Act or are very concerned about the implications of the OLC's opinion.    These include letters from the African American Mayors Association, the Southern Baptist Convention; Senator Mark Warner; the Eagle Forum; the American Family Association; two letters from the Family Research Council; a letter from the Concerned Women for America; a letter from Senator Lindsey Graham, Senator Dianne Feinstein, and Senator Kelly Ayotte; Attorneys General from 16 states that wrote to us that this is a problem; the National Association of Attorneys General. We have letters from Governor Rick Perry, Governor Nikki Haley, Governor Herbert of Utah, Governor Scott, Senator Reid, Senator Kyl, Governor Mike Pence; an op-ed by Governor Rick Perry; another op-ed from Governor Bobby Jindal; another letter from Senator Dianne Feinstein; a USA Today editorial from November 20, 2013; a New York Times editorial from November 25, 2013; a cover story on Newsweek of August 22, 2014; former Representative Spencer Bachus, a Member that was on this Committee; the Department of Justice; and the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Criminal Investigations. There are a host of letters and people who have opined that this is fraught with problems and challenges.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The submitted material is not included in this printed record but is on file with the Subcommittee and can be accessed at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=103090    But truly, we are here not to hear from the Members of Congress but to hear from our distinguished panel, so let me introduce them briefly. We will swear you in, and then we will start with the testimony from our panel. We do appreciate it. I know some of you have traveled from out of state.    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you.    Professor Kindt is the Professor Emeritus of Business Administration at the University of Illinois. He is a well-published academic author on issues in relationship to gambling. His academic research and publications contributed to the enactment of the 1996 U.S. National Gambling Impact Study Commission and the United States Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006, among other Federal and state statutes. Professor Kindt received his B.A. degree from William and Mary, earned his J.D. and MBA from the University of Georgia, and his LLM at SJD from the University of Virginia.    Mr. Les Bernal is the National Director to Stop Predatory Gambling Foundation. He has spoken and written extensively regarding the dangers of casinos and lotteries to the American public. He has testified before Congress and appeared on numerous television and radio outlets. Previously, Mr. Bernal served as the Chief of Staff in the Massachusetts State Senate. He earned his undergraduate degree from Ithaca College and his MPA from Suffolk University.    Mr. Michael Fagan is an attorney and adjunct professor at Washington University School of Law. He is also a special advisor to the Missouri Office of Homeland Security, as well as an advisory board member at Speartip LLC, where he is a consultant on cyber counter-intelligence issues. Previously, Mr. Fagan served as Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri for 25 years, where he prosecuted several high-profile Federal cases involving illegal gambling activity. He received his Bachelor's degree from Southern Illinois University and his J.D. from Washington University School of Law.    We are also pleased to have Mr. Andrew Moylan. He serves as the Executive Director and Senior Fellow for the R Street Institute, where he is the organization's lead voice on tax issues. Prior to joining R Street, he was Vice President of Government Affairs for the National Taxpayers Union. He previously served with the Center for Educational Freedom at the Cato Institute and has written numerous articles for national publications. He is a graduate of the University of Michigan and somebody we have seen frequently up here in the halls of Congress.    And Ms. Parry Aftab--did I pronounce that properly?--is the Founder and Executive Director for Wired Safety, an organization that provides information and education to cyberspace users on a myriad of Internet and interactive technology safety, privacy, and security issues. In 1999, she was appointed the head of Online Child Protection Project for the United States by the United Nations' Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization, a specialized agency within the United Nations. She received her B.A. degree as valedictorian at Hunter College and her J.D. degree from the New York School of Law.    We have a diverse group of people who have come to testify. Again, we thank you for your time and effort to be here.    It is the tradition of the Committee to have people sworn in. So if you will please rise and raise your right hand?    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony you are about to give this Committee shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Thank you. You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    It is a busy, crowded schedule. I will assure you that your full testimony will be inserted into the record, but we would appreciate it if you would keep your verbal comments to 5 minutes or less.    Professor Kindt, we will start with you.    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Bernal, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Fagan, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Moylan, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Aftab, please, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank the gentle woman.    I will now recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee, Ms. Jackson Lee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank you.    We have some critical votes on the floor. We are dealing with the budget, and these are multi-trillion-dollar votes. So the Chair finds that we are going to go into recess. If Members wish to ask further questions, it is the intention to open this back up and come back into session here for this hearing within about 10 minutes of the last vote. So it is probably no sooner than at least 6:30, but it is Congress, so anything bad can happen.    So, with that, the Committee will stand in recess.    Mr. Chaffetz. The Committee will now come to order. With votes closed on the floor and two Members present, we will continue, and I am going to recognize myself for 5 minutes.    I would like to kind of go down the line and ask a few questions and keep this confined. I have a few concerns.    The Attorney General nominee, Loretta Lynch, stated, when asked a question in her confirmation hearing, she said, ``I am not aware of any statute or regulation that gives OLC opinions the force of law,'' OLC being Office of Legal Counsel within the Department of Justice.    Do you agree that the OLC opinion of December 23rd, 2011, does not carry the force of law?    We can start with Professor Kindt and go on down the line. I would appreciate it.    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Chaffetz. Mr. Fagan?    Mr. Chaffetz. Microphone, if you could, please, sir?    Mr. Chaffetz. Mr. Moylan?    Mr. Chaffetz. Do you believe, Mr. Moylan, that the states and others are taking risks by believing that it does carry the force of law?    Mr. Chaffetz. Ms. Aftab?    Mr. Chaffetz. The FBI has issued a couple of letters of deep concern about the ability to police this. We have this from attorneys general, we have it from the FBI, we have it from a number of different law enforcement organizations.    Mr. Moylan, how do you answer their concerns about the regulation and the policing of these types of online schemes?    Mr. Chaffetz. We are getting to the heart of what one of my deep concerns is. I believe that this bill is a states' rights issue, that the State of Utah does not want gambling within its borders. That is our long-held position. We don't have lotteries. We don't have Indian gaming. We don't have any sort of gaming whatsoever, and it is na?ve at best to think that you can suddenly just create these fictitious borders because of technology and prohibit them coming into the State of Utah.    I mean, you give me a good 16-year-old and in about 5 minutes he can figure out how to spoof this or put some virtual private network out there. You can sign up for this for a few bucks, and I don't care if you are 13 years old and live in Provo, Utah. It is fiction for anybody to believe that they can just virtually create these borders. We have videos of people going and doing this for gaming, for lotteries. It is a serious, serious problem.    Does anybody really believe on this panel, does anybody really believe that technology can prohibit a 16-year-old from getting on a VPN or creating some sort of technological way and really prohibit gaming within the State of Utah? Does anybody believe that?    Mr. Chaffetz. Why?    Mr. Chaffetz. Really? And who is the VPN police?    Mr. Chaffetz. Really?    Mr. Chaffetz. There are payment plans and other things, but I think it is foolish at best to assume that this technology is suddenly going to create this virtual border.    My time has expired. I will now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Poe, for 5 minutes.