    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. As I have said before, the reality of the energy picture in the United States is changing rapidly. As the committee of jurisdiction over national energy policy, it is eminently reasonable and appropriate for the committee to look closely at our new energy reality. So much has changed since the House last considered an energy bill, and it is our responsibility to carefully consider proposals to help us develop the energy policies of the future.    Two weeks ago, I expressed concern cramming two completely unrelated subjects into a single, two-panel hearing, and again, we are here examining two subjects; natural gas pipeline permitting and hydroelectric licensing, that are important and warrant not only separate legislative hearings, but they also should be proceeded by a thorough oversight. It has been years, and in the case of hydroelectric licensing, an entire decade since this committee has conducted oversight of either of the programs that these drafts aim to reconfigure. From my perspective, this committee should not be writing legislative solutions before members have a chance to examine the state of play, or even confirm that a problem actually exists.    While hydroelectric power can be an important source of no-emission base load generation, it also potentially poses major harm to fish and wildlife populations, water quality, and other important resources. Hydroelectric power depends on rivers for fuel, and those rivers belong to all Americans, not just those who sell or buy the power generated from it.    The Federal Power Act requires FERC to balance those competing interests in issuing a license because no one use of a river for power, drinking water, irrigation, recreation, or other use, should automatically take precedence. For instance, if a license might impact a protected resource such as a wild and scenic river, a national wildlife refuge, or a national park, then the appropriate federal agency responsible for that resource can put conditions on the license to ensure that the resource is protected.    Unfortunately, the draft proposal before us completely throws out decades of policy and case law in one fell swoop. There is nothing subtle about the draft's changes. It undermines the key provisions of current law that exist to conserve our natural resources and protected areas, and ensure a balanced approach to the use of our nation's rivers. This legislation will only result in greater confusion, time-consuming litigation, and exacerbated and unnecessary delays of hydropower licenses. So I sincerely hope the majority will consider holding proper oversight hearings to inform members, and help facilitate constructive discussions on hydropower reform.    With regard to the other issue, the natural gas pipeline selling legislation, like the previous iterations of this bill. The draft is yet another solution in search of a problem. According to FERC, more than 91 percent of pipeline applications are reviewed within 1 year. I think that is pretty remarkable. And GAO concluded that the current FERC pipeline permitting process is predictable, consistent, and actually gets pipelines built. We have even heard pipeline companies testify that the process is generally very good.    So this legislation, in my opinion, is unnecessary and would disrupt the perfectly functioning permitting process. Instead, it imposes a laundry list of prescriptive, duplicative, and potentially harmful requirements on FERC and every agency involved in the permitting process. This would only slow down, rather than speed up the approval of interstate natural gas pipelines. The draft positions FERC as a policing agency charged with micromanaging other agencies in consideration of application, even determining the scope of their environmental review, and FERC doesn't have the expertise or resources to make those types of decisions. More problematic, the draft purports to address this resource issue by allowing applicants to provide extra funding for FERC staff or contractors to aid in the speedy review of pipeline applications. And this provision is troublesome and could lead to inappropriate relationships between applicants and FERC staff.    So, Mr. Chairman, I can't support either of the drafts before us today, and I urge the majority to rethink their proposals. Instead, I would like to work with you on energy legislation that benefits consumers as well as producers, promotes American jobs, protects our environment, and builds upon past successes to propel us into a better future.    I yield the balance of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My questions are of Ms. Miles. First, on the hydropower. Does FERC have a statutory mandate to protect water quality?    Ms. Miles. Our mandate is to protect all developmental and non-developmental resources, and that would include the range of environmental resources of which water quality is certainly one.    Mr. Pallone. And how about statutory mandate to protect access to public lands?    Ms. Miles. We do have a responsibility to provide for recreation and access at projects, as it is appropriate for specific projects.    Mr. Pallone. And what about a mandate to protect fish and wildlife?    Ms. Miles. Yes, that is also a part of or comprehensive development and need to take into consideration all environmental and non-environmental resources.    Mr. Pallone. My concern is that the discussion draft appears to grant FERC near-exclusive statutory authority to enforce state and federal mandates under the Clean Water Act, the Endangered Species Act, and agency Organic Acts, and even though you say you have some authority, my concern is that that is not your primary authority.    Is FERC seeking this authority at the expense of states and the Departments of the Interior, Commerce, and Agriculture respectively? I mean, obviously, they have authority over these same things that I have asked about. Are you actually seeking this authority at their expense? I am only asking you the questions, not the Governor. I mean are you initiating that? Are you asking for it?    Ms. Miles. No.    Mr. Pallone. OK. Let me ask about--buried in the language of the draft there is a two-word change to Section 4(c) of the Federal Power Act, and the words of the existing statute, shall deem, are replaced by the single word, determines. The context of this change is the mandatory conditioning authority of the resource agency. You follow what I am asking you? Is this a significant change from current law?    Ms. Miles. I don't think I can----    Mr. Pallone. Answer?    Ms. Miles . I quite follow the details of that. Are you referring to the alternative conditions?    Mr. Pallone. The mandatory conditions, sorry.    Ms. Miles. The mandatory conditions?    Mr. Pallone. Yes.    Ms. Miles. I think I said earlier that my sense, and I am speaking for myself, is that the agencies should provide--they are the ones that were given by Congress the responsibility to provide their mandatory condition for their reservation, whether it is land under the federal land-managing agency, or Section 18 for fishway prescriptions.    Mr. Pallone. But----    Ms. Miles. I believe that is their responsibility.    Mr. Pallone. But what would be the practical effect of this change on the ability of the resource agencies to protect and manage things under their jurisdiction? Can you answer that from a practical point of view?    Ms. Miles. I believe that the draft discussion document is very complicated, and I am not sure that I have digested exactly what the goal is and the intent of each word. I am generally supportive of some aspects of it, and I am certainly supportive of any ability to move quicker and less costly in developing hydropower in this country, and an efficient system. The actual meaning of each word in the bill, I can't talk about today, but I would be happy to discuss that further.    Mr. Pallone. OK. Let me just ask you a question about the natural gas pipeline regulation. My colleagues have said that we need the deadlines in this bill to hold federal agencies accountable, and ensure that they don't just sit on applications. You mentioned in your testimony that since 2005, the commission has authorized nearly 10,500 miles of interstate natural gas transmission pipelines, and GAO has concluded that FERC's pipeline permitting is predictable and consistent, and gets pipelines built. In your experience, are there significant delays in the review of natural gas pipeline applications at the commission?    Ms. Miles. I think the majority of pipeline applications are moving at a reasonable pace.    Mr. Pallone. All right, so just the last thing, Mr. Chairman. So of the small number of applications that take a little longer to review, are these delays due to slow walking on the part of FERC staff? I would assume that more complex applications would and should take longer to review. So what is the reason for those that are not----    Ms. Miles. They tend to be more complex, more controversial, probably the larger projects that require more information-gathering.    Mr. Pallone. OK. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.