    Secretary McFarland. Thank you, Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and distinguished members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to speak and appear before this committee, particularly since you are supposed to be at recess. And I ask that my written testimony, as you state, be taken for the record.    Secretary McFarland. Thank you.    Assured access to space continues to be critical to our defense space capabilities and national security, especially as our world has changed over the last decade into a nonpermissive environment.    During our March 17 hearing on assured access to space we touched on many topics concerning the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program. Amongst those were the Department's plans for reintroducing competition on how we procure our launch services for national security space, or NSS, satellites and our plan for transitioning away from the use of the RD-180 engine, the Russian engine, onto domestically sourced propulsions capabilities.    And while I am pleased to state that we are making progress on both of these, competition and transition is intrinsically and fundamentally intertwined. This interdependency can't be ignored. It must be managed. And as you heard with the members from before us, it is a complex issue. And with SpaceX Falcon 9v1.1 launch system now certified for NSS launches, we have for the first time since ULA's joint venture formation enabled competition for NSS launch contract services.    However, section 1608 of the fiscal year 2015 NDAA prohibits any use beyond the Block 1 contract with ULA for our most cost-effective launch capability, ULA Atlas V, which relies on that Russian RD-180 engine. As enacted, section 1608 creates a multiyear gap without at least two price-competitive launch providers and trades ULA for SpaceX as the sole providers on medium and some intermediate NSS launches. It also impacts ULA's viability to compete in the future, as discussed, as an estimate to replace and certify this capability is optimistically about 7 years. And, yes, I am a recovering engineer, and it is a complex issue, sir.    To avoid this unacceptable situation, the Department submitted Legislative Proposal Number 192 requesting section 1608 be amended. The Department believes this legislative proposal, combined with the addition of the newly certified SpaceX Falcon 9v1.1, enables the Department to minimize impacts to its assured access to space-based capabilities while industry completes its transition using domestically designed and produced propulsion systems. The Department greatly appreciates this subcommittee's support of the legislative proposal and looks forward to working with Congress and the defense committees as the fiscal year 2016 budget authorizations and appropriation languages are debated.    The Air Force released a request for information, RFI, you have heard some of it earlier, to industry around August 2014 soliciting feedback on approaches for transitioning away from the RD-180. Responses supported the Department's strategy to co-invest with industry to transition off the RD-180 and provide launch capabilities able to support NSS requirements, but markedly broader approaches than anticipated, as you heard.    As a result of the RFI and in order to comply with the commercial space trade transportation services and assured access to space mandates, the Air Force developed a four-step incremental strategy to fully transition onto domestic propulsion capabilities as being discussed. The Department remains committed to working with Congress and industry to transition off this RD-180 engine in the most efficient, expeditious, and affordable manner possible while ensuring continued compliance with the assured access to space and commercial trade space transportation service laws.    Again, thank you for your support to our critical missions, and I look forward to our discussion.    Secretary McFarland. Chairman, I think it was very clear that one thing came out from each of the previous industry comments: There isn't a drop-in replacement for an RD-180 on the table. Form, fit, and function, maybe, but not a drop-in exact replacement.    So really what we are focused on is risks. How do we leverage our funds and risks? Is it going to be leveraging funds from the government and the risk is to the government and we pass that risk back to industry? Or do we take and work together with industry and funding and share the risks? I call it the ``pay me now or pay me later.''    Each of these industries have already stated there is a limited industrial base for commercialization immediately. I shared with you earlier the Satellite Industry Association study that says there is a modest growth, somewhere between 4 and 9 percent. They, in commercial world, don't use the size as you are familiar with that we have for payloads.    So we carry, no matter what, an underwriting of whatever comes out of here. And because we don't have the IP to the RD-180 and we haven't developed, as has been stated repeatedly here, the engineering expertise that understands the metallurgy and necessarily the methodology to do the propulsions in exact form, we have to assess that we are going to have some modicum of risk.    The Air Force proposal, as it stands, and with their RFP, are pursuing getting the government and industry smart together to the point where they can make a logical decision to the next step. Can we purvey going forward with a launch system? Shall we look at just propulsion system? Shall we look at just engine? And what is the most cost-effective and, by the way, timely--we are racing against time--proposal?    The advancements from industry is reassuring. The question is now where do we place that risk and how can we afford it. Particularly, as I mentioned to you also earlier and with the ranking member, we are concerned with sequestration right in the midst of trying to rush to moving forward on this replacement. It hits us right at our weakest joint, fiscal year 2016.    Secretary McFarland. If I could, I think that was one of the things that is underlying your question. What the Air Force used was an other-than transaction. They aren't using FAR 15. That is similar to what you see in DARPA , I am sure. That is a very important tool that they are using to expedite not only the speed but the innovation. It is not as proscriptive as we discussed in that earlier one.    Secretary McFarland. This is like boo-boo.    Secretary McFarland. Exactly what the two gentlemen here said. The Department's look at this is that: Here we are. We have not got the intellectual capital currently inside of our government, let alone outside in industry, to do a one-for-one replacement. The RFP that is out on the street is to grow that knowledge immediately under a special type of an acquisition tool, if you would, the OTA . It has in there logical steps that would say, okay, we can now see what is the quickest, clearest, most affordable way to get to closure. And, at this time, that is, I think, the most prudent approach to doing it.    Secretary McFarland. Well, post that hearing on March the 17th, they did come in with a statement of intent and, indeed, are working with the Air Force for the heavy launch Falcon 9.    General Hyten. And the other point I will say, sir, is that part of the transition phase of that is moving with the full-thrust engines on their Merlin capability. Now, that is a very similar process to what we went through on the Delta vehicle when we went from an RS-68 to the RS-68A. They actually work closely with us as they go through that. That is part of the normal process that we work with both Atlas and Delta over the years. We have done that on the upper stage, as well.    Once we go through and certify the system, it is basically a baseline capability. And then, as industry learns and develops new capabilities, they have to come back to us and demonstrate their changes they go through. And the lucky part is General Greaves is actually the certifier, so he can talk about all the details of that. So I will pass it to General Greaves.    General Greaves. Well, Congressman, as General Hyten said, the Air Force has designated my position as the certification official for new entrants. And, as part of that, in assessing space access capability, we are working with them very closely. In fact, I co-chair meetings every 2 weeks with the Glenn Shotwell/Elon Musk level to assess the current status of what they have proposed, any changes that they are envisioning or have realized into their system to ensure it becomes certified in time.    So, in the end, we are well aware of proposed changes to the Falcon 9 1.1 system as part of the upgrade that was discussed in the other panel. Daily, our teams are--our organic government team, our FFRDC team--are working with SpaceX to fully understand what it will take to accept those changes, whatever they may be, as a certified system.    This is no different, sir, than we have done with ULA in the past. In fact, last December, when we flew the RL10C, which is an upgraded second-stage engine, we went through a significant effort with ULA ahead of time to understand the changes of that engine, what it would do to the system, and then certify it for flight, which we did last December, and it flew very successfully for the first time.    So, today, as we speak, SpaceX has provided what changes they envision for the upgraded Falcon 9. We are, daily, in an intense effort with them to understand and hopefully certify that system.    Secretary McFarland. Congressman, I can't say where the money goes. The government buys launch services from ULA. But I can state that, on May the 6th of 2014, the U.S. Court of Claims received the opinion of the United States Department of the Treasury, the United States Department of Commerce, the United States Department of State, that the payments to NPO Energomash do not directly contravene Executive Order 13661 at this time and would inform the court in the case of such determination in the future had to be overturned.    So, from our perspective, we did exactly due diligence on this to ensure that those statements were not factual.    Secretary McFarland. No, it does not. We have in block 1-A multiple launch, competitive launch opportunities that this would not allow us to have two viable competitors for.    Secretary McFarland. Sir, I do not. I am going to be visiting with NASA to see what they have in their SLS vehicle. From what I understand--and I am sure General Greaves and Hyten can explain further--it is a very costly way to send up an asset given what we have to do for our mission manifest.    Secretary McFarland. I think that would be a good question to ask us after we have a chance to review what has been proposed from the Air Force's current solicitation. I think that would be a good question for the record. And I think that would be good product.