    Ms. Clarke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank our witnesses for sharing your expertise with us this morning.    My first question is to Dr. Frank. Unfortunately, many states have refused to expand Medicaid coverage under the Affordable Care Act, and according to the American Mental Health Counselors Association, nearly 3.7 million uninsured adults with serious mental health and substance abuse conditions will not be covered in states that failed to expand Medicaid. To me, that decision is astoundingly shortsighted.    Dr. Frank, why is Medicaid expansion so critical to this population?    Ms. Clarke. Thank you, Dr. Frank.    I want to switch over to Administrator Hyde and ask a bit about living in a community setting. The report doesn't mention the Americans With Disabilities Act, the Olmstead decision, and how SAMHSA has been in the forefront of pushing for a service system where people with serious mental illness can live in a most integrated community setting. How does SAMHSA work to help people with serious mental illness living in the community?    Ms. Clarke. Well, that model is one that I think, particularly in a place like New York City where I am from, is a preferable one. There seems to be a reliance on the criminal justice system to sort of be that community living environment, and we have found that there have been a lot of challenges within our city's jail systems, for instance, with individuals who have been incarcerated and not treated, and the conditions under which they have had to live have really compounded their illnesses. So I want to commend you for your vision here, and make sure that as we go forward, we look at a broader view of practices that do work. It is unfortunate that the report didn't mention it.    I wanted to circle back. I know my colleague, Mr. Tonko, spoke to intervention, particularly in preventing recidivism. I want to talk about early intervention for children, and get a sense of the work of the programs that you are doing through SAMHSA in early intervention. Could you speak to a little bit of that as well?    Ms. Clarke. Yes, young children.    Ms. Clarke. Yes.    Ms. Clarke. I thank you for your work, Administrator.    And I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.