    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    Today's hearing asks can we verify a nuclear agreement with Iran. We all know the answer to that--no, we cannot. Allowing access to Iran's nuclear sites declared or undeclared still ultimately resides with the regime, and defining and then enforcing any violations becomes a political matter, not a matter of fact.    We have already seen Russia rush to do business with Iran and even lifting its suspension of S-300 surface-to-air missiles before, as you said, Mr. Chairman, before the ink could even dry on the four different versions of the framework agreement fact sheets.    Putin has announced that Russia would begin trading assets like grain and construction equipment in exchange for Iranian oil and Iran has announced that China will help build five nuclear plants in Iran.    So the notion that there will be the political will to snap back any sanctions is as illusory as the administration's belief that there will be adequate verification mechanisms in this deal--Disney's Fantasyland. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    As all of us know, Iran has been--has many years of experience playing cat and mouse with the IAEA and has learned from the Iraq model well enough to know that it can stifle even the most robust and intrusive inspections as the President claims that he has won from these negotiations.    What makes this whole nuclear negotiations debacle even more rotten is that President Obama has been disingenuous at best with Congress and with the American public about what is really in this deal.    Two of the most egregious examples are the lifting of sanctions and the reports that surfaced this week that the President had kept Iran's estimated breakout time a secret until the framework agreement was announced.    From the very beginning, most of us in Congress decried these negotiations because they only focused on the nuclear aspect of Iran's illicit behavior and because we wanted to prevent Iran from ever acquiring a nuclear weapon, not just delaying that capability.    The administration insisted that these negotiations be about the nuclear program alone. Now the administration will seek to lift all U.N. Security Council sanctions including those on ballistic missiles and conventional military programs.    The rationale? Because those sanctions were implemented as part of the nuclear-related resolutions at the U.N. Security Council.    So for the purposes of lifting sanctions and giving the Iranian regime more concessions and access to hundreds of billions of dollars to use to spread its terror and attack U.S. interests then ballistic missiles, Iran's support for terror and its conventional military programs are nuclear related. But when it comes to negotiating this raw deal none of that was nuclear related.    So Mr. Duelfer, there have been reports that the administration will give what we have been talking about--Iran essentially a signing bonus of $500 billion. How are we weakening the IAEA's ability to monitor and verify Iran's nuclear program if we already concede billions of dollars to Iran up front?    And related to that, if we provide this signing bonus what leverage do we have left with Iran to force this country to comply and answer all of the IAEA's outstanding inquiries?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much. And Mr. Albright, you have been saying for a long time now that despite the Obama administration's claim that Iran's breakout time was over a year, Iran could actually be closer and potentially even less than the administration's current public estimate of 2 to 3 months.    How does allowing Fordow to remain active--what does that mean for a breakout time and how long would it take to test a nuclear device underground and what kind of assurances do we have that we could detect it in time?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Albright. I know my time is up.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.