    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Nadler, Members of the Committee. You have heard a lot today about operational problems at ICANN, but what would really .SUCK is an unaccountable ICANN after the transition when we have lost the leverage for hearings like this to have much effect on the organization.    Over 17 years, our government has protected ICANN's multi-stakeholder model from government encroachment and helped ICANN to mature, and that is saying something, because the goal for a computer scientist is to build something that can last at least as long as it takes to finish building it, and ICANN is still a work in process.    But it is not sustainable for the U.S. to retain its unique role forever, particularly in a post-Snowden political climate. So NTIA asked the community for proposals to replace the stewardship role for IANA, and Chairman Goodlatte asked in a blog post earlier this year, ``What guarantees and capabilities and conditions should first be demanded and stress-tested by the global community?''    Well, the global community has answered with hundreds of meetings in the last several months, tens of thousands of man hours, many of them overnight since we cycle through global time zones, and our community proposals run a very good start. They give the community new powers to challenge board actions via independent review panels and issue binding decisions, to veto bylaws changes proposed by the ICANN board so they can't undo what we have done, to veto strategic plans and budgets proposed by the board, and to remove individual board directors or spill the entire board if we need to.    Stress testing has helped us to assess whether these new powers would let the community challenge an ICANN decision for inaction and to hold the board accountable. As an aside, we saw little need to stress test the technical operations of the core Internet functions that Bill talked about because they are provided by very experienced operators who are actually stress tested every day.    However, stress tests did help us see that ICANN's bylaws have to change in other ways. The first stress test in my April 24 testimony to your Committee was ICANN quitting its affirmation of commitments. So the community has said let's move some of the commitments and reviews from the affirmation into ICANN's bylaws.    Another stress test was the governments changing the way they make their decisions at ICANN by moving to majority voting. That would expand government power over ICANN decisions. So we, the community, have proposed changing ICANN bylaws to seek a mutually acceptable solution with the governments, but only where their decision was reached through true consensus.    Added transparency and powers would also help us to avoid situations like .SUCKS, which I tend to look at as more like a set of stress tests, of decisions made by ICANN to pass evaluation on an applicant who owed substantial fees, or the decision to negotiate a special million-dollar fee with a single applicant.    So turning back to the community proposals for transition, we need details--I understand that--and we need review by global stakeholders. So this will not be ready by September of 2015. The timeline on the display board in front of you and on some of the paper that I distributed shows that we just can't get there from where we are. But even with an extension in time, we worry that ICANN's board and management will resist the approval of these plans and impede its implementation.    The role of Congress, then, in this historic transition could be critical. What Congress can do while we still have the leverage is to insist that NTIA require ICANN to accept and implement the final community proposals as a condition of the IANA transition they seek. This is, after all, our last chance to use the leverage we are about to relinquish. So let's leave a lasting legacy where the Internet community gets the same kind of accountability from ICANN that shareholders demand today from their corporations, that my members demand from my trade association and, frankly, that voters and citizens demand from you. I don't think the global community deserves anything less than that which we use for the other institutions we count upon to make our lives work better.    I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and look forward to your questions.    Mr. DelBianco. Yes, we need more time, as the chart indicates. And a piecemeal approach, as Mr. Woodcock has discussed, leaves a very small piece of the meal for the naming community.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Chairman Issa. The notion of more names comes about because we find ourselves 10 or 11 years ago with 20 generic top-level domains and none of them in a script other than the Latin script. In other words, nothing in Chinese or Korean or Japanese or Arabic. We hadn't built the Internet out.    So what the community did is allowed people to propose names. That is why we ended up with thousands of names proposed. There were no rules or structure about knowing that we would have one in the complaint category and one in the car category. If the community were to move in that direction for the next round, we would need several years probably of policy to come up with the structure of how many would we have in each category.    There are plenty of conversations along the lines of what you suggested, the idea of categories as opposed to wide-open season, like we have had in this round. But it would take the community to develop that.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Representative Forbes. It is quite easy, I think, for ICANN to give DOD and GSA permanent contracts, permanent, irrevocable contracts for .mil and .gov. What is harder, though, is to ensure that we have legal reach to force ICANN to honor those contracts, and let me explain.    This is about the risks of having a .gov or .mil be redirected during an emergency, like a coordinated attack on U.S. systems and infrastructure. For over 100 countries, their .gov domain is at the second level, to the left of the dot of gov.ca for Canada or .uk for the U.K. Another 50 countries have .mil to the left of the dot for their country code.    What is the difference? Well, their .gov and .mil is housed in a server on their soil, under their law and under their total control. For the U.S., it is a little different. As the inventor of the Internet, our .mil and .gov are at the top level, or the root of the DNS, and that is what the IANA contract is all about.    So we ought to ensure that ICANN remains subject to U.S. law and that the root remains physically on U.S. soil to address the concerns that you brought up, and we have a stress test on that, you will be glad to know we found that Article 18 of ICANN's bylaws requires the principal office of ICANN to stay in California, and if ICANN board attempted to change the bylaws, one of those new powers I described earlier could block that change.    But if this community and this Committee feels strongly, we could move Article 18 to the fundamental bylaws of the transition. That would mean that the community would have to give 75 percent approval of the board's attempt to leave the United States' jurisdiction.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Conyers. Steve DelBianco here. Two other improvements we are making as part of our proposal. One is to make sure that when the community feels like compliance isn't happening, the community would have standing for the first time to be able to file for an independent review panel, and the community wouldn't have to come up with the $1 million it takes to pay for the attorneys and panelists.    Mr. DelBianco. So we are building in the ability to challenge those decisions, and when the panel comes back with a decision, it will be binding on ICANN.    The second would be that every year when ICANN puts forth a budget, if that budget lacks adequate funding for the systems that they need in compliance, like Mr. Zuck talked about, lacks the funding for compliance officers, we as a community can veto the budget until ICANN board comes back with the right budget.    Mr. DelBianco. You did, but you started by pronouncing my name perfectly, which comes from Marino to DelBianco. No problem.    In an answer I gave earlier to Representative Forbes, I was reflecting not only my own revised opinion but that of the Community Working Group, who took a look at whether ICANN's new bylaws should reflect a commitment that was made in the affirmation of commitments, a commitment to maintain its headquarters in the United States. And when you maintain headquarters or principal offices in the United States, that would mean that their legal presence includes the United States.    At the Commerce hearing in the Senate in February, ICANN CEO Fadi Chehade? repeated his commitment that they would honor that. But the working group did not believe that any one person's commitment would matter and that the affirmation, frankly, could be discarded by ICANN with 120 days' notice.    So we followed through on your question by ensuring that the bylaws of ICANN reflect that its principal offices would remain in California, and while the community might be able to approve a change to that, the board could not do it on its own. The board could not change the bylaws to remove the presence in California unless the community elected to approve that, if we make it a fundamental bylaw. That is 75 percent of community voting members, and we have the voting ratio set up in our proposal. That would mean that it would be a very popular decision to vacate the principal offices in California. It would have to have overwhelming support, 75 percent of the global community, not easy to get.    Mr. DelBianco. And, Mr. Johnson, I wasn't in the room. None of us were in the GAC room when they made the decision whether to block the .AMAZON. So you can chalk it up to perhaps it was politics. Maybe it was substantive. But more than likely, it was about the politics that go on as Nations decide how to support or oppose each other. But after that happened, the ICANN board had the opportunity to respectfully say we don't agree with your advice, and the board itself has that opportunity. In today's world, if we don't like the decision of the board, it is incredibly expensive, and only a few parties would have standing to be able to challenge that board decision and to have it be reviewed by an independent panel, and if that panel came back and said the board was wrong, the board could still ignore the panel.    This is why the reforms we have described would turn that upside-down so that aggrieved parties could appeal, and if the community, 75 percent of us, agreed, ICANN would pay the legal fees. And if the panel came back and said your decision was wrong, the board would have to do it over.    Mr. DelBianco. Thank you, Mr. Issa. I believe you said it right, governance is a package deal, especially when we are saying that leverage is necessary to get ICANN to agree to the rather tough reforms we are trying to impose upon them. So I do think we should keep them together. I think the Commerce Department will make a responsible extension of the IANA contract, and then what Congress does with respect to the rider, all of which are moving parts that have to overlay.    The chart I had up earlier showed that possibly the earliest is next spring, 2016. It might well likely leak into much later in 2016, and yet Commerce needs to have enough leeway to spend the resources necessary to answer your questions and to make sure that the stress tests have been applied, to make sure that the conditions have been met. Thank you.    Mr. DelBianco. At 17 years old, ICANN is really just a nascent institution. It is an evolving institution in the most rapidly changing industry the world has ever seen. So, guess what? Every year, every week, we are going to have new problems, just like the ones you have adequately described. And when these problems come up, we can't anticipate to say we check the box to say they have solved all the problems that they have, and they have solved all the problems that will ever be in order to say are they ready.    What we really need to say is that when they make bad decisions or implement good decisions poorly, we have got to be able to hold them to account, challenge their bad decisions, like this decision on the million-dollar fee to the .SUCKS. We ought to be able to challenge it, to know about it, and if they don't listen to what the community believes, we fire the entire board and start with a new board under the same public service principles.