    Dr. Elachi. Thank you, and Chairman Culberson, Ranking Member Honda, distinguished members of the subcommittee. Let me start by apologizing about my voice. My doctor's prognosis is that I talk too much. But that is not stopping me, to come and talk to you here. And it is a great honor for me to have this opportunity to talk to you about exploration of life in the Ocean Worlds.    Just thinking about it, that for thousands of years our ancestors looked up into the sky and wondered if there was life. And for the first time in human history, and I will repeat what I said, the first time in human history we know how to do that. We have the technology and the capability to explore for life in our solar system and beyond. And it really depends on us. It depends on you as our leaders and policy makers, and it depends on us as the technical people, we at NASA, in academia, and in industry.    In addition we know where to look, and I am going to touch on two locations and my friend and colleague Professional Lunine will touch on two other locations. First let me talk briefly about Mars. With Spirit, Opportunity, Curiosity and the spacecraft we have in orbit, we are convinced now on scientific grounds that actually there used to be oceans on Mars in the past. And then with the changes of the climate on Mars, the water is frozen now. And the key question is always the ocean in the past. And based on Curiosity's measurement, Mars has all of the ingredients that exist on Earth, could life exist? And that is what we are doing through our Mars program, looking for past life, on Mars.    And as you know we have Mars 2020, which is preparing with biological instruments to look and collect samples so they can be brought back to Earth in the following decade. And NASA in the budget has something that was called Mars precursors, which basically is to prepare for that era. To have the orbiting satellites that are needed and to look at how do we bring those caches back, how do we explore and prospect for ice in preparation for a human mission?    As was mentioned about ``The Martian,'' one thing I like about ``The Martian,'' that that could happen during my children's lifetime. And NASA is putting in place all of the elements which could enable us to explore, that planet.    Now the reason we are in such a good shape in Mars is because NASA developed a well thought-out integrated program, and that is the kind of program we need to do the exploration of the Ocean World, in the outer solar system. Now based on Voyager and Galileo data, we do know that Europa has an ice shell, H<INF>2</INF>O ice, it is water ice, like I am drinking here. And it has an ocean below the surface which has enough water, which is two to three times the water which is on Earth here. Now you would say how could that be? It is so cold out there. How could there be liquid water in that location? Well it turned out as these satellites, like Europa, go around Jupiter, which is a very heavy planet, it is about 300 times the mass of Earth, it creates tides exactly like what happens with our Moon. So over millions of years that tide has been pumping that ice back and forth, and that is what leads to generation of heat. So there it has the right ingredient, where you have liquid water today. It had organic material, and there is energy coming from the tide. So it has all the ingredients that life could exist today. Not in the past.    Now in order to successfully look at that life I think we need basically to land on the surface, melt our way, and get down to that ocean. Now we cannot do that today because there are a number of things that we need to learn before we can do that ultimate mission. So in order to be successful I think there are three elements that need to be done in the near future. One is to have an orbiter which will map the surface of Europa at very high resolution and sound through that ice so we can determine how thick it is. And that is what NASA is planning, a Europa mission that through your direction, NASA and the decadal, NASA today has instruments selected, we are in phase A, and I think we are progressing, with that mission.    The second element is to put a modest lander on the surface so we can determine the characteristics of that ice. So between the combination of the sounding which tells us how thick and the lander which tells us the characteristics of that ice that will prepare us in the future to put a Europa ocean explorer to melt our way and go below the surface.    NASA has started that activity based on your direction. Just a couple of days ago they requested from the science community for people who are interested to be on a science definition team to work with us on defining scientifically what should be the payload. And that lander will capitalize very heavily on what we have done on Spirit, Opportunity, and Curiosity in the technological technique of how do we land with a sky crane. And it looked very much like some of that technology that we have developed before. So we are very confident technologically that with appropriate funding that mission could be done at an acceptable risk.    And the third element is to have a technology program which will support from now, start to think how do we melt our way, how do we create a submarine? So by having these three elements, I am confident that we can explore the oceans of Europa in the foreseeable future.    Now the next key question is how do you launch it? How do you get there? And here there are a number of possibilities we are looking at. Clearly today we have heavy launch vehicles. Those heavy launch vehicles would take at least seven to eight years to get us to Jupiter. And that is what happened on Cassini. What we have to do is to launch, do a series of fly-bys by Earth to get enough energy to get there. Fortunately NASA is developing the SLS. With the capability of the SLS we can get directly to Jupiter in about two and a half years. That is a huge difference, and to some extent cost saving from the point of view of operation. And then you can have combination. Depending on how heavy the lander is if we cannot go direct we can go and do one fly-by by Earth and then head to Jupiter and that takes about four years.    So as we speak today we are looking at all these different options. Now fortunately what is elegant about our approach is you do not have to wait to decide what launch vehicle and when until another 2 or 3 years. So we can move ahead on the development of the orbiter and the lander and then over the next 2 to 3 years, as we know the availability of these launch vehicles, their cost, then we can work with NASA, I am sure they will come to you, with what is the right combination of SLS and the traditional launch vehicle.    So let me close by a quote that I would like to mention from President Teddy Roosevelt, because such a program is challenging. We are going to have successes and we are going to have failures. But mentioning, let me repeat, and I am quoting what he said it is ``far better to do mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those timid spirits that know neither victory nor defeat.'' The exploration of the Ocean Worlds is one of the mightier things that our country can do and we sure are not going to be timid. Thank you very much.    Dr. Elachi. Well I think that is a better question to ask for NASA. But clearly it all depends on when do you want these missions to happen? So from my experience, based on Cassini and other missions, typically it takes us 6 to 7 years after the selection of the payload to actually be ready to be on the launch pad. And in the case of the orbiter or the fly-by, those were selected a year ago. So you can add 6 to 7 years to it. In the case of the lander, it heavily will depend on the payload selection data. So a critical element before we can tell you really the detailed cost is the payload selection.    Dr. Elachi. Well clearly depending on when you want it. If you want to launch in the early twenties, the present level is not sufficient to do that. I am sure we can provide you with with a more accurate number for it. But I think it is appropriate for NASA now. For the total cost of the mission, as you know, NASA makes a commitment when we do the KDP-C, which is a decision that it makes when we start in the implementation. And those will be coming up in the next couple of years. But we can use as a reference the Cassini mission, or the Mars 2020 mission. Because those are well known missions of similar class to what we are talking about.    Dr. Elachi. Sure. No, I would be glad to address that. As I mentioned earlier with the EELVs, the present launch vehicle, it takes at least 7\1/2\ years to get to Jupiter because we have to do a series of fly-bys. With an SLS we can do it in two and half years. And that would lead to, even if SLS might be more expensive, but it would lead to savings of five years of mission operations. So the trade will need to be looked at.    Now we are looking at having the orbiter and the lander as two separate spacecraft. And there are different ways you can launch them. You can put them both on one SLS, but because that will lead to a heavy payload that still will require to do one fly-by by Earth. So that will take us, then it will add one or two years to the mission. Or you can launch them separately on two SLS. And then in that case you can get much faster to Jupiter. So over the next few months at the request of NASA we are going to look at all these different combinations, one SLS, two SLS, EELVs, and provide NASA technically how long it will take us to get there and when would we will be able to land, but also cost-wise, what are the trades. So we should be able to get back to you over the next few months with that trade.    Now as I said earlier we do not need to decide today what launch or what kind of configuration. We can wait about two years before we do that. But no question the SLS or any equivalent there is the Falcon 9 Heavy, will revolutionize how we explore the outer solar system. It will make a huge difference when you send a mission to wait seven years and analyze the data before you plan the next one, versus one where what you have to wait is two years. So no question, the SLS will be a game changer in this area.    Dr. Elachi. Let me briefly answer it, but my colleague here is smarter than me when it comes to astrobiology. The orbiter, which has the payload selected already, will do very high resolution mapping of the surface, will look at the composition at the surface with spectrometers, and will allow us to sound through the ice so we can determine how thick is that ice. And with the gravity measurement will be able to determine the characteristic of the ocean, how thick that ocean is. So it will provide us all of the ingredients that are needed to start planning for the next step with the measurements that the lander will get by making in situ measurement of astrobiological components as well as the characteristic of that ice. So let me, with your permission let me turn it to Jonathan. He is smarter than me.    Dr. Elachi. OK let me----    Dr. Elachi. OK. Now, I think our strategy is the orbiter will get to Jupiter before the lander and it will survey the area, image it at a very high resolution, identify the area of interest. And the lander, even if they are launched on the same launch vehicle    We would put the lander at the high altitude orbit to protect it from radiation, wait until the orbiter maps the surface, then we will zoom in and come down. Nothing will replace in situ measurement. There will be always uncertainty until you actually grab some of that ice and measure it in a mass spectrometer. The additional thing we need to be thinking about is we need to learn how to land on Europa for the ultimate mission where actually we will have to drill. So this lander that we are talking about will have a great scientific value, but also it will have the value of learning how to land. That is what we did on Mars. First we landed Pathfinder, then we drove a little bit, then Opportunity, and then Curiosity. So I think we have enough information that we do not have to wait for a mission to be completed before you get to the next mission. We have worked a strategy that you can do it on a much faster time.    Dr. Elachi. OK. Sure, I would be glad to do that. Let me first start by saying I am retiring from being the JPL Director but I will be Professor at Cal Tech, which I am presently. So I will stay engaged. I mean, I spent 40 years on this amazing quest of exploration. So I will continue to be engaged in that one.    Now on your second one, I think it is like every time NASA develops a capability we need to turn it over to the commercial sector so they can make a business out of it. That has happened on telecom satellites, GPS. And NASA to be exploring the next frontier. That is what our agency should be doing and I think that is what our agency is focusing on doing. So I think the commercial sector, particularly in the launch area, should be able to support that activity so we can spend our effort either on a more capable launch vehicle, like the SLS, or an exploring mission, like Europa.    Now talking a little bit on technology, I want to add one statement. When we landed Curiosity, of course I was proud of the landing of Curiosity, and we were delighted that you and your daughter----    Dr. Elachi . Were there. But what I was particularly proud of is all over it was written Made in the U.S.A. Because almost every piece of it, we do not import this stuff. We actually build it in the United States. So ever dollar we spend in our space program is spent in the United States for jobs, for developing technology, and so on. And the critical element was investment in technology and enhancing our capability to do these amazing things. These things do not happen. And no commercial sector will invest in technology which is needed 10, 15 years from now. And that is what NASA should be doing. So I am a strong advocate of the technology program for NASA. Because that is what enables the future for us. And at the same time, to turn over the things that the commercial sector can do to the commercial sector to do that. And I think that is the NASA strategy that is being advocated today.    Dr. Elachi. I think in order to make sure we have confirmation, you really need to make direct measurements and use it in a mass spectrometer to do that.    Dr. Elachi. On the surface. We don't do that if there are plumes. So the only way to make sure we do that is to land on the surface and make direct measurement, take samples and make direct measurement, because any other way you are going to be still uncertain. So that is a direct, important thing.    The other part I want to emphasize is also you need to learn how to land on the surface of Europa for the longer term and if this was in our capability to do that. So clearly a lander on the surface, in my mind, is a necessity in understanding the oceans on Europa.    Dr. Elachi. Actually, if you would let me add one thing. When you look at the Decadal and what are the science that they listed, we did generate a table which looked at what can the orbiter do. And the orbiter can do the majority of the science, but it cannot answer directly the question of the organic on the surface. So that was a gap that the orbiter could not do and that is why the lander is critical for this mission.    Dr. Elachi. OK. Basically, I mean, again, that is a question NASA would need to answer, but NASA deserves credit, they just sent an email to the broad science community inviting people to submit that they would like to work on this science definition team. And they stated in that letter that this is for about three months where they would work with JPL, with NASA on defining the payload. So they should be able to get that work done, I would say, by early summer time frame. And then NASA will have to go through its process.    So that is something that you need to address with NASA of when will they issue that announcement of opportunity for the instrument. In my mind, the earlier is the better because the payload is the key driver for developing the lander, because we can do a certain amount of work, but until we know what instrument you need, how much samples you need to get, what volume you need, it is hard to do the detail design. So it is critical that the AO and the selection of the payload, is done in the most expeditious way.    Dr. Elachi. Yes, I agree with you. And the design, the very preliminary design that we present to NASA will accommodate at least two in situ instruments, will accommodate motion monitor to look at any vibration and will accommodate imaging.    Now, if NASA decide and the science group decide that they need more instruments, we can do that, but that makes a lander more and more complex. So that is a trade which have to be done with the science community of what is an optimum payload which enables us to answer the question, but also can be done with a reasonable risk.    Dr. Elachi. I don't know about the weight and size, but at least one of the instruments, the Raman spectrometer, would be based on heritage from Spirit--not Spirit, unfortunately, but from Curiosity, we have a Raman spectrometer planned for Mars 2020, but I will let John tell you.    Dr. Elachi. That combination will be very powerful.    Dr. Elachi. Yes. I think on the question of the safety of landing on the surface, as I mentioned earlier, the orbiter is going to be taking very high resolution imaging of the surface. Now, remember, Europa is the size of our moon, so it is a big satellite. So we will be taking the images to decide what areas are scientifically valuable and safe to land.    In addition to that, as the lander is coming down, it will have the capability of actually taking pictures as it is coming down and move to make sure it is in a safe place. That technique we are going to be demonstrating on Mars 2020, so we will have it well understood.    And the third thing on top of that, the way we land, we are putting the lander inside the pyramid similar to what we did with Spirit opportunity and Pathfinder. So even if it lands on the side or if there is a rock next to it, it can unfurl and right itself up.    So these are three steps which will assure us that we will be able to land safely on the surface.    Dr. Elachi. Let me mention one thing. First, on Enceladus we see the plumes coming regularly. So there you have confidence and Jonathan has been thinking of how do you measure that. On Europa we have not confirmed that there are plumes.    Now, you could think, well, I could impact the surface and create the plume, but when you impact the surface you have to do it at extremely high speed and that could create a lot of damage for whatever is on the surface. I mean, damaging the molecule you are trying to measure, because it is like a bullet to do that.    So I am not sure that is a good or wise technique to do that and we don't know if naturally there are plumes. So clearly the best approach and the safest approach is to put a lander, a soft lander on the surface, and drill below the surface and make that measurement.    Dr. Elachi. I am not sure we will put the airbags, but it would be very similar, the shape would be very similar, and we are in the early stage of looking at the techniques. By bringing it with a sky crane and being able to have control of where we land, that addresses significantly the risk.    Dr. Elachi. Let me answer it first on the technical side. On the technical side, the two are complementary, it won't impact. We can move ahead with the orbiter on its present schedule. At the end, the key driver is going to be the funding for it. And that is what we are developing now to provide NASA for the funding profile that is needed based on the direction which came from your committee about when to do the launch. So we would be providing that to NASA.    Now, originally, maybe your concern comes, originally we were thinking of having the lander attached to the orbiter and, therefore, the orbiter will have to wait for the lander to be finished. That is not our plan now. We found that technically that is not a good approach. So we will have the orbiter and the lander as two separate spacecraft. And as I mentioned earlier, three years from now we can decide do we launch them together or do we launch them separately.    Now, for Jupiter, fortunately, we can go to Jupiter roughly every year, about every 13 months. So you can plan it depending on the readiness of the orbiter, the readiness of the lander, the availability of the launch vehicle, but you have a shot every year to actually do that, if we decide to do them separate.    And so we are doing all these assessments, should they be launched together or should we launch separate, but they will be developed separately, so it won't impact the orbiter's schedule.    Dr. Elachi. The time of development is, once you select a payload, you need roughly about 6 to 7 years to be at the launch pad. That is from our experience on Mars 2020, Cassini, Galileo, all these missions. And if you try to do it much shorter, that is not wise, because you are taking big risks. If you wait longer then that it is not efficient, because you have built your team and all the activity, if you start stretching it, that is not the way to do things.    So really the driver is, the trigger point is, in my mind, the selection of the payload, and then you can add 6 to 7 years, assuming funding are available, 6 to 7 years to be ready to be on the launch pad.    Dr. Elachi. Let me add to what Jonathan said. So that reflects that the science community have been thinking, so it is well thought of what needs to be measured. And that is why the Decadal indicated measurements which as of now can only be done with a lander.    The other question on the radiation, I am not an expert, but I ask people at JPL, all that you have to do is to go just a few centimeters below the ice and you are somewhat safe from radiation. That is why Jonathan emphasized that when we take the samples, we need to drill a few centimeters, a few tens of centimeters, so you get fresh ice coming from it which is not bombarded by the radiation. So you don't have to drill too far to actually find what we are looking for.    Dr. Elachi. Yes, correct.    Dr. Elachi. No, I just want to mention, you probably know it, but to the credit of NASA they added Enceladus and Titan to the potential targets for the New Frontier program. This it is to look at an ocean program which involved Flagship mission, New Frontier and Discovery. So NASA did add Titan and Enceladus as potential candidates for the New Frontier mission. And Discovery is a little bit harder, because the outer solar system is pretty far away to do that.    Dr. Elachi. Again, I mean, the biggest benefit of the SLS is the speed and that it can carry more mass. We are in the process of thinking of ideas for the Titan mission and the Enceladus, and Jonathan is a key player in both of them. Depending on what the scientists come up with, that will lead to what is the right launch vehicle.    Dr. Elachi. To answer your question, from the Cassini mission we know those surface oceans, which are made of hydrocarbon, are the size of the Great Lakes. So this is not like a pond, but it is not a Pacific Ocean. But they are very large lakes. And as Jonathan mentioned, the amount of hydrocarbon which is in them exceed by how much for----    Dr. Elachi . Two orders of magnitude how much hydrocarbon there is. So that could be an indicator of some exotic life, a different way of life.    Dr. Elachi. I think what you said is the wisdom of having a program. You need to think of all different elements to explore Europa, Enceladus Titan, in similar ways that the Mars program have been thinking about. And it could be a combination of large spacecraft, small spacecraft, boats, balloons. So the benefit of having a program is that you can do this kind of thinking that you are mentioning.    And also it will allow us to build on, one mission building on the prior mission, both from science, but also from hardware as you develop things. So it is the same thing on Mars we built up from Pathfinder to Spirit to Opportunity, then to Curiosity, then to Mars 2020. And now we are looking at technology such as little helicopters which can augment those measurements. And that is enabled because we are thinking as a program, not one mission at a time and then wait until we get the results from it.    Dr. Elachi. Clearly, I think as we develop an Ocean Worlds program, we should be looking at what can we do also in our oceans. And that is why Dr. Ballard has been involved in some of these activities, because we can learn both ways. By exploring our ocean, we can learn about oceans outside our planet and vice versa.    I have been around in this business for 40 years and I found many times as we develop things for planetary exploration, the technology and the technique and the knowledge are directly applicable back to our own planet. I started the JPL to work on the Magellan mission which had an imaging radar on it. Guess what? Now, imaging radars are being put in orbit around earth based on some of that technology that we developed for Magellan.    And I have no doubt, whatever we do on Europa and the technology for submarines or drilling, will have some cross-benefit with our own ocean and vice versa, because here we have to develop robotic, small submarines which are capable of making some very advanced measurement. I could see people interested in having dozens of those being put in our own ocean to study what is below the ice in the Arctic and Antarctic.    Dr. Elachi. To the best of my knowledge, from what I have been told, I think it is appropriate and an appropriate level, but again that is a question that headquarters probably can answer. But for our purpose, looking at the near-term mission that we are discussing, I think what is available now and the new production that DOE is doing are satisfactory for that.    Now, in the longer term when we start talking about a lander to melt our way down below the surface, then that is why I said it is important to put some work on the technology of what is needed, so we can assess exactly how would you do it and will we have enough radioactive material to do that.    Dr. Elachi. Absolutely. It has to be all done autonomously, because it takes a couple of hours for the signal to go up and down. So everything has to be done autonomously and that would require the advances that you are talking about.    Dr. Elachi. Yes, that is correct. I mean, I don't know, but depending how thick the ocean is.    Dr. Elachi. But for that mission you clearly need nuclear capability, because it is going to require a long time. So the lander that we are doing, that we are talking about now, the precursor lander, that doesn't require a long time. It is required to capture samples, make measurements. And the fact that it is static, it is not a rover, most of the science can be done in a couple weeks, therefore nuclear material is not needed for the lifetime, it can be run with batteries. But as we head toward drilling down, then I don't see any option other than having nuclear to get enough power to be able to do that, or energy to be able to do that.    Dr. Elachi. OK, let me mention on the techniques and then Jonathan can add on the science.    WFIRST just passed its Phase A, so NASA is proceeding through the process of doing that. The baseline mission, which was a top priority with the astrophysics community, that baseline mission focuses on two topics, dark energy, dark matter, and on exoplanets. The mission now, the baseline, include the chronograph inside the spacecraft itself. That allow us to make certain measurement of detecting planet directly by blocking the light from the star and be able to see the planet, and it will detect planets of certain size and distance.    We are working on technology, let me emphasize, it is technology now, for a potential Starshade which will augment the measurements which are being done by the chronograph. But that technology, we need a couple of years to demonstrate fully that technology and bring it to a level that detects Earth-size objects. The Decadal can then assess the scientific value versus the risk.    So we are moving ahead on the technology, but as of now the baseline WFIRST mission only include the chronograph inside the spacecraft.    Jonathan.    Dr. Elachi. My understanding and, again, you might want to do a hearing on WFIRST, because I am not fully up to speed,--my understanding is the chronograph will allow you to image separate the light coming from the planet, mostly for planets larger than Earth, but it was the chronograph. The Starshade will bring you closer to Earth-size planets. How accurate the spectroscopy can be done, that is something that I really can't answer, that is not my expertise, and I think there are people who can answer specifically that question.    But the key point I think you are making is we will be able to separate the light of the planet from the light of the star by using the chronograph and, as I said, the Starshade will make it even closer to looking at Earth-size planets.    Dr. Elachi. I think so. I really cannot tell you 100-percent sure, but, yes, it will be able to do some spectroscopic measurement.    Dr. Elachi. I don't know, because that requires some new invention, but I was thinking about it as I was sitting here. If I would have told my grandmother, and that is not very long ago that I would be able to hop on a plane and fly to the United States in 12 hours, she would have thought I am crazy. But within a hundred years we have moved from being in carriages to be able to travel across the country or across the world. So I am sure our children will be smart enough to invent some advanced technology for propulsion to do that.    Now we need to start making some investment. We don't have an answer. I cannot tell you, if you do A, B, C, we will get to one percent or two percent. But, also people think about it for airplanes, it is by investing in the technology, we might get some new inventions that will allow us to go to those kind of speeds.    Dr. Elachi. Thank you.