    Mr. Griffith. Thanks. And I will try to be brief.    And I am going to go off on a little bit of a tangent. When I was in the Virginia State legislature and then subsequent to that, North Carolina, adopted zoning requirements that would allow med cottages to be placed in somebody's back yard if a member of their family had medical needs that required two or more procedures a day. And the estimates were that this would save a lot of money. Of course, it is not paid for by the Federal Government at this time.    And I would just ask that you all look into it because the concept is, is that you would build a hospital room in a mobile facility--basically the mobile home manufacturers love the bill for that reason because they would get this, but it would allow somebody like myself, if I were to suddenly have a major problem to stay in with my loved ones. And we had testimony in Virginia at the time that there was a young man who was 8 or 9 years old who was dying and his parents wanted to be with him, but they couldn't get a medically appropriate place for him in his rural community, and so the parents had to both quit their jobs and spend the last few months with him in a hospital room in Charlottesville, Virginia.    I think this is a concept that both saves money and is compassionate. It helps patients stay with their loved ones if they can, not necessarily in the hospital, but where they can have some treatment brought to the home where that is possible, in lieu of having a nursing home bed perhaps, but with the number of nursing home folks shouldn't be too opposed to it, and weren't at the time, because they see the market expanding so much that this niche would be there.    Just ask you to think about it. I think it is something for the future, and I would appreciate it if you all would take a look at this concept and be happy to give you any information that you need.    Mr. Griffith. And with that, Mr. Chairman, and many questions already having been asked and answered, I yield back.