    Mr. Swartout. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this opportunity to provide our perspective on how the state of Colorado has worked to conserve and protect the greater sage grouse. I thank you and your colleagues for your thoughtful consideration and your efforts to gather the information necessary to properly evaluate these matters.    Colorado has a proud record of collaboration with landowners, wildlife managers, ranchers, conservation groups, and state and Federal agencies; and together we have made stewardship of the species a priority. The state's wildlife management agency, Colorado Parks and Wildlife--we call it CPW--has exceptionally strong in-house capabilities to develop research and science. Colorado puts an enormous amount of resources into that development of research and capabilities for the agency, and they have developed site-specific science regarding the greater sage grouse.    Relying on that expertise, CPW has collected and analyzed Colorado-specific data to assess habitat quality, threats to habitat, and the impacts of various changes to habitat for greater sage grouse. In 2008, working with landowners, stakeholders, Federal agencies, and other state agencies and conservation groups, our biologists developed a comprehensive management plan for the greater sage grouse, which was designed to increase the abundance and viability of the species and its habitat.    In 2013 and 2014, Colorado updated the plan. Additionally, Colorado's regulatory framework for energy development proactively engages our important oil and gas industry in helping to protect the greater sage grouse and its habitat. The Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission's 1200-series rules require consultation with CPW whenever an operator seeks to develop energy resources in sensitive wildlife habitat.    Concerted cooperation among our agricultural producers and our wildlife agency has resulted in the ``Ranching for Sage Grouse'' program. This program provides landowners with the best-available science and management tools for grazing in habitat areas, and protecting the greater sage grouse populations. The effectiveness of these broad-based conservation efforts are borne out by data.    Since 2003, Colorado Parks and Wildlife has protected over 80,000 acres of sage grouse habitat through fee title purchase or conservation easement at a cost of just over $52 million.    Additionally, the land trust community in Colorado has protected an additional 154,000 acres of private land in greater sage grouse habitat areas through conservation easements, including some of the best sage grouse habitat and largest leks in the state.    Since 2005, CPW has expended more than $9.2 million to conduct annual operations in support of greater sage grouse conservation.    Just last week, the governor of Colorado issued an executive order that calls on state agencies to take further actions to reduce impacts on greater sage grouse.    I must say that the Western Governors continue to work with each other and Interior Secretary Jewell within the National Sage Grouse Task Force to create robust state and Federal plans that protect the greater sage grouse. It has been a tremendous effort, and we want to thank Secretary Jewell and her team for partnering with us and working on these plans. It hasn't been easy.    In closing, let me just stress this point: Colorado has worked closely with many partners across the spectrum, including local governments, landowners, conservationists, and my friend, Ed Arnett, sitting next to me. A decision by the Fish and Wildlife Service to list the greater sage grouse puts all this cooperation at risk, and threatens to pull apart the coalitions that we built in Colorado.    To close, I would just like to say that despite all of the above and despite our concern about a listing, the governor of Colorado thinks that congressional action at this time, to delay a listing, doesn't provide the state with the kind of regulatory certainty that we need.    And we continue to work with Secretary Jewell and her team. There are difficulties--this is a negotiation--but we continue to work with them, and we think we are very close to reaching an agreement that will allow us to get to a not-warranted decision, that will justify a not-warranted decision by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. It has been a difficult effort. There are issues that the states have, but we continue in earnest to work with the Secretary and her team.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. That concludes my testimony.    Mr. Swartout. Thank you for the question, Congressman. In Colorado we have been dealing with these issues for a long time. And I think the real issue, where the Endangered Species Act becomes adversarial to some degree, is in the structure of the role that U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, where they are required to measure regulatory measures, right?    They have to take those regulatory measures, and they are often litigated. And that is their primary focus, whereas states have put enormous value on cooperation and partnerships. We work with the Cattlemen and the Farm Bureau and local landowners, conservation groups, industry; and states put the weight on those activities.    The key issue is finding the balance between those two things within a listing decision. So, have things been added as Idaho and Utah described? Yes. But that is a part of what we deal with, with the Endangered Species Act, is that--trying to find the balance between regulatory measures and state cooperative partnerships is really what the struggle is all about; and we are hopeful to get that balance right and get to a not-warranted decision.    Mr. Swartout. Thank you, Representative Polis. As you know, we have invested enormous resources, but these issues concern all of our constituents in the 11 states; and Congress certainly has the freedom to intervene as they choose, because they also represent those constituents.    But we have, as I mentioned in my testimony, we have been working very diligently with Secretary Jewell, her team, the BLM, on trying to come to a successful conclusion in our BLM plans and our state-led conservation efforts to protect sage grouse. We continue to focus on that, and we have a path forward to get there. It is difficult, and it has been difficult, as described by Utah and Idaho in their testimony; but the Governor's goal is to still find a path forward to get to a not-warranted decision.    Mr. Swartout. No, we haven't seen a number from the Federal Government; but our biologists work on thresholds of what they think the carrying capacity of the land is, trying to improve that, and move trend line numbers up in an upward direction for the sage grouse.    Mr. Swartout. Congressman Tipton, I am not sure I understand the question. Would----    Mr. Swartout. No, not likely.    Mr. Swartout. No. But I would say, Congressman Tipton--and I compliment you on your long efforts on these issues in working with the Governor and our two great Senators from the state of Colorado in a proactive way on these issues--that the key to this is our landowners in Colorado, many of whom are your constituents, as you know. These landowners have taken unprecedented amount of effort to allow our scientists from Colorado Parks and Wildlife to come on their property and actually track these birds, so that we have a good sense of the management actions that are most effective in dealing with trying to bring these species back.    Mr. Swartout. Right.    Mr. Swartout. I think, as we went from the national models that measure vegetation and other things, and developed through an enormous investment from the state of Colorado in science, we have been able to actually----    Mr. Swartout. It is less, Congressman.    Mr. Swartout. Yes. Our Colorado Parks and Wildlife----    Mr. Swartout. I wouldn't call it faulty science, Congressman.    Mr. Swartout. I would say that they are taking a broader model; and what the state does, often in partnership with them, is put it on the ground and actually measure what the behavior of these--in this case, sage grouse--to better inform our management decisions on what actions have the highest leverage to keep the trend line moving up for the species----    Mr. Swartout. As I said earlier, Congress has every right to pursue working with their constituents.    The Chairman. You are out of time. Say yes in 2 seconds.    Mr. Swartout. Yes.    The Chairman. Thank you.    The Chairman. All right.    Mr. Hice.    Mr. Swartout. Congressman, I would call the effort unprecedented with our local governments and other stakeholders, and with the two Federal agencies. It has been unprecedented, in terms of the amount of work and effort that our folks have put into it, working with the Federal Government.    And, as I said in my testimony, are these processes difficult? Absolutely, they are; but we feel that we have been given adequate ability to comment and work with the Federal Government toward what we hope is a balanced solution.    Mr. Swartout. Yes.    The Chairman. Thank you. All right. So, Ms. Clarke, in the Utah plan, does it maintain the status quo or actually increase the amount of habitat?    Mr. Swartout. We have continued to work with our coalition of counties and----    The Chairman. Now, come on. What did you do?    Mr. Swartout. Oh, I am sorry.    The Chairman. You sued.    Mr. Swartout. We filed litigation.    The Chairman. OK. You sued.    Mr. Swartout. Sorry.    The Chairman. That is the concern I have. Gunnison sage grouse--if the hope is that eventually the Federal Government will actually work with the states and work fairly--the Gunnison sage grouse does not give me a whole lot of warmth that that actually will take place.    Ms. Clarke, a 6- or a 10-year period of time to try and evaluate the effectiveness of the state plan, do you need time to see if these plans work or not?    Mr. Swartout. This is part of the balance that we are trying to achieve by having local government participation in these plans, and many of the counties that you represent, as part of your congressional district, as you know.    I think the more critical issue is the interplay of both Federal and state and private lands. One of the things we worked really hard on with the BLM in our plan was to make sure that if they weren't allowing the activity on Federal land, we weren't pushing it onto private land, where it would have even a bigger impact on the grouse. So we worked tirelessly with Colorado Parks and Wildlife and our counties to figure out a mosaic--a holistic approach that avoided areas with sage grouse, and tried to put the impacts where it would have the least impact on the sage grouse. That is what we are struggling to maintain in these plans that we sent to Washington, DC, and that is where the tension is.    Mr. Swartout. I think that, in the status before a listing, it has created pressure that has actually helped us to develop and work with private landowners.    Mr. Swartout. What would an actual listing--what effect would that have? It would have a detrimental effect, without question.    Mr. Swartout. In some degrees it has made it more difficult. But Colorado's 30-year history working with landowners and building that partnership between agriculture and our Department of Wildlife in Colorado is fairly robust, and it is stretched. It has been stretched by the Gunnison listing, but it hasn't broken because of the governors--the last three governors of Colorado have had this commitment to----    Mr. Swartout. It has made it a little more difficult.