    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I would like to follow up a little bit on the comments that were made when Chairman Murphy raised about the change of opinions and decisions that have been made under this administration.    Administrator, thank you for coming back. It is good to see you again. But small rural hospitals all across this country are in dire shape. We know that nearly 60 hospitals have closed over the last 5 years in these rural hospitals. In my State, over half the critical access hospitals are operating rural health clinics and they are being adversely impacted by CMS' decision to disallow the cost of operating these rural health clinics.    Now this is in contrary to a previous decision that approved it back in 2004, said that very specifically that you could include the cost. Now it has been a reversal. CMS apparently intends to enforce this new decision retroactively over 5 years, and the cumulative impact of this on rural health clinics and critical access hospitals in West Virginia is going to force a back payment of millions of dollars when they can barely afford to keep their doors open as they speak.    Now these hospitals as you well know are treating our poor and our most vulnerable citizens in rural communities. Just last week, West Virginia's Health and Human Resources wrote you all, CMS, a letter. Are you aware of that letter?    Mr. McKinley. I am sorry?    Mr. McKinley. OK. I am just simply asking you at this point since at stake is whether rural hospitals they simply can't afford to make this retroactive payment, they simply can't do it and it is almost a sixth of all the hospitals or 12 of the hospitals, and so nearly 20 percent of all the hospitals in West Virginia are threatened----    Mr. McKinley . Whether or not they can make this payment or not. So I am asking, please, they have reached up this far up. They have been trying, and I know you all have dug your heels in and I understand that. But this is a time not, to maybe rethink that please, and see if there isn't some kind of solution if we could work through this. Because they were based on a previous decision and you have made another decision, your department's made another decision that is contrary to that.    We are just trying to prevent a retroactive payment. If it has to go forward I think they can make the adjustment, but going backwards I have got to appeal to your sensitivity. Will you take a look at that? Will you try to take a good look at that letter?    Mr. McKinley. If you would, please. And would you also agree to work with the State of West Virginia to provide some technical assistance in drafting a Medicaid State plan amendment that would recognize the important role that these critical access hospitals serve in providing rural healthcare services and consequently clarify their eligibility for continued Medicaid DSH payments? Would you do that, please?    Mr. McKinley. Just in closing, the last three questions. Does CMS provide any grants or other forms of financial assistance to rural hospitals so they can better cope and address these situations that are occurring? Again with the backdrop, all across America these small hospitals are closing.    Mr. McKinley. We can't afford to have that as you well know, but do you have anything like that of funding sources?    Mr. McKinley. I am going to say you are agreeing, and can you work with our office and also the State hospital association to ensure they have the resource, if that is what I am hearing you say that you may have some sources that they may not be aware of?    Mr. McKinley. Thank you. Most importantly, just please, don't make it retroactive. They can't do it. Thank you. I yield back my time.