    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for calling this. I think this is an incredibly important project for us.    So we are looking at the 2016 budget request for the F-35 Lightning II aircraft program. It totals $10.8 billion spread across 17 separate procurement and R&D accounts. That is an enormous amount even by the standards of the Department of Defense's budget.    The total is, for example, more than the Navy's fiscal year 2016 request for aircraft carrier and submarine construction combined. It is five times as much as the Army's fiscal year 2016 request for weapons and tracked combat vehicles. So given the scale of this proposed funding, I think it is important that we try to understand what is going on with the program.    Since World War II, America's way of war has required air superiority. And so airpower is one of the great advantages that we give to our military, especially when we are in places and it has proven time and time again. So the F-35 program, while flawed to this point, is really the key to retaining that airpower edge for the next 20 years or so. It is also going to be flown by at least 12 allied nations, all of whom are likely to be our partners in future conflicts at some point.    And so there have been some critics who have said we need to terminate this program because it is over cost, it is long overdue, and there are still problems with it. However, I believe that we are past that decision point. We have just got to make this program work.    And I think you will agree with me, Mr. Chairman, we have had many discussions on this. We have got to get this done.    Making it work is not an easy task. It is a very complicated piece of machinery, and everybody's had their fingers in it. Lots of decision have been made, and lots of decisions have been changed.    I am very still concerned about the engine fire last year, which resulted in a setback in the testing schedule. The substantive grounding also highlighted the risk of the current sole-source engine production arrangement that this program depends upon.    Secondly, the highly sophisticated software for the F-35 continues to encounter developmental delays. Both the GAO and the DOT&E have pointed out in their most recent reports that, because of the pressures on the flight testing schedule, a significant amount of test points were deferred or entirely dropped.    More specifically, the committee was recently informed by the F-35 program office at the start of development flight testing of some critical elements of the Block 3F software effort are on hold indefinitely, pending more progress on the critical fusion element of the preceding Block 2B software.    In addition to its stealth characteristics, the ability to fuse sensor feeds from other F-35s and other sources is one of the most important parts of the F-35 program. So, of course, this delay is also troubling with respect to the program.    And the operating and maintenance: The sustainability is significantly different than when we envisioned this project on the drawing boards. The GAO report noted in particular that the F-135 engine is far below reliability targets and that, as a result, the overall availability of the F-35 continues to lag significantly behind expectations.    I know that, when we have had other aircraft, new aircraft, we have had some of the same problems, not to this extent, not in this size, but we do need to get past these issues. So given all of these challenges and the very large funding request for the F-35 that we are faced with, I think it is important in today's hearing.    And this is what I would like to hear about: Is the proposed increase in F-35 production numbers, which would rise from 38 in fiscal year 2015 to 57 in fiscal year 2016, justified, given where the program is in development? What would a reduction in the numbers of aircraft look in particular to this program?    Second, we need a detailed review of what happened with that engine fire last year. I have been asking for it. I haven't heard it yet. We know that the aircraft and the engine in question were relatively new, yet a failure still occurred. Is it a manufacturing defect? Is it a design flaw? I would like to hear about that.    Third, the sensor fusion aspect of the F-35 software is a little understood, but critical, issue that is still not working as planned. What degree of risk do we face with that portion of the software? And could problems in this area turn what is the current delay of about 3 to 6 months into years?    So I look forward to getting some of the answers to these questions, gentlemen. Thank you.    And, Mr. Chairman, thank you for indulging me with the time.