    Mr. George. I have a very brief opening statement, Mr. Chairman, and then I'm going to defer to Mr. Camus to provide more substance to the facts.    Mr. George. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee. At your request, we are here again to update you on the progress of our efforts to recover former IRS Exempt Organization Unit Director Lois Lerner's missing emails.    With me again is Tim Camus, TIGTA's Deputy Inspector General for Investigations. Tim has led this investigation, which was initiated on June 16, 2014. This was shortly after the IRS reported gaps in a production of Lois Lerner's emails, citing as the reason a crash of her computer's hard drive.    One week later, as was noted, then-Chairman Wyden and then-Ranking Member Hatch of the Senate Finance Committee requested that TIGTA investigate the matter, including us to, ``perform our own analysis of whether any data can be salvaged and produced.''    This morning's testimony will provide you with information about the extent of our investigative efforts as well as the evidence we have gathered to date.    At the outset, it is important to note that, even as we believe we have reached certain conclusions and determinations in our findings, this investigation is not yet concluded. Should anything of note be discovered, we will review it for its impact on the investigation, produce a supplemental report, and provide the new information, including emails, to all appropriate parties.    Overall, this investigation included interviewing over 118 witnesses, extensive document reviews, and the processing and analysis of over 20 terabytes of data. As a result of these efforts, we have determined the following:    TIGTA was successful in recovering over 1,000 emails that the IRS did not produce to Congress, the Department of Justice, or TIGTA's Office of Investigations. We have also determined that, prior to our investigation and our efforts to recover Ms. Lerner's missing emails, the IRS did not search for, review, or examine the backup tapes, server hard drives, or sources that ultimately produced new previously undisclosed emails.    Four hundred and twenty-two tapes that likely contained Ms. Lerner's emails from the years 2010 and 2011 were erased and most likely will never be recovered. These 422 tapes were magnetically erased around March 4, 2014. As was pointed out, this was 1 month after the IRS realized they were missing emails from Lois Lerner and about 8 months after this committee requested all documents and communications sent by, received by, or copied to Lois Lerner.    As was noted, our investigation did not uncover any evidence that the erasure of these 422 backup tapes was done to conceal information from Congress or law enforcement.    In addition, it is important to note that it is remotely possible that our continuing review of data from the initial set of 735 backup tapes could result in discovery of additional emails not previously provided to Congress by the IRS.    I will now turn to Mr. Camus, who will provide a detailed discussion on the findings of our investigation and the search for the missing emails.    Mr. George. Mr. Cummings, what we did is we attempted to keep Members of Congress with relevant jurisdiction over this matter informed at every stage. And I can assure you that at every opportunity where I participated I made a request--I admonished staff that this was preliminary information, and we requested that they not repeat this information publicly. And, unfortunately, that was done.    So, while we were in the process of refining, trying to keep Congress informed--because we've been criticized in the past for not keeping Congress informed, so we made an effort, at my direction, to do so. And it was during the process of keeping Congress informed. And, with every new discovery and every time my investigative staff was able to parse out, find duplicates, find things that were not necessarily responsive, the numbers changed.    Mr. George. Precisely. We made it quite clear that there were--at the outset that there was a good chance that many of these were duplicates, had already been turned over to Congress, and that it would take a process not just by us but also by the Internal Revenue Service to help determine what had already been turned over.    Mr. George. No, I do.    Mr. George. You may recall, sir, because you were ranking member when the previous chairman was here and read me----    Mr. George. --and read me the riot act because he said I wasn't complying with the 7-day-letter rule pursuant to the IG Act. And while we strongly disagree with his interpretation of that provision, this was a way to try to draw some compromise because we know of the intense interest of Congress in this subject, both by committees with direct authorization over the IRS as well as general oversight over the----    Mr. George. Most definitely.    Mr. George. Correct.    Mr. George. Yes, she is.    Mr. George. Well, first of all, I would like to point out that when I had the honor of serving as a staffer here--it was with Congressman Stephen Horn, the late Congressman from Long Beach, California, who admonished us--we never leaked information during the course of an investigation prior to a hearing. So I comported myself in that way. I made a request of staffers during the course of this investigation to do likewise. They did not do so. I can't control their behavior.    Secondly, this, it was a response to a request that we received. In all candor, this was a transmittal letter, Congressman. I hadn't seen this before. It was simply a transmittal letter from our counsel to the committee. So I would have the--I request the opportunity to review this and to respond precisely.    But thirdly----    Mr. George. I went to Harvard Law School, yes.    Mr. George. I agree.    Mr. George. Congressman----    Mr. George. That is our understanding.    Mr. George. I mean, I do, and I can give that to you.    Mr. George. Yeah. Well----    Mr. George. Well, because the request came to both of us----    Mr. George. --in a single document, so we wanted to respond in a single document, one; two, as pointed----    Mr. George. Well, the delay, sir, and I have to beg your indulgence, and I've expressed this with Chairman Chaffetz, my mother had a severe stroke and is in intensive care unit for now 2-1/2 months nearing death. And so yes, I've had to put aside some of my professional responsibilities while attending to her, my elderly mother, who is States away, and I have that primary responsibility, sir.    Mr. George. That is the----    Mr. George. That is the explanation. And my apology to the committee for the delay.    Mr. George. Well, there are certain parts of my life that I don't want communicated.    Mr. George. But, there were also reviews to make sure that Privacy Act and 6103 issues were addressed, so there were a combination of factors. But the primary one was my personal family situation.    Mr. George. I appreciate that, sir. Thank you.    Mr. George. Thank you.    Mr. George. At least since--well, it depends upon how you--oh, the investigation of the missing emails as opposed to the overall issue of the tax exempt organizations?    Mr. George. So it was, 2 years? Yeah, so since May of 2013, the exempt organizations and since roughly June of 2014 the exempt missing emails.    Mr. George. Well, I won't address the President's comments, Congressman. I will say that there's a drip, drip, drip here because with every new uncovery of information, whether it's from testimony or interviews to the finding of backup tapes, this extends the course of the investigation. And so that is why this has--it's still ongoing.    Mr. George. One.    Mr. George. No problem, sir.    Mr. George. There were.    Mr. George. Yes.    Mr. George. There were, sir.    Mr. George. Definitely.    Mr. George. Yes. And I'll ask Mr. Camus to further respond to that.    Mr. George. One would be enough, sir.    Mr. George. I agree 100 percent.    And I would beg your indulgence here, Congressman, because the staff of the Office of Investigations is doing just tremendous work almost around the clock, over weekends and over holidays, in order to address this matter, and to locate that potential one email or if there were more or if there aren't any, to make a final conclusion as it relates to this.    Mr. George. Thank you.    Mr. George. I was a signator to that----    Mr. George. Very rarely, especially, in all candor, under the current Commissioner. He's been extraordinarily cooperative. But I have to point out--and, again, and in all candor, the timing is blurred, given everything that occurred--it wasn't until once appearing before this very committee that the IRS turned over a training chart--and I'm not relating to the email investigations, the overall exempt organizations investigation. And at that time, reviewed, audit. So it was not an investigation, so they were not compelled to provide us that information, but they neglected to.    And so while it showed us--it showed that we may not have considered something that we were unaware of. They were not required to provide that information to us. And so that's a long-winded way of saying, in that instance they didn't share information with us that they knew existed, and so that is one of the reasons why I agreed to put my name to that letter.    Mr. George. I would just reiterate that he is aware of the general findings but no conclusions yet, and that will be forthcoming.    Mr. George. As long as 6103 permits it, we certainly will.    Mr. George. I think what Tim meant, willfully, that's the issue. We don't know whether it was a willful statement on the part and effect that Commissioner Koskinen knew exactly what they had or had not done. We don't know that unless you have contrary information.    Mr. George. I'm going to ask Tim to elaborate, but their investigation is ongoing, but----    Mr. George. And we have received no indication, sir, that--anything to the contrary.    Mr. George. Thank you very much, sir.    Mr. George. We made a commitment to the Senate Finance Committee to have it by the end of this month.    Mr. George. That is our commitment, and so unless there's a change because of additional interviews--and that's part of the problem, Mr. Chairman. There are subsequent, you know, interviews that will have to occur and additional work, and review of, again, emails.    So as I indicated in my opening statement today, as did Mr. Camus, you know, we might have to issue a supplemental report, depending upon what additional information comes out. But, again, the results of investigation--report of investigation we made a commitment to issue by the end of this--so, yes, next week.    Mr. George. Yes. We have a review underway looking at that very issue, sir, as to how other groups, progressives and the like, are being--were treated in the handling of their applications for tax-exempt status. Unfortunately, a lot of the information that would be needed to complete that review has--is being stymied or stalled until the review of the missing emails is done because there is a--there's a number of overlaps in terms of individuals. And, in addition, a lot of the key players involved in that process have since retired, or left the IRS in the wake of the initial report and review. So we are still committed to doing that. We have started preliminary work on it.    Mr. George. It will be a separate report. But, you know, we're not sure whether it will be an addendum to the original audit or whether it would be a stand-alone report because of some of the missing people under the Yellow Book standards. We might or might not be able to issue an actual audit that would be accepted by the general auditing community. So it might have to be an evaluation or an inspection. But the bottom line is we are going to look at that issue. We are going to determine how the IRS treated progressive groups and the like, and I'm using that term writ large.    Mr. George. Yeah. But I'm, sir, also being reminded that if the DOJ investigation is hindering our ability to talk to people. So our hands are tied, unfortunately, and----    Mr. George. Well, to keep into mind too that our initial review was how political advocacy groups were being treated.    Mr. George. And if--we have results from that, and the vast majority of groups that were adverse--that were, you know, had inappropriately--had inappropriate questions and the like delivered to them, were found to be groups that were leaning not to the left--you know, I'm trying to be very diplomatic as to how I word this for fear of, you know, one, I don't want to used the word ``targeting'' in this context----    Mr. George. --because it's too early to know exactly what was done. But as we know, the vast majority of the cases in the political advocacy area at the IRS was slowing down their application processes, asking what we believe were inappropriate questions and the like, were groups that were not deemed, at least on their face, progressive. They were more--more on the conservative----    Mr. George. I know that that's in this current testimony.    Mr. George. Yeah.    Mr. George. That's my understanding.    Mr. George. Not to my knowledge, no. But, again, keep in mind we did conclude shortly thereafter that that practice resumed. And so she didn't--you know, she may have requested that it cease, but her instructions were not followed.    Mr. George. Vaguely.