    Mr. Olson . The gentleman yields back.    As fate would have it, the chairman has to run off for a little opportunity, so 5 minutes for some questions.    And first of all, welcome. Good morning. Thanks for coming. Governor LePage, just when we talked earlier about Maine, and what I know about Maine is you have a lot of water, lots over very powerful water, because my brother surfs in York, Maine, every winter. Really cold, and apparently gets some tubing, some really big waves, much bigger than Galveston, Texas. So I want to learn more about your issue of hydropower. I understand you have done a study on hydropower recently. Can you talk about those findings and what are some of the benefits of hydropower challenges that this bill may fix?    Governor LePage. Well, right now in Maine we have a number of small dams throughout the state. So that you get the picture of Maine, Maine is 35,000 square miles, 90 percent is water and forest. So it gives you a sense that we have an awful lot of natural resources. And we are very proud of it and we take care of it, and one of the things that we do is we are very strong in tourism. We believe that we have the resources to be self-sufficient, and we could do it in a timely manner.    Now, I have heard some talk about liquid natural gas. When I was elected in 2010, there was a project for liquid natural gas to be in Maine, and what happened now it has been canceled. So the point is--what I am saying is, if we were able to energize a lot of these little dams that we have, we could generate 70 megawatts of power for the Maine people, and lower the costs that we are currently paying.    Mr. Olson. And how are we blocking that, sir? How is Washington, D.C., blocking your efforts to have those little smaller dams----    Governor LePage. Because every application has to go through FERC.    Mr. Olson. OK.    Governor LePage. Whether it is 2 megawatts, or 500 kilowatt hours, it has to go through. And earlier on in my career, of course, it is a long time ago, it took years to be able to get little dams, and now I hear that we don't even bother because it is just too costly.    Mr. Olson. And switching to pipelines, sir, some people think pipeline reform--we have the permitting process, is something just for big oil, those companies, and that is something they only have to worry about. My first question is simple on this issue. What do you worry about as the Governor of Maine with these pipeline issues not being approved as quickly as possible?    Governor LePage. Well, like I said, we lost two major employers. We lost one this past winter. And folks, let me tell you some reality here, 500 jobs in a paper company, and the premium on oil, the premium going from gas to oil in the winter months between November and May was $20 million. They closed their doors. And now it is being dismantled. That is why I am pleading for you to do something because we need those jobs.    Now, I spoke to the chairman of Airbus a couple of years ago and this is what he told me. Governor, what is the cost of your energy? I said, we are the cheapest in New England. He said, well, how do you compare with Alabama? He says, Alabama is 4 cents. Folks, at the time, we were 14 \1/2\. Now the region is up to 17. And he said, you may be a good governor but you are very naive on how much energy it takes to assemble a jet.    Mr. Olson. And we can fix that here in D.C. My questions, Ms. Miles, to you are, your testimony described how FERC acts on gas pipelines, but next panel, Mr. Santa, his testimony mentions that the GMO has analyzed the major pipelines, the approval process, they have found that FERC takes up to 2.5 years for a certificate. That averages 558 days. Of course, that does include all the delays from other agencies being involved in this process. Can you talk about some of these delays on this larger pipeline project, and how FERC is addressing these long, long, long delays?    Ms. Miles. I haven't looked, actually, at the details of how the numbers were calculated for the GAO report. I do think that there are some projects that are very long and complex and more controversial, and they may take slightly longer to both gather the information that is necessary to do a solid evaluation of the potential effects of the project. I remain though very convinced that the majority of projects go through fairly quickly. It is a quite efficient process, and I think most have been extremely successful.    Mr. Olson. Well, I encourage you to read the report, ma'am, because it says you average 558 days for approval process, 2.5 years. That is unacceptable.    I yield back, or yield to the gentleman who is up here.    Voice. Mr. Green.    Mr. Olson. Mr. Green from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes.