    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you.    Mr. Shelanski, as you know, one of the purposes of the Clean Water Act is to provide clean drinking water for the American public.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Clean drinking water seems like an unobectionable goal to me, but many of my Republican colleagues have launched an offensive against the Clean Water Act rule, seemingly driven by their agenda to cripple the EPA. According to Speaker Ryan, the Clean Water Act is, and I quote, ``another example of Washington bureaucrats sticking their nose where it doesn't belong,'' close quote. Former Presidential candidate Marco Rubio agrees. He called the Clean Water Act rule a, quote, ``power grab'' and a, quote, ``brazen overreach.'' He said this, and I quote: ``We need to end this massive mandate once and for all and put a cap on all regulations so that Washington bureaucrats can be held accountable for the costs they are trying to inflict on our economy.''    Were aware of these statements that have been made?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Opposition to the Clean Water Act rule has not been limited to extreme rhetoric. In November of last year, the Republican-controlled Senate voted on S.J. Resolution 22, a resolution that would nullify the rule.    Were you aware of this situation, this resolution?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Over the last three Congresses, the House has taken at least four votes directly related to the Clean Water Act rule. Now Republicans on this committee have turned to investigation in an effort to stop the rule. They have requested huge numbers of documents from EPA and the Army and your office, OIRA, and they want 9 years of material. All three agencies have provided a combined total of more than 40,000 pages of documents to this committee thus far.    Administrator Shelanski, is your agency cooperating with this committee?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Shelanski. Will you continue to provide responsive materials?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Shelanski.    During this committee's investigation into the Flint water crisis, Republicans harshly criticized the EPA for not stepping in earlier to save the people of Flint from Governor Snyder's ill-conceived emergency management system and his incompetence. Yet, in the context of the Clean Water Act rule, Republicans want EPA to take a backseat in the States. Representative Gosar said this, and I quote: ``That is why the House is acting this week by voting on the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, which will prevent this blatant Federal overreach. This bill scraps the WOTUS rule and puts States, local governments, and private water rights holders back in the driver's seat for managing our water.''    The hypocrisy of my Republican colleagues on the issue of clean water reveals their true motivation, and that is to destroy the EPA at any cost. It is sad that politics continues to trump the interests of the American people for something as basic as clean water, and it's a darn shame that you are being harassed by this committee for trying to do your job with the limited resources you have.    With that, I yield back.