    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, members of the committee.    It seems to me that we are engaged in a process here in which there is some precedent when we look at Detroit and we look at New York and we look at other examples over the years in which similar entities have found themselves in this situation for whatever reasons. So I would like to ask questions to Mr. Weiss and Mr. Miller as it relates to the timeline.    But it seems to me, before we get there, in terms of this process, this legislation we are trying to put together, there are three areas that are still being worked on: one is the jurisdiction of this oversight board; two, is the makeup of the board; and, three, is a host of miscellaneous items that have been mentioned, whether it be minimum wage, overtime, the ultimate impacts on the Island of Vieques, which I have been to there. And that is going to be, I believe, at some point in time, the subject of a negotiation, as this legislation already has become.    But let me go to the former mayor here, because you have your own experience and multiple hats that you have worn. Under the category of lessons learned, what would you suggest to us as this legislation is being formed, realizing that, at the end of the day, we are not going to all be satisfied with all of the aspects, but do you think it finds the sort of necessary compromise to get the job done on behalf of the people of Puerto Rico?    Mr. Costa. All right. I want to get to my other questions. But think more about that, and I think if you provided that in the form of a letter to the committee, that would be helpful. By your comments, I assume that the 14-year example in Argentina is not an option in terms of how we go forward.    Mr. Weiss, the legislation has changed. There are modifications that have been made. What additional changes would you like to see in either the jurisdiction of the oversight board or the makeup of the board, all these miscellaneous issues, and please be quick?    Mr. Costa. Well, there has to be. Without a bipartisan agreement, there is no agreement.    Mr. Costa. So, for the timelines for that purpose, how quickly do you think we need to get there on this bipartisan agreement?    Mr. Costa. We have passed one deadline on April 6. Isn't that correct? Then we have another deadline approaching on May 1, on the $2 billion payment. Then is July 1. So we have several deadlines that are looming.    Mr. Costa. OK.    And, Mr. Miller, do you care to confirm, aye or nay.    Mr. Costa. So are those the three buckets, roughly, that we have to find this consensus here sooner rather than later?    Mr. Costa. Clearly. And without a bipartisan agreement, we have no bill.    Mr. Costa. So it seems like we know where the challenges are as it relates to the jurisdiction, as it relates to the makeup. There are a host of miscellaneous issues that the Representative from Puerto Rico has outlined, and I think we have to come to an agreement sooner than later. We are not going to get everything we want.    Thank you. My time has expired.