    Ms. Plaskett. Yes, good morning and thank you, Mr. Chairman, ranking member.    Secretary Saldana, I thank you so much for the work that you and your agency are doing. I actually was at the Justice Department and working with Larry Thompson and then Jim Comey when your Homeland Security was created, and I think that it has come a far way in its mandate and the mission that it has.    I wanted to talk a little bit about this discretion that the chairman was taking you through in his questioning, and I want to focus on where that discretion comes from, the prosecutorial memorandum that was issued that was created, I believe, because you have not just the courts and the laws, but also limited resources in determining how you are going to detain the individuals that you have, and prioritizing those based on not only the law, but the resources, as you said, the finite resources that are available to your agency.    I did want to note in your testimony that you did say, however, that despite this there has been an 18 percent increase in the amount of individuals that have been deported over the very small period of time and that you are working in that area. So if you would focus your attention on the executive actions that you are taking based on that memo. It provides guidelines for prosecutors and specifically targets areas that we believe are the highest threat to the entire homeland, that being our national security, public safety, and border security.    Could you please explain how this memorandum is different, also, from past guidance that was regarding prosecutorial discretion?    Ms. Plaskett. So in the discussion that the chairman had about priority No. 1, it is the agency's belief that that is the highest impact to the United States by doing that.    Ms. Plaskett. So to further that discussion, when the chairman said priority one, that includes terrorism and espionage, aliens apprehended at the border while attempting unlawfully to enter, aliens convicted of an offense that are related to criminal street gang, felon in a convicting jurisdiction, and convicted of aggravated felony.    Priority two, which was alluded to, were misdemeanors, correct?    Ms. Plaskett. Well, I see that I have run out of my time, and I just want to once again thank you and thank the chairman and ranking member for allowing us to discuss this issue because, of course, the release of convicted felons and release of individuals is something that none of us want. But we do understand the limited resources that you are working with and the efforts that all of our law enforcement are making to continue to make our homeland safe.    Thank you, and I yield the balance.