    Dr. Woteki.--basic science that the private-sector is doing.    The Chairman. Okay. Ms. Fudge, 5 minutes. You are the ranking Democratic Member on the Committee today.    Ms. Adams. Adams. I think you said Fudge.    The Chairman. Oh, I am sorry. Ms. Adams.    Ms. Adams. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you all very much for being here.    My first question is to Dr. Ramaswamy. Is that the correct pronunciation? As many of you know, North Carolina A&T State University is my alma mater and an 1890 institution found in North Carolina and the 12th District that I represent. It is my understanding that NIFA is conducting an investigation into 1890 institutions not being able to offer the full level of matching funds needed to qualify for grants available through land-grant institution and research programs.    And I would appreciate it if you could share any comments regarding the 1890 institutions not submitting the sufficient matching funds for these programs, if you would do that.    Ms. Adams. Okay. Let me quickly ask another question--and thank you for your answer. What grant opportunities are forthcoming related to supporting small scale minority or women producers?    Ms. Adams. Yes, sir, I would appreciate that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am out of time.    The Chairman. Thank you. Ms. Adams. The gentlelady's time has expired. Mr. Crawford, 5 minutes.    Ms. Adams. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for being here to our panelists.    Rural Development administers the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program which--and this question will be to the Secretary--for local and regional food projects.    And a few weeks ago, staff from the B&I program participated in a call to discuss the program with my staff and the fundraising staff for a local food retail in my district, the Renaissance Community Co-Op. It has broad community support. It is an important opportunity for improving food access in one of the food deserts in East Greensboro, but unfortunately Renaissance cannot qualify for the B&I program because they are not borrowing from a USDA preferred lender such as a chartered bank or a credit union.    Instead they are borrowing from a Treasury Department Certified Community Development Financial Institution. They chose this route for financing the food co-op because the cost of borrowing is lower than through a traditional bank. And my question is, what is USDA's rationale for excluding CDFIs as a preferred lender from the B&I program?    Ms. Adams. Thank you. It seems that the B&I program is oriented toward rural areas with fewer lending options, and we have a concern about that.    But for food deserts in urban areas in the Twelfth District, the B&I program is one of the few funded programs that can improve food access, and we have a serious problem in the Twelfth District, particularly in the triad area in terms of food insecurity.    So I hope to work with USDA, going forward, to make sure that my district can better utilize this program, which is authorized to improve food access in both urban and rural communities; but it seems like we are kind of getting the short end of that stick, so we would be happy to talk to you further about it.    Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Yoho, for 5 minutes.