    Ms. Castor. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this important hearing, and welcome to our witnesses today.    The House Energy and Commerce Committee has been monitoring high-containment biolabs and the select agent program for nearly a decade and I believe that it is vital that we continue our oversight of these critical programs.    The committee held a hearing earlier this year about the importance of biodefense preparedness and we know that high-containment laboratories play a valuable role in that effort by conducting research, to improve our defenses against biological attacks and strengthening our response capabilities.    The Federal Government's work on identifying and containing public health risks from these type of biological agents is essential but it also poses many risks.    Everyone has been disturbed by the news of accidental releases or transfers of select agents such as anthrax, ebola and avian flu over the past few years. These incidents raise broader questions about the safety of our high-containment laboratories across the country.    And while I'm encouraged that no one has fallen ill as a result of those incidents, these pathogens need to be handled with the utmost safety and security. They could be extremely dangerous if they fell into the wrong hands or if infection spread to the general public.    The labs that handle these dangerous pathogens must be held to the highest standards. Yet, these recent incidents raise questions about whether or not we can trust high-containment labs to safely handle select agents and other dangerous pathogens.    I want to understand what these recent lapses can teach us about broader problems within the agencies and departments that handle select agents across the Federal Government as well within the private sector.    So we've asked the GAO to appear before us today to testify about their latest report on the need for up to date policies and stronger oversight mechanisms at our high-containment labs.    I look forward to hearing from you about your findings and recommendations and how they can be used to enhance safety and security at all of our nation's high-containment labs.    This GAO report underscores the need to strengthen our Federal oversight of labs that are working with dangerous pathogens. I also want to hear from witnesses about the role that Congress can play in making sure this program operates safely and without more of the operational lapses that seem all too common for such a serious program.    Is the current regulatory framework sufficient? Do the enforcement agencies have sufficient resources to ensure that oversight is robust? What are the agencies in front of us doing to improve their labs and prevent future incidents?    I look forward to hearing your testimony and I yield back.    Ms. Castor. After a number of the incidents involving anthrax and ebola and other dangerous pathogens it was very important for this committee to ask the GAO to produce a detailed over view and report because when it comes to working with these deadly pathogens there simply is no room for error and rigorous safety policies must be followed.    GAO looked at eight departments and 15 agencies to assess their high-containment lab policies and oversight. GAO's report concludes that the majority of policies were not comprehensive and some were out of date or nonexistent.    Mr. Neumann, could you walk us through this key finding and why having comprehensive and up to date policies is important?    Ms. Castor. OK. So let's get more specific. Your report concluded that the departments and agencies are using inspections as their primary activity to oversee the management of hazardous biological materials.    However, as you testified, some agencies do not routinely report the results of these inspections to senior officials. What issues are presented by this finding of incomplete information sharing?    Ms. Castor. During your oversight and interviews, were all of the agencies forthcoming? Did they provide the materials you requested? Was there any resistance to providing any information to GAO?    Ms. Castor. OK. General Lein, many think that in addition to all of these inspections and oversight and policies that one of the greatest risks we face is from theft or misuse of a deadly pathogen and we certainly had an incident of that at Fort Derrick in 2001.    Tell us, since 2001 what have you done to strengthen all of your oversight and your ability to root out potential theft or misuse of deadly pathogens.    MG Lein. Ma'am, thank you.    We've done several things in inventory management process with 100 percent review of what's in each one of the labs on an annual basis at the Research Institute of Infectious Disease.    Everybody that works in the lab has got to be vetted for security processes, coming to the lab and to work into the lab, and then recently we are completely redoing who it is and where it is that we ship all of our agents.    So we used to have the critical re-agent program which was the process whereby external labs would get the information from us or get the samples from us. It did not have full accountability of all the systems and there were often labs that were able to--because of a direct contract were able to send.    We have since shut that down, and after the moratorium was lifted everything will have to get requested through this new office with the requirement of a peer review before it even gets shipped out of ensuring that they need the highest level of toxin and why can't we substitute a lesser level of toxin that can never be moved into a BSAT program.    And so associated with that there will also be a use-by date like the carton of milk and that that specimen that we send out must be used by and then we must get a message back from the lab that we sent it to that it's either used or they destroyed it or they're returning the specimen back to us.    So we maintain full accountability of all of the specimens that we've got within our program.    Ms. Castor. I'd like to ask this--the CDC, Dr. Monroe, what policies and procedures are newly in place to prevent theft or misuse of deadly pathogen?    Ms. Castor. Thank you.