    Mr. Collins . Oh, without objection, but the bigger version will be fine as well.    Mr. Collins. Gentleman yields back.    And now, at this time, the Chair recognizes himself for his questions. And before I start I want to ask unanimous consent to--and put into the record Intellectual Property Guidelines for the 114th Congress. It's an open letter.    Hearing no objection, so ordered.    Mr. Collins. Ms. Pallante, you're back, and it's good to have you here.    Mr. Collins. Your staff and you, we have probably developed a very good relationship I feel like, and it's because I think of your frankness. I think it's because of your staff's willingness to be open about where you are in the situations that you're facing. I think also, just as a little bit for those who've been here for the hearing as well, I think the good part about it it is time for us to act. It is time for Congress to act. You have gave ideas and you have laid it out fairly well, and I do appreciate that. And we're going to talk about a little bit of that today in my time of questioning.    But one of things I want to go back to, it's been mentioned a lot, is the copyright in the music marketplace that we have spoke of before. Those guiding principles, as you know, and most everybody in this world and hopefully in this room know that I introduced the Songwriter Equity Act, along with my friend from New York as well, to make modest fundamental changes to section 114 and 115 of the Copyright Act, and I believe it comports with the principles of fair compensation that you talk about.    Do you agree that the Songwriter Equity Act is ripe for congressional consideration and passage?    Mr. Collins. Yes, you did.    Mr. Collins. Well, and can I just--because we've had this conversation. And I think sometimes that getting this whole thing--we've looked at this sort of ball of copyright, and I think one of the things is what is putt read out there? Where are we going with this so that the community, not just music, but publishers, everything--and writers all look at this. And so I am anxious to sort of see where we're going, and I appreciate your comments on that.    If we don't act, do you see a down side in the marketplace on these issues, especially from the songwriter and creator standpoint?    Mr. Collins. If we don't act, if Congress doesn't act, we continue to sort of move--do you--what kind of downside do you see from your position.    Mr. Collins. It is.    Mr. Collins. Okay. One of the things--and you've always been very blunt, and I appreciate that. And for anyone who would take your bluntness to be anything else, consider it--you know, I would just say to them, this Congress, and especially this Congressman, would take to grass the exception if anyone was to say anything about that. So I'm going to ask direct questions; we've talked about this. On administering, because, in your report, it's very broad, especially for music, and we're not even touched the other parts, and I believe that leads to something that I said in one of these hearings earlier, that I'm very concerned your department would have a trouble handling that given the current structure.    So if the Copyright Office was not located in the Library of Congress, you know, and did not act as a subdepartment under the authority of the Librarian of Congress, could you more effectively administer and sustain our national copyright system?    Mr. Collins. And, again, I don't think that's a fault of anyone. I think it's the development of the process. But you do report to the Librarian of Congress. Correct?    Mr. Collins. And really from a constitutional perspective, does that not at times lead to a conflict, inherent?    Mr. Collins. Well, and I think that is something that we will have because I am concerned about sometimes basically you getting contradictory directives from the Librarian's mission, and no offense to them. I think they have that perfect mission to do. They need to encourage--but when we talk about IT, we talk about all these other things, you are in a different situation. I want you to continue, you and your staff, to keep that fight going because you do have Members who are intensely interested in what's going on there because I believe it is the very underpinning of our foundation for the next generation of economic development and also the creators that have been around forever. So I do appreciate that.    With that, my time has expired, and I recognize the gentlelady from Texas, Ms. Jackson Lee.    Mr. Collins. At this point, we have a hard meeting coming up at 1 o'clock they're going to have to clear the room for. So at this point----    Mr. Collins. How about 15?    Mr. Collins. And the gentlelady----    Mr. Collins . Had a wonderful Georgia 15 seconds.    With that, the gentleman from New York is now recognized.    Mr. Collins. Thank you. Since the time is expired, that's wonderful.    Mr. Collins. I thank the gentleman from New York.    As we get ready I just want to--something that was brought up is your office has been since 1897. I think what's amazing is, is some of our creators, and especially in the music community are still dealing with laws that were created only 15 to 20 years after that. That seems to be ripe, if not overripe, for a change. But I also want to remind--you also represent a vast industry that is--that is growing and changing. I hold in my hand here something that I found over the weekend. And if you look through these, here is something that you've heard me mention before about why songwriters matter. These are handwritten songs and poems that were written from my wife's grandfather and her brothers.    Mr. Collins. They're somewhere in the neighborhood of 50 to 60 years old. They were written probably at a kitchen table or on the side of the road. But, for everyone who is here, and for the reason that operate your office and what you do every day, there's a book to be written, there's a song to be sung. There's these creative rights that I believe the Copyright Office is there to protect, not to inhibit but to promote creativity like's in this folder right here.    And, with that, that concludes today's hearing. Thanks to the witnesses for attending.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses and additional materials for the record.    With that, the hearing is adjourned.