    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to welcome you both. We appreciate that you are here. I will say I disagree with my colleague from California, as she talked about Tennessee. We saw that as stepping on states' rights, Mr. Chairman, and you know that you and I disagree on that. I am pleased that you all are here. I know you all saw the CTIA report last week, and I am sure you have read the op-ed in today's paper by each of your predecessors, Mr. Janikowski and Mr. McDowell. Getting spectrum to the marketplace is where we need to have our focus. And rather than getting off into all these tangential issues, your focus should be the core of your mission, which is dealing with spectrum deployment and usage. And when you look at the expected increase in the wireless arena, it draws more attention to this.    I was thinking, as I was preparing for this hearing, when you go back and look at the industrial revolutions that we have had in this country, looking at the agricultural and the industrial mechanization revolutions, when you look at technology, information, we are almost at a point of being able to say there is this wireless revolution that is going on, because business transactions, health care, so many things are going to depend on this spectrum, and we want to make certain that you are focused on this. So we welcome you. We know that we have to be diligent in this. We look at what South Korea is already talking about doing, South Korea, and Japan, and the 5G, and recapturing the momentum that at one point they had. And we don't want them to be the world leader. We want to be the world leader, and we have got to have you work with us on this.    At this time I yield the balance of my time to Mr. Latta.    Mrs. Blackburn. Yield back my time.    Mrs. Blackburn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. OK, Commissioner Wheeler, I want to thank you for your letter dealing with the spectrum auction in small businesses. We got it yesterday, and I may come back to you with a couple of more questions on that. You know my concern, and I appreciate your responses. All right. I think we can all agree that we are for a successful spectrum auction. Everybody agree for that?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. I am so happy we are all on the same page. Make your day, right? Let us talk about the steps. And, Commissioner, you were just laying out some of the steps you thought were necessary. Let us back it up a little bit. And I think when you look at the CTIA report that came out--I want to submit that for the record, if no one has put that into the record.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. I think that the prelude to a successful auction, and to the steps that you just articulated, is to know how much spectrum that you have. And we know Federal agencies are squatting on a lot of spectrum, and that they are not utilizing it. They are sitting on it just in case they think they might want to do something with it. And when you look at 13 years between the auction and the deployment, that is a lot of time. And you look at the increased usage that we are expecting, I think that it is dangerous to, first of all, not inventory and know exactly what you have got. So, Mr. Chairman, to you, have you inventoried the Federal agencies, and do you know how much spectrum they are squatting on, and what you can recoup?    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. I am so excited that we agree on something.    Mrs. Blackburn. This is a good day.    Mrs. Blackburn. Good.    Mrs. Blackburn. Good.    Mrs. Blackburn. Right.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK.    Mrs. Blackburn. OK. I don't want to run out of time. Now, if you know who has how much spectrum, have you put this into one report? Mr. Pai, Commissioner Pai, have you seen a report that says this is how much that is out there? Could you quantify a number----    Mrs. Blackburn. And how much they have?    Mrs. Blackburn. I think it would too, before we get too far down this road. What I would like to ask you to do is quantify this. And you and I know, all of us know, the way you can re-pack this, and tighten it up, you can better utilize the spectrum, but these Federal agencies--yes, I have got to tell you, we have just done an IG report on wasteful spending, and not following what the IG has asked them to do, looking at 4 years of these IG reports. If you don't force the issue, they are not going to take the action. And spectrum is a very valuable commodity right now, and we cannot allow Federal agencies, through laziness, or lack of creativity, or lack of innovation, to squat on this spectrum.    So, before we get too far afield with the 350 megahertz auction and further, I would like for you to come back to us and say, this is what each of these different departments has, and this is what their utilization is, and this is how we can pull that back and re-deploy this into the marketplace and auction it. Because if we need a Federal override for something, just like with the AM band, come back and do something like that, but don't let them squat on this spectrum.    Mr. Pai, before my time has run out. I will come back for the second round. Yield----