    Chief Biehl. Chairman Gowdy, Ranking Member Lofgren, and Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to provide testimony on this important issue.    I am Richard Biehl, the director and chief of police of Dayton, Ohio Police Department. I have had the honor of serving in this position since January 28th of 2008. Further, I have spent the last 35 years working to improve public safety in urban areas. Through that experience, I know that effective public safety, even when grounded in evidence-based best practices, is crucially dependent upon community engagement and support.    First, I would like to express my condolences to the Steinle family for their loss and to Sheriff Jones for the loss of his officer last year. Sadly, I attended the funeral of Cincinnati Police Officer Sonny Kim less than a month ago killed in the line of duty. He was my 9th in my career.    I happened to read a Proverb a couple of days ago, and I think it is quite appropriate to the conversation today. ``Our passions are the winds that propel our vessel. Our reason is the pilot that steers her. Without winds, the vessel would not move; without a pilot she would be lost.''    I know we are here to discuss the topic of sanctuary cities and the role in public safety. As we have the conversation about sanctuary cities, the specifics of how we define them are important, and as we think about how to best protect the residents and keep our communities safe, it is crucial that we do not undermine proven community policing practices.    First, I would like to explain Dayton's policy regarding cooperation with Federal immigration enforcement efforts. Our policy states that the Dayton Police Department shall not stop, investigate, or arrest a person solely because of their real or perceived immigration status. Investigation of a person's immigration status must be done only for the most serious offenders. This approach has served the Dayton community well. During the time these policies have been in place, Dayton has experienced significant reductions in crime. This is an important point I want to convey to you all.    As chief of police, my primary concern is with the safety all residents, and in Dayton we have seen a reduction in crime in our city. Our immigration law enforcement approach allows us to focus on true threats to public safety while ensuring that our immigrant communities maintain necessary trust to report criminal incidents to our Department.    I am concerned that proposed legislation, such as H.R. 3009, would coerce local law enforcement departments to make decisions that undermine our ability to keep our community safe. The Dayton Police Department, like many agencies throughout the State of Ohio, is facing critical staffing shortages that are already creating potential challenges for fulfilling its public safety responsibilities. Making local police departments fulfill immigrant enforcement responsibilities will only make it even more challenging.    I have seen the positive effects of community policing in my city. Dayton as a population is only 4 percent foreign born. Given its demographics, it may appear an unlikely place for a national immigration policy to be of much concern, much less an issue impacting local policing. But in my time as police chief, I have repeatedly witnessed how significant the issue is to our community.    Within a month of beginning my service as Dayton Police Chief, I was approached by multiple community advocates who expressed concerns that the Latino community members were being racially profiled. Allegations like this are deeply troubling to me. Our cities are safer when there is a sense of trust with our communities, including our immigrant communities. If families view law enforcement as a threat, or are fearful of dropping off their kids off at school, or walking around their neighborhood, no one benefits.    As I stated earlier, Dayton has seen a reduction in crime, not an increase, as a result of our community policing policies, such as investigating persons of immigration status only for the most serious offenses. I might add that we have bene recognized Statewide, nationally, and internationally for excellence in problem-only policing and community-oriented policing.    While immigration enforcement is a Federal responsibility, collaboration between State and local law enforcement and Federal immigration enforcement official can and should exist; but policies need to be clearly tailored to ensure community policing is not undermined. I agree we should deport serious violent offenders. No one wants violent crime in their community, because once we get beyond violent offenders that some localities and municipalities disagree over collaboration with Federal immigration enforcement officials.    I support the new Priority Enforcement Program initiative as the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has described it. PEP allows local jurisdictions to work with ICE to implement priorities concerning crimes that most negatively impact public safety in their communities.    I believe local law enforcement should comply with notifications as well as detainers as long as the detainers do not require jurisdictions to exceed their legal authority to hold persons beyond their current sentence and local charges. Requiring local law enforcement to hold persons for additional time must be supported by a legal basis; otherwise, it would ask local law enforcement to violate the U.S. Constitution, something none of us wants.    Before Congress tries to impose a legislative solution, I believe it should first allow PEP to be implemented. What everybody wants is a safe community. That is what I want, and that is what community members care about. We should not punish localities who are trying to promote trust in their communities. Collaboration with Federal immigration officials should exist for those serious and violent of criminals. That collaboration needs to be carefully tailored to address the priorities of local communities while ensuring community policing is not undermined, such as through the PEP Program.    A long-term solution requires Congress to come up with a fix for a broken immigration system and clarify immigration enforcement responsibilities. Until that time, local community leaders will continue to implement practical solutions to promote public safety in our communities.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today. I am happy to answer any questions that you may have.    Chief Biehl. That is a fact.    Chief Biehl. They were not substantiated through investigation. I will say that in terms of arrest data, there was clearly a surge of arrests of Hispanics and Latinos that occurred 1 year prior to my arrival that was substantial. So whether the actual basis of those allegations----    Chief Biehl. That is my understanding.    Chief Biehl. Yes, a number of them were--I am sorry.    Chief Biehl. No, not because of racial profiling. A number were dismissed, though.    Chief Biehl. No.    Chief Biehl. Actually we do work with Federal immigration authorities. In fact, we have partnerships with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, United States Marshals Fugitive Task Force, Department of Homeland Security, including individuals who have homeland security investigation credentials, even the Trafficking and Steering Committee, and also the United States Secret Service. So we have partnerships across Federal law enforcement agencies.    Chief Biehl. Absolutely. That is why we do it.    Chief Biehl. Actually they are complied with in my county.    Chief Biehl. Absolutely.    Chief Biehl. Thank you for that question, Congressman. My understanding for individuals to be credentialed on a 287 requires 3 weeks of training. That is a substantial commitment of training time for police officers for a very specific area of enforcement. I cannot think of any agencies that could spend that amount of time with personnel and training.    There are training requirements now being proposed through the State of Ohio. There have been a number of tasks forces established--the 21st Century Task Force on Policing, the Presidential Task Force--that are once again emphasizing the need for additional training for law enforcement. I can tell you training time is at an absolute premium specifically as it relates to critical staffing levels. So how do we spend time training police officers?    And just from talking from individuals who are in this area of law, the law is constantly changing, so 3 weeks of training is only valuable as long as the laws do not change.    Chief Biehl. Thank you, Congresswoman. In fact, they are a direct outgrowth of not only innovative policing strategies, but also community partnerships. Our community working with us to address crime and particularly serious violent crime has been crucial in reducing crime in Dayton as crime trends have continued through my tenure as police chief.    Chief Biehl. I am not aware of any objection from my community with that program at all. None have been expressed to me. I have been involved in the Committee conversations, the task force conversations for the development of some of the mechanisms and notification and also for, you know, basically be involved in the roll out. I mean, it is just literally being rolled out as we speak.    I just met with our local field office director last week, who actually gave me a packet describing the program and its implementation. So this is literally just being implemented.    Chief Biehl. Correct.    Chief Biehl. Not at all.    Chief Biehl. I am sorry, Congresswoman. I cannot quite hear your question.    Chief Biehl. I am not aware actually what the exact definition for ``sanctuary cities.'' I think the terminology is used as if it is understood what it actually means. Not being a sanctuary community, I cannot really speak to the intent of those who have passed laws and/or other policies to, in fact, be a sanctuary city.    Chief Biehl. I am sorry.    Chief Biehl. I cannot think of anyone in professional law enforcement that that would ever be their intent in adopting any policy that may be considered a sanctuary city.    Chief Biehl. Absolutely.    Chief Biehl. That is correct. We actually are on the DEA task force.    Chief Biehl. That is correct.    Chief Biehl. We are a member of the FBI/JTTF, Joint Terrorism Task Force.    Chief Biehl. For the victim, absolutely not. In fact, what we do is try to work with victims to have an advocate work with them and see if they are eligible for a U visa application. So that is one of the community partnerships we have. If the person is a suspect, it would really depend on the circumstances if the insistence of the immigration would be helpful in our investigation. Did it bring something additional to the table that will help us in this case or not? We have the authority to act on that case and take that person into custody. When they get to jail, they will be screened through     Chief Biehl. Correct. Correct.    Chief Biehl. I think it raises the issue of where we spend our enforcement resources always. How do we prioritize what we do? In fact, that is what every police chief and every sheriff across this country does. That is what the Federal administration is attempting to do. I would believe as it relates to immigration and enforcement policy to try to do everything, we do nothing well. So we focus and are very strategic in how we deploy resources. That is how we are effective.    Chief Biehl. I think I have already testified to the effect that the notification should have been made. In fact, I think we need to move just a little back upstream that the Federal Government had the capability to act on that deportation without ever involving San Francisco authorities. And I have not heard that comment much today. The authority existed. The capability and ability to take action existed, and somehow that is not being recognized I think.    Chief Biehl. I think we just see this differently. Mine is based on my actual experience with my city, so I yield to my experience.    Chief Biehl. And I would have expected that. Quite honestly in my experience, I would be shocked if that case would have gone forward.    Chief Biehl. Absolutely.    Chief Biehl. That is correct.    Chief Biehl. That is a fact.    Chief Biehl. Mr. Chairman, I just would suggest that the Federal Government, ICE, certainly should have an idea based on their database, which is not shared with local law enforcement, of who those individuals are and who poses significant risk. And they have the ability to take action, and if they need the assistance of local law enforcement, they certainly can request that.    Chief Biehl. They have the ability to take proactive action just like any police officer does.