    Ms. DelBene. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director Comey, for being with us and for all of your time.    I've worked my career in technology on email and mobile communications and constantly heard from customers, both consumers and businesses and even the government, to make sure that information was protected and that devices were secure. And in your testimony, you state that you're simply asking to ensure that you can continue to obtain electronic information and evidence, and you seem to be asking technology companies to freeze in place or revert back to systems that might have been easier to access, but don't you think in general that that's much--an oversimplification of this issue, because we all know that bad actors want to exploit vulnerabilities to break in to any number of things, from a phone, a personal device, to our power grid? These things aren't static. They're changing constantly, and they're getting smarter every day. The bad actors are getting smarter every day, and we need to be smarter every day in terms of protecting information.    So, in that type of environment, how would you expect the technology company not to continue to evolve their security measures to keep up with new threats that we see?    Ms. DelBene. But we know more and more, in fact, we're seeing--we're talking about phones today, but we are talking about the growth in the Internet of things of more and more personal devices where security will be even more critical, and so it's hard to say--you're talking about a world where it's confined to the way the world works today. I think that absolutely is not the situation that we're facing. We're seeing evolution every day, and these are devices that are connected to networks, and information is flowing, and that information might be someone's financial information or personal information that if it is exploited would create a security issue itself.    Ms. DelBene. So don't you believe that encryption has an important role to play in protecting security?    Ms. DelBene. So, now, when we've talked about what role Congress plays versus what role the courts would play, and you've kind of talked about both in different scenarios. You've talked about privacy versus security and that Congress should play a role there but that the courts should decide whether or not there's a security breach if there's a piece of technology that breaks into a device and whether or not there's a concern that that will be widely available. Yet the tension isn't really between just privacy and security. It's between security and security and protecting people's information. So how do you--where do you think Congress plays a role versus the courts when you've talked about both of them in your testimony today?    Ms. DelBene. This isn't just an issue of U.S. companies alone, because clearly there's access to technology that could be developed in other countries that we'll not have access to and that's widely available today and people can use. But, also, then it is important, we have laws that are centuries and decades old that have not kept up with the way the world works today, and so it is very important that Congress plays a role, because if courts are going to be interpreting those laws and those laws were written with no awareness of what's happening today, then Congress needs to play a role of making sure we have laws that are up-to-date and setting that standard so that courts can then follow.    Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chair.    Ms. DelBene. Thank you for being here and enduring this for a while. It's very, very important.    In the earlier part of the hearing, Director Comey said that it is not a company's job to worry about public safety, and I think that that is--would be very concerning for a company to send that message, given that we have technologies that impact people's everyday lives in so many ways. And I assume you agree with that, Mr. Sewell.    Ms. DelBene. In the Brooklyn case decided yesterday, Judge Orenstein stated, in his opinion, that the world of the Internet of things, all of the connected devices and sensors that we see coming forward, the government's arguments would lead quickly to a world of virtually limitless surveillance and intrusions on personal privacy.    So I'd like to explore the issue of encryption and securing the Internet of things a little bit. We often talk about security by design when it comes to the Internet of things. And I'm sure we can all imagine the horror stories of insecure Internet of things, types of devices, like appliances being hacked that could cause a fire, or spying through baby monitors, hacking into a car, or tampering with a home security system.    So I'm wondering--Dr. Landau, I'm wondering if you could comment on what this means in the encryption context and whether directives we've heard from the FTC, for example, to adopt security by design in the interests of protecting consumers from malicious actors is inherently incompatible with what you might call insecurity by design should that be mandated by the courts.    Ms. DelBene. And, Mr. Sewell, could companies open themselves up to liability if vulnerabilities through law enforcement end up being exploited by a bad actor?    Ms. DelBene. And, Ms. Landau, you talked about the issue of security versus security, and that this really is a debate about security versus security. Could you explain a little bit more why? And are national security and cybersecurity incompatible, in your opinion?    Ms. DelBene. Thank you. My time's expired. I yield back, Mr. Chair.