    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here today.    Mr. Heck. You know, I think we have heard from everybody on the panel that no one would disagree of the importance of making sure that it is the best interest of the client who is seeking investment advice that comes first, just like the patient seeing their doctor or the client seeing their attorney.    And again, it comes down to what my colleague just said about the implementation that seems to be under discussion and making sure that the actions of a few don't impact the practices of the many who are doing a good job and providing advice and education to their clients.    You know, I appreciated the anecdote you told about that couple that had problems with their investments. And you know, I have a constituent, Janice who called her insurance agent to see if he could help her with her recently deceased husband's 401(k) plan.    They were retired, lived off of his pension as well as Social Security. From time to time, they take some money out of the 401(k) to supplement their income.    Once her husband passed away, she became a beneficiary of a decedant 401(k). So then when Janice tried to get some much-needed money from a plan, she was informed from the company that she was not eligible to withdraw the funds anymore because she was the beneficiary and that she needed some help in understanding what her options were.    So she called her agent. They discussed her needs, went over some of her options. She could take the funds out and pay taxes, continue to invest the dollars using a rollover, discuss the types of risks she was willing to take in the time frame they were working with to help her meet her needs.    Ultimately, she was able to make a decision, rolled over approximately $21,000.    There are many people like Janice who perhaps would not be able to find the information and knowledge to take care of these or many types of 401(k) rollovers or transactions that are in their best interest under the proposed rule.    So if you could tell me, how does the rule actually protect the interests of individuals in this type of a situation?    Mr. Heck. And I would say that this situation, this is the insurance agent that they have used their entire lives, that they did have trust in, and that this insurance agent did look out for--    Mr. Heck. You quoted, you know, Mr. Bogle of Vanguard saying that, you know, they would basically look for a simple rule where clients come first. However, it doesn't appear that this rule is that simple.    So there are concerns amongst those individuals, like this insurance agent, that the proposed rule would actually limit their ability for providing these services to their long-term clients, because before they enter into this discussion they are going to have to have a contract signed, they are going to have to have all this disclosure and disclose any potential fees that might be upfront.    I mean, it is the same thing if somebody was coming into my office that I had a long relationship with and all of a sudden I had to ask them to sign a disclaimer form and all these forms about potential fees and what not. Why would I continue to use that individual as my adviser?    Mr. Heck. I think we have a few seconds left. You said several times that commissions aren't banned under the rule.    Mr. Heck. But what are the restrictions, obstacles or impediments to people providing products based on commission under the rule, if any?    Mr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.