    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the panel's time for being able to be here as we listen to our colleagues' comments from the other side of the aisle. They want to be able to interpret that Dodd-Frank has helped bring the economy back.    I think it is worthy to note that we have the lowest labor participation rate in 4 decades. For the first time, I think you have mentioned this, the Brookings Institution report coming out saying we have more small businesses shutting down than there are new business startups in this country. We are suffering under two trillion dollars worth of regulatory costs which is driving up cost, if you care about people who are on fixed incomes, young families who are trying to be able to get a start, increasing their cost by inhibiting their ability to have access to capital.    We have talked about Dodd-Frank today and too-big-to-fail. Unfortunately, it has become apparent both anecdotally and empirically that the legislation has failed to be able to live up to its goals. Banks in my district and across the country have told me time and again that the compliance costs brought on by one-size-fits-all regulatory schemes made it impossible for them to be able to lend to creditworthy Main Street businesses.    Instead of working with the community, small banks and credit unions are working to comply with rules and regulations that were intended to curb Wall Street banks. Delta Bank in Delta, Colorado, told me that they don't know how much longer they are going to do it because they feel that they are no longer working as a bank, they are working for the Federal Government and for regulators.    Large banks do have the economy of scale to be able to deal with additional compliance costs but smaller banks simply cannot compete. Instead of promoting healthy growth in the financial system, the rate of decline in community banks' market share has doubled since Dodd-Frank was enacted. For this reason, I introduced the Taylor Act of 2015, legislation that directs Federal regulators to consider the risk profile and business model of an institution promulgating regulations.    Regulations will be tailored in order to be able to limit compliance costs when the regulation is considered not necessary or appropriate for the institution. This piece of legislation which has the support of over 55 State banking and credit union associations is a crucial step toward limiting the regulatory burden for those banks and credit unions that are struggling to be able to operate in our Main Street communities because of the burdens placed on them by Dodd-Frank.    Mr. Zywicki, you had commented several times during your testimony about the destruction of the relationship between community banks and the customers that they were designed to serve. Can community banks survive in this new regulatory framework if they can no longer rely on that traditional banking relationship?    Mr. Tipton. You just spoke to two things that are near and dear to my heart. I represent a rural district in Colorado, agricultural interests and small businesses. Are we inherently seeing, because of Dodd-Frank, small businesses, small banks literally now being almost forced into a position where they are going to have to be able to merge, be bought up by a larger institution and that the impacts that is obviously going to have in terms of that relationship?    Mr. Tipton. And so we are just codifying too-big-to-fail as we continue to pursue an overzealous regulatory regime that is impacting us at the local level.    I think it is important. Oftentimes, we talk about the rules, regulations, the laws that are passed, but what you are speaking to is something that I believe we need to be focusing on. These are the people at home. The Hopscotch Bakery in Pueblo, Colorado, is a very small bakery. The owner came to me and she said that the big issue for her was access to capital with a local community bank who wanted to be able to make the loan, but regulatorily was not going to be able to make that loan. Do we need to focus more on the outcome of the law and how it is impacting Americans?    Mr. Tipton. Thank you.