    Mr. Ronningen. Good morning. I am Einar Ronningen, manager of the Rancho Seco Nuclear Facilities for the Sacramento Municipal Utility District, known as SMUD. And I am here today on behalf of the Decommissioning Plant Coalition.    The DPC is comprised of companies whose sites have ceased all commercial nuclear-generating operations. Our members own 10 facilities in the States of California, Connecticut, Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Vermont, and Wisconsin. We appreciate this opportunity to provide our perspective on the status of U.S. Nuclear waste management policy.    SMUD's Rancho Seco nuclear-generating station ceased commercial operation in 1989, but there remains an 11-acre independent spent fuel storage installation containing 22 dual-purpose cannisters licensed for the dry storage and transportation of used nuclear fuel and greater than Class C waste ultimately destined for disposal by the DOE. As is the case with other utilities, SMUD has successfully litigated a partial breach of contract claim against the DOE to recover the costs incurred in our management of this material. To date, SMUD has won judgments in the U.S. Court of Claims totalling $73 million. These damage awards have been paid by taxpayers out of a permanent appropriations account in the Treasury called the Judgment Fund. Industry-wide taxpayer liabilities for the government's failure to perform under the contracts in a timely manner are approaching $4.5 billion, and DOE estimates that its liability will reach almost $13 billion by 2020, increasing annually by $500 million per year if it does not find a way to begin satisfying its obligation by 2022.    From the outset, the DPC has been supportive of Yucca Mountain, and in the early years of our organization, we worked with Congress in urging DOE to prepare a sound license application, address the transportation infrastructure requirements, and otherwise take steps to prepare for the movement of this material from our sites on a priority basis.    Nonetheless and without repeating the oft-reported historical details, Mr. Chairman, let me just state the obvious. Although the spent fuel at all our utility sites is and will be safely managed for as long as it takes, right now U.S. nuclear waste management policy is broken.    The DPC sincerely appreciates the efforts you have made, Mr. Chairman, to reinvigorate the debate over the future of Yucca Mountain, and we were heartened by the finding of the NRC staff in their Safety Evaluation Report that the application demonstrates the ability of the site to meet all post-closure requirements of that agency. But we note that the staff also found that it could not yet recommend the issuance of a construction authorization due to several findings, including the lack of institutional control of the site and access to water rights necessary for the construction and operation of the facility, issues that will require the enactment of further legislation. The need for further legislation, the continued opposition by significant leaders in the State of Nevada, the dismantlement of the Office of Civilian Radioactive Waste Management at DOE, the technical licensing challenges filed by opponents of the project, and the track record of DOE in completing one-of-a-kind facilities on time and within budgets, combined with the level of financial resources that need to be appropriated by Congress in a constrained fiscal environment to license, construct, and operate the proposed repository, lead us to the uneasy conclusion that the uncertainties of when Yucca Mountain would be open are not likely to be overcome in timeframes that meet the equity interests of our host communities. It is because of our members' commitments to our host communities to resolve the current stalemate in U.S. nuclear waste policy as expeditiously as possible that we urge this committee to support the legislation that would not only take steps to get the Nation's geologic repository program back on track but also authorize the establishment of an voluntary incentive-based siting program that would lead to the licensing of a consolidated interim storage facility and to initiate a pilot program to remove the material from our sites on a priority basis.    We are pleased that two potential storage projects have been announced by capable private sector companies in the past four months. These could offer DOE the means to meets its contractual obligations.    Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee, a pilot storage program that prioritizes the removal of material from permanently shutdown sites that is responsive to private sector initiatives, can be accomplished with reasonable support from the Nuclear Waste Fund without any impact on the repository program. The pilot would demonstrate the ability of the Federal Government to plan and execute their responsibilities for waste acceptance and transportation under the standard contract, relieve the taxpayer of the obligation to continue paying Judgment Fund damages, and allow these sites to be repurposed for useful purposes.    We applaud your steadfast interest in a vibrant repository program, and we urge you to look favorably on the passage of legislation establishing a consolidated interim storage program that takes advantage of these new opportunities to remove used fuel and greater than Class C waste from those facilities where commercial reactor operations have permanently ceased.    Thank you for the opportunity, and we look forward to questions you may have.    Mr. Ronningen. Yes.    Mr. Ronningen. Yes, sir. The Lee Eddy Group in New Mexico has approached the industry to develop centralized interim storage. And the WCS, Waste Control Specialists, in Texas has also come forward to announce that they wish to develop centralized interim storage.    Mr. Ronningen. Right. They would be consolidated interim storage, not repositories.    Mr. Ronningen. They are already working on that.    In the case of Waste Control Specialists, a couple years ago they were successful in garnering local support for a low-level waste facility. And they wish to expand that to consolidate interim storage. And, again, the Lee Eddy Group has been working with local community members to get that approval from their constituents.