    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, I have very much enjoyed and appreciated your testimony today. As a former terrorism prosecutor and as a former United States attorney, I have had the good fortune to work with each of your agencies before on a number of occasions, and I very much look forward to the opportunity to do so again as a Member of this committee.    Mr. Steinbach, I would like to start with you. Your boss, director of the FBI Jim Comey recently expressed concern about technology companies using encryption methods on mobile devices, specifically in response to an Apple representative's statement that it would no longer be possible to unlock encrypted iPhones and iPads. Director Comey drew an analogy to child kidnappers, and he said, ``The notion that someone would market a closet that could never been opened, even if it involves a case involving a child kidnapper and a court order, to me, that does not make any sense.''    As a former terrorism prosecutor, I share Director Comey's concern and can certainly see how the inability to access encrypted devices would hamper terrorism investigations. So my question is: What is the FBI's plan to deal with this? Have you engaged the technology industry to address these concerns?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thanks very much. I am going to throw this question out to anyone on the panel that wants to take it. There are numerous reports out there that Ask.fm is one of the common recruitment channels through which a number of American foreign fighters have formed close relations with ISIS recruiters. We talked today about the teenage girls from Denver. Since Ask.fm is operating out of Latvia, I would like to know whether there has been any interaction between the State Department and/or law enforcement with the Latvian government regarding this?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Last question. I apologize if this has been covered earlier. I have been in and out of other hearings today. But when ISIS-specific material is posted on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, YouTube, what are the existing lines of communication between law enforcement and those entities to either provide notice or to facilitate the removal of that material?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. My time is expired. Again, I appreciate all of you being here.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.