    Mr. Royce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, it is good to see you.    Mr. Royce. It is good to see Castros in both of my committees today.    But as it relates to housing finance reform, the President's budget, recently released, had these words. It said, ``The Administration will continue to work with Congress to pass comprehensive reform centered on several core principles.'' And then it goes to the first among those principles, and it says we need to ``require more private capital in the system.''    I would ask you, Mr. Secretary, do you agree with that concept?    Mr. Royce. Okay.    So if we then go to the January announcement by the FHA that it would lower the annual premiums charged to borrowers by 50 basis points, wouldn't that run counter to the principle of getting more private capital back into the system?    Mr. Royce. I know you will have an opportunity to come back and testify on the budget. I think that is later this month, isn't it, or next month? But--    Mr. Royce. Next month. But it just seems to me, at the end of the day, Mr. Secretary, that if--and I would just ask you this question. Do you believe the move to cut premiums by 40 percent will increase or decrease the amount of private capital in the system? I understand your explanation, but logically, what will be the consequence of that?    Mr. Royce. Economically, there is a consequence. And increasing the already outsized or oversized role that the government has in this and in housing finance, the FHA appears, in this case, to be attempting to restore its own solvency here by growing out of the problems. And, thus, you compete in a system like that with the GSEs. You end up competing, and the private sector, logically, is crowded out, as your market share grows and grows and grows.    If we hadn't been down this road before and had we not been debating this in 2005 and 2006 and 2007, I wouldn't be as concerned about it. But I watched the consequences of this. And as we talk about pricing risk, I watched the consequence of not being able to price risk adequately.    And, clearly, the President is right when he says, if we get more private capital into the system, that is going to provide more stability, that is going to make it easier to properly appropriately price risk.    But to the extent that you have government-sponsored enterprises that can short-circuit the supply and demand on this and arbitrarily take risks, especially when they are undercapitalized, the long-term consequence is that the private sector is crowded out, and the taxpayer is left holding the bag.    And that is my concern at the end of the day and why I wish that you would look more towards the stability and getting the reserves up so that when we hit headwinds again financially or hit troubled waters, you can stay afloat, rather than what happened last time.    Mr. Royce. I know, but I see where the premium cut directly affects the ability to reach that 2 percent, pushes it off into the far-distant future. And so that is why we are raising the point. It just logically is not taking us where the words put out by the White House in the budget statement--it doesn't comport.    But thank you, Mr. Chairman.