    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    I would like for you to continue your comments.    Mr. Johnson. So what we are really talking about is the ICANN Government Advisory Committee enforcing the rules that the stakeholders have agreed to in the 4-year process that it took to come up with this applicant guidebook, and you just want enforcement of the rules.    Mr. Johnson. And, Mr. Misener, you complain of Amazon's adherence to the rules in applying for a gTLD which incorporated your very name that you have a trademark on. Though it may denote some geographic area, that geographic area or that geographic name was not among the names that were set forth in the applicant guide book which were to be prohibited from being assigned. So you applied for .AMAZON, and the countries of Brazil and Peru, through which the Amazon River runs, objected. I don't know what the basis of their objection was, but apparently your view would be that there was no basis in the rules to object based on geography. So you engaged in negotiations with those two governments and nothing happened, and so when it went to a decision the ICANN Government Advisory Committee recommended disapproval or denied your approval. Your contention is that there is no basis in the rules for that denial. What is your remedy?    Mr. Johnson. Well, outside of the NTIA adherence to its guide book, how can you enforce, or is there some kind of independent review? Because if you are going to have some accountability and some reliability and transparency and a rule of law, which is what the guidebook represents, a rule of law, there can be disputes about the meaning and intent of the rules, and so you would have to have some body to make a fair and impartial decision based on the clear language of the guidebook. What remedy exists to enable Amazon to have a day in court, if you would?    Mr. Johnson. Let me stop you right there and ask Mr. Woodcock, why did the U.S. abstain from weighing in on the decision as to Amazon's registration of that name?    Mr. Johnson. Excuse me. Does anybody know why? Can anybody say why? Was it a procedural advantage that the U.S. would retain from abstaining? Anybody know?    Yes, Mr. Zuck.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Johnson. If I might just ask one question.    Mr. Johnson. Is it a fact that the name .AMAZON is still available to a different registrant?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.