    Mr. Rodriguez. Thank you, Chairman Young.    Mr. Rodriguez. Thank you, Chairman Young, members of the subcommittee. My name is Cesar Miranda, I am the Secretary of Justice of Puerto Rico. I am appearing today representing the Governor of Puerto Rico. I am not representing the Popular Democratic Party, but the Governor in his executive capacity.    We have been invited to discuss an issue over which there is no consensus in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico's political status is a divisive matter, both in Puerto Rico and in this Congress. I recognize the importance of this historical debate. However, given today's fiscal and economic crisis in Puerto Rico, I prefer to direct my testimony to address other matters of urgent importance to our island.    The fiscal and economic situation in Puerto Rico has reached a tipping point. We are in a state of fiscal emergency, as we have no access to the capital markets, and our public institutions face a liquidity crisis. The situation is truly dire. Puerto Rico has been experiencing an unemployment crisis. Unemployment remains twice that of the mainland, and the loss of employment opportunity has cost an increasing number of residents to move to the mainland. Nearly half of all residents in Puerto Rico qualify for low-income health insurance subsidies, and the average personal income per capita was only $17,000 in Fiscal Year 2013.    Puerto Rico's unprecedented economic difficulties have contributed to rising budget deficits that have turned into large debts. Puerto Rico owes approximately $73 million in debt, and it has no ability to refinance it.    I believe that there are certain issues that this Congress can explore to address Puerto Rico's fiscal crisis and put Puerto Rico on a path of long-term fiscal sustainability.    First, the Congress can approve H.R. 870, which was introduced by Resident Commissioner Pierluisi earlier this year. H.R. 870 would amend the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and extend Chapter 9 to Puerto Rico. Extending Chapter 9 would provide significant benefits to all involved. Chapter 9 would provide a process that is understood by creditors, prospective lenders, and suppliers. It would facilitate market access by offering debtor-in-possession financing. There is no good reason to deny Puerto Rico Chapter 9, in what has been proven time and again to be a vital tool for recovering from dire economic consequences. Detroit is the last of those examples.    Second, Congress can provide Puerto Rico with relief from the Jones Act, which drives up the cost of all goods in Puerto Rico and depresses the Puerto Rican economy. Congress could even grant Puerto Rico a temporary extension of the Jones Act, in order to evaluate its impact on the economy before granting a permanent extension.    Third, Congress needs to fix future reductions in Federal health care funding that will harm Puerto Rico residents. These reductions are not in line with the funding treatment received by the 50 states, and they threaten the health and welfare of Puerto Ricans. It also threatens economic stability. Specifically, I understand that a further reduction will occur when the 2016 Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services rate structure becomes effective. This would cut Medicare funding by 11 percent in Puerto Rico, while increasing by 3 percent in the states on the mainland. This cut will compound the financial difficulty for Puerto Ricans who pay the same Social Security and Medicare taxes as residents.    There are some other examples in which Puerto Rico can be assisted by Congress. There is widespread consensus in Puerto Rico on the approval of H.R. 870 to amend the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In addition, there is consensus in crafting an extension from the Jones Act, and amending the sunset provisions of certain health care funding.    This basically summarizes my positions regarding my appearance today.    Mr. Rodriguez. First, let me qualify the concept of territorial status, that the present government does not accept as so. And ``commonwealth'' has been defined in other legal and constitutional relationships with the United States. But, nonetheless, I do not want to expand too much on that. The critical economic circumstances that we are facing in Puerto Rico are the consequence of many years of perhaps overspending. We have to admit that, in some cases, we should have been much more careful. But, nonetheless, in some way the island has been dealing with some difficulties in dealing with that sort of economic condition.    For instance, every state has a right to resort to a law that allows Chapter 9 to be implemented. Therefore, any municipality in any state can resort to it. Somebody has said that Puerto Rico wants to have a bail out. Puerto Rico is not interested in having a bail out by approving H.R. 870, and extending Chapter 9 to Puerto Rico.    Mr. Rodriguez. The plan seems compatible with the U.S. law, as you just said. My understanding is that there was a process for defining the status that we are going to be participating on a referendum. That definition had to be approved by the Secretary--by the Attorney General of the United States.    Where the due process stands now I really do not know, but I understand that at some point the Governor of Puerto Rico was getting involved in some conversations with the Department of Justice to address that point, and to have organized the process in Puerto Rico for that event to take place. I cannot assure you at this moment what is the actual state of that initiative that was very much welcome in Puerto Rico.    Mr. Rodriguez. Yes, Mr. Chairman, but let me clarify. I am appearing here as a representative of the Governor in his executive functions. The Governor is also the President of the Popular Democratic Party in Puerto Rico, but I am not representing him on that particular position. So, therefore, I am not here representing the Popular Democratic Party. I am here appearing just as a representative of the Governor in his executive level.    Mr. Rodriguez. I understand that----    Mr. Rodriguez. I am here because the Governor was invited in two different categories. He was invited as Governor, and he was invited as President of the Popular Democratic Party.    Mr. Rodriguez. You invited the Governor of Puerto Rico, and I am appearing here, representing the Governor of Puerto Rico in his capacity as governor, not in his capacity as president of the Popular Democratic Party.    Mr. Rodriguez. You can direct the question to me, and I can decide if there is a----    Mr. Rodriguez. I understand that.    Mr. Rodriguez. I view Chapter 9 of the bankruptcy law for Puerto Rico----    Mr. Rodriguez. As the Attorney General, I assure you that that will be----    Mr. Rodriguez. Well----    Mr. Rodriguez. Right. That is----    Mr. Rodriguez. Well, I will tell you.    Mr. Rodriguez. That could happen. Puerto Rico, as a commonwealth, can be treated differently from states. But, again, there are many other rights exercised by states that are also being granted to Puerto Rico. So why is there a difference regarding Chapter 9?    Mr. Rodriguez. I do not understand that difference----    Mr. Rodriguez. No, excuse me one second----    Mr. Rodriguez. I explained, sir, that I am appearing here just----    Mr. Rodriguez. We see a brighter future for Puerto Rico. We are facing a very difficult financial situation. Actually, a crisis. Nonetheless, I understand that we have the capabilities to come across and bring the island to a brighter condition. We need the help that I mentioned before. We need to have an instrument to deal with the debt that we are carrying now. That is why we support extending bankruptcy Chapter 9 to Puerto Rico. That is a fact.    But besides that, I understand that all the capabilities are there. All the instruments are there in Puerto Rico. If we reorganize our debt and we can comply with our compromises, with holders of our debt, certainly Puerto Rico can come across and enter into a state of parity.