    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, and the ranking member for bringing this up.    I want my comments in the context of somebody who has spent 35 years in the food service industry and is sympathetic to the comments by Ms. Bauscher. I know running restaurants, you couldn't make customers eat food that they didn't want to and pay for it, so. And having been a single parent, I understand the challenges in getting kids to eat what is good for them. But we have to separate food from nutrition and we started to just hit on this, so.    I want to talk about the overall context. So I was an author of one of the first local government menu labeling bills, in spite of the fact of being in the restaurant business in California. I was the co-author of the first state's menu labeling bill in the United States in California with a L.A. colleague. That has been in effect for about 8 years now, and we did that in response to the Center for Disease Control declaring a national epidemic when it came to obesity in America.    America has the second highest obesity rate in the world. We spend almost $200 billion a year on public health consequences for obesity, and where it has most impacted is amongst young people. So the way to do it is collectively and then most of it is around education. So menu labeling was letting parents know you are busy, you have to go through the drive in at Taco Bell but you can see the menu is changing now in fast food restaurants. You can see McDonald's now actually promoting to their investors that they are changing.    So, in that context, I always thought that this was the best investment the federal government could do, and along with education. Not telling parents or kids they have to eat it because they won't unless they know it is good for them. And then we know from a nutritional standpoint that your palate changes and adjusts.    And in terms of spoilage in California, what we found is that we have actually reduced spoilage when we use fresh ingredients. So in California, I know we are weird and we are different, but 66 percent of Republicans and 87 percent of Democrats in a recent Pew Charitable Trust poll said that they supported the current standards.    So in the context of my colleague from Virginia talking about cost, I view this as an investment. We change the cost curve when we invest in letting kids know that they can grow healthy foods in their school gardens, they can go in the kitchen afterschool programs and Dr. Krey and Mrs. McAuliffe's overall question is in regards to larger context, directed at Mrs. McAuliffe and if Dr. Krey wants to jump in there.    And then the secondary thing is intercession, summer school loss, both cognitively and nutritionally, and what a difference it makes for poor kids. So those are the two sort of general questions in terms of cost avoidance in investment in a broad scale, not just in this program, and to agree with education. That the best way to gets kids and parents to invest in good nutrition is to educate them to the cost in the long term, both cognitively and nutritionally.    Ms. McAuliffe?    Mr. DeSaulnier. So the overall question is, in the context, in California, we did it across the board. We wanted to educate parents, we wanted to educate adults about the obesity--the consequences of that, and I wonder if you are doing that in Virginia.    Mr. DeSaulnier. So, Dr. Krey, just to follow up on the intercession of summer school loss, you said it is not just for students' health but for the learning loss, up to half of that learning loss happens during the summer. Could you extrapolate on that a little bit, just briefly?    Mr. DeSaulnier. I want to yield back the remainder of the time I have.