    Mr. Garrett. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary.    I want to talk to you about a slightly different topic--one where we may have some agreement on both sides of the aisle--which is predatory lending and the horrendous problems that it caused.    Back in August 2012, a White Paper out of the Center for American Progress talked about this. Julia Gordon decried the practice of loan originators who ``steered borrowers toward risky subprime loans, citing predatory pricing gimmicks, encouraged borrowers to borrow far more than they could manage.'' I also know that such loans, as you may imagine, tended to default at a significantly higher rate than conventional mortgages.    So, as I say, I think this is something that you and I can agree with her on and decry that practice. As a matter of fact--I see you nodding--over at the CFPB, Director Cordray has made it a priority of his to look into predatory lending. I suppose you agree that is an appropriate role for Director Cordray to do.    With that all being said, what should we make, then, of the FHA? The FHA engages in each one of those practices that Ms. Gordon talked about. They employ various pricing gimmicks and strategies, many of which you just talked about, such as the exceedingly low downpayments you have talked about; low credit scores that you just talked about; inadequate up-front pricing, which has been talked about in the past; and high maximum dollar value loan limits, which has also just been talked about. These are all things that you are advocating at the FHA.    And I guess it would be okay if, at the end of the day, the results were positive. But the numbers that we see are a default rate at the FHA nearly 150 percent higher than prime lending.    So isn't it true, isn't it fair to say that all of what Ms. Gordon and American Progress, all of what you and I just agreed to are the criteria as to what Director Cordray should be looking into are actually the practices right now of the FHA? Predatory lending.    Mr. Garrett. Would you agree that predatory lending leads to devastating impacts upon families? Would you agree with that?    Mr. Garrett. Which one of these things that I just listed--and I am just basically quoting from what you just spoke about for the last half-hour--are you not doing? Are you not engaging in low credit scores? Are you not engaging in lower downpayments? Are you not engaging in lower premiums?    These are all things you just spoke about for the last half-hour. These are all things that the Center for American Progress identified for other lenders as being predatory lending. So why is it okay for you to engage in predatory lending but not for the other institutions that Richard Cordray at the CFPB is examining?    Mr. Garrett. Would you say it is responsible--if an individual has a loan with a local institution and it is predatory lending and they are now out of their home, devastated because of it, do they care whether that loan was done responsibly by you or irresponsibly by some other institution? Either way, they are out on the street. Do they care that you were responsible or, as in your earlier words, ``working hard at it?'' Either way, this family has been devastated by your conduct, haven't they?    Mr. Garrett. I am not talking about that. Actually, that is not true.    Mr. Garrett. But now that we see that there is a problem, now that we see that you are not following the law, now that we see that the American taxpayer has to bail out the FHA, we see that the FHA is not rectifying the situation. They are doubling down.    One of the ways that you are doubling down is by the lowering of the premiums. And to quote you, you said this will save $900 per year. That is $75 per month. Other actuaries have looked at it and said it is only $25, but split the difference, $50.    Do you look at an individual family and--basically, your new method is trying to entice people to come to an FHA loan to save the 25 or 50 bucks? What happens when that family has a loss--a furnace that breaks, some other hazard problems in the house, what have you? That is when the family then will not be able to pay their mortgage again, and they lose and they are out on the street.    Don't you care about those people? Are you so inclined to write more loans that you are just trying to entice them for 20 or 30 bucks to get into a house that they can't afford? Don't you care about these people, that they are getting in over their head once again? This is what brought us to this crisis in the first place, and you are going down the exact same road.    Mr. Garrett. It is amazing that you come here and you basically want to engage in predatory lending and entice people to go into these things and not show any care for the people and the devastation it may do to these families.    Mr. Garrett. But it is used to entice them to take the loans.