    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. Thank you, Chairman DeSantis, Ranking Member Lynch, distinguished members. I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today.    What I would like to focus on is the broader view of how social media is having an impact on the strategic information environment. Social media is revolutionary in so many ways. And I thought both the opening statements and also my colleagues have done a very good job of articulating those ways. But, ultimately, it's something which is tried and true in an armed conflict, that is, it's a tool of strategic communication.    I think in addition to understanding the direct impact of what ISIS is doing, we also need to understand how an organization like this, which has achieved a technical mastery of this strategic communication tool and also is branded by its over the top violence, we need to understand the impact that has on the overall information environment.    Chairman DeSantis, you spoke of the many extremist groups today that are operating in Syria and elsewhere and the many extremist groups that use this social media platform. ISIS is much more adept at it than others in terms of directly mobilizing people to their cause. But other groups also have their communication strategies.    ISIS, of course, was born out of the Al Qaeda organization and now challenges it for supremacy over the global jihadist movement. In so many ways, ISIS's rise has harmed Al Qaeda, including stealing away their fighters, stealing away their affiliates. But in other ways, it's actually benefited the Al Qaeda organization. In fact, today, Al Qaeda members are speaking openly of the ways in which ISIS's rise has helped them in terms of their communication.    In the latest issue of al-Risalah, which is an Al Qaeda-affiliated magazine published out of Syria, Usama Hamza Australi, who is a longtime confederate of the Al Qaeda organization, referred to ISIS's rise as a blessing in disguise. The reason he gave is that previously when people talked about extremism, they talked about people, Australi said, who wage jihad as being the extremists. Australi said now they know that it's not people who wage jihad that are the extremists, it's not those who avoid it, who are moderates, rather, he said, ISIS is the extremists and we, Al Qaeda, are the moderates.    Bin Laden recognized before his death that grave damage had been done to the Al Qaeda brand through the excesses of ISIS's predecessor, Al Qaeda in Iraq. He wanted to re-brand Al Qaeda. And he wanted to do this so badly, so deeply that he even thought about changing the organization's name. Well, two things have given Al Qaeda tremendous opportunities. One of which is the awful Sunni-Shia conflict which is racking the region, which has shifted strategic priorities and made some Sunni gulf states see Al Qaeda as a possible counterbalance against Iran.    The second thing is the rise of ISIS, which Al Qaeda is able to use as a foil. And they've done this successfully, much more successfully than we're now acknowledging and in ways that going to cause lasting problems for us. Right now, Al Qaeda is receiving state support. This is out in the open. The Jaysh al-Fatah Coalition, of which both Al Qaeda Syrian affiliates Jabhat al-Nusra and also the other jihadist group, Ahrar al-Sham are leading members. Receives open support from Qatar, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia. In Yemen, Al Qaeda is at the forefront of opposing the advance of Arabian-backed Houthis. Right now, Al Qaeda controls territory on the ground in Yemen, in Al Mukalla, which is the 5th largest city, and also in Aden. In fact, we're seeing the collapse of the anti-Al Qaeda sanctions regime with Mohammed Islambolly, a high-level member in the Khorasan Group in Syria, being delisted by the United Nations just 2 days ago.    Our own actions have an impact and prevent us from countering some of these negative developments. Let's not lose sight of the fact that our actions are communicated acts. When you look at our policies in Syria, which the Oversight Committee also is concerned about, one thing that has come up in the past few weeks after Russia started bombing is complaints from officials about how Russia was bombing U.S.-backed rebels.    There's an amazing article by Ken Dilanian in the Associated Press, published on October 10, where he talks about how U.S. officials said that our rebels were gaining ground prior to the Russian bombing. When he names where those rebels were gaining ground, in Idlib, in Hama, it's obvious that the people at the forefront were Jaysh al-Fatah, the coalition that's associated with Al Qaeda. I wish this were conspiracy theory. I wish that this was hyperbole.    But U.S. officials are talking about the fact that our rebels are helping Al Qaeda make advances on the ground. This is of grave concern because it's ultimately a communicated act. Our actions are communicated acts. And if we take actions that are contrary to our values and arguably contrary to U.S. law, that can stop us from preventing this tremendous shift where Al Qaeda is operating much more openly. Thank you.    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. Sir, I think you can do both. And I think it's best if you have both functioning at once.    The main thing that I would argue for both government and also civil society activists is that when you look at what ISIS has done online, it's very innovative. And often our own efforts aren't as innovative and aren't as strategic.    In terms of strategy, and I think Ambassador Fernandez did a good job in his testimony of highlighting some areas of vulnerability for ISIS. I mean, there's a group that is so invested in its brutality, in its, what I call its winner's message in my testimony, that once chinks are put in this armor, once there are clear areas in which they're failing and not living up to this image of strength, then they actually very much are in danger of a brand reversal.    I would suggest that one thing we can look to in terms of bodies of literature is literature being put out by people in the, who do academic work on business. They're very much an organization that has a certain brand. And it's a brand that's working now but it won't always work.    The second thing I'll say in terms of innovativeness, we have talked about taking down their accounts individually. And that has a disruptive effect. But, ultimately, they're in an online environment. We actually have the capability to literally map every single member of a distribution network, every single account, and take them all down at once, as opposed to reporting them individually. That's thinking innovatively. Let's not take them down one at a time, let's take them all down.    And Twitter is willing to take down these accounts. They don't have a good algorithm to take them down. But these accounts are violating their terms of service. And so I think that there's an area in which either from the governmental angle or from a civil society angle, one can help to map these networks, and you'll have a much more disruptive effect if you take down the whole network as opposed to one note at a time.    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. I think there's multiple things attracting people to the ISIS caliphate, and I think it's somewhat different based upon personality and region. ISIS actually has on some of their web pages a different interface that you receive depending upon where you're from. So if you're looking at them and you're a westerner, for some of their pages you'll get a different page than if you're visiting from the Middle East.    There's two major themes in their propaganda, though, that I would point to, even though there are many things that draw people to them. One theme is their strength. And as I said, they're extraordinarily brutal, but they're okay with that because their brutality, beheading people, burning people alive, this is a sign that they're winning. This is a sign of how strong they are. That's one element that's very strong in their propaganda.    A second element, and Charlie Winter writes about this for the Quilliam Foundation quite well, a British-based think tank, is that they're building a state. Ambassador Fernandez referred to that. That's the second aspect of their propaganda, both destruction and also creation. I think both of those are vulnerable to disruption. On the one hand, we were talking a bit about whether the bombing campaign has accomplished anything or not. Right now ISIS is fighting a ten-front war. And if you look at the past couple of months, they've experienced one loss after another. One of their biggest gains this year, Ramadi is under a lot of pressure, and the odds are that they will lose it within the next, say, 8 to 10 months.    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. First of all, let me say, sir, that I agree with that entirely; that it's not just a job for the Federal Government. You have a variety of centers which are out there. A new one just opened up in the United Arab Emirates in Doha, which is a joint project of the United States and the Emirates. There is also a communication center which has opened in Nigeria. So I think there are some interesting innovations that are occurring to try to get the U.S. to work with local partners.    Secondly, there are civil society organizations, such as the one that I mentioned before, the Quilliam Foundation, which really makes an effort to try to push out messages that are counter to extremism. I think some of the more effective ones highlight the bad experiences of defectors, people who had gone over to fight with the Islamic State and found that life was not all they will thought it was cracked up to be. I think that those are both important.    A third thing I would mention is that tech companies, in fact, are starting to get interested in this problem set. If you look at, and this has been reported openly, Google/YouTube has helped to finance content providers, including in the United States, people from the American Muslim community who have messages that are quite contrary to ISIS' message.    I will highlight one final thing, which is one problem I have noted in the past, is that ISIS is very good at creating facts, fabricating facts. It makes itself look stronger than it actually is. One area where I think the U.S. Government can play a very good role, is contacting media companies with fact sheets in order to counteract ISIS' exaggerations. Things like when they convinced CNN, BBC and others that they controlled the City of Derna in Libya, which they never did. Being able to quickly reach out to media contacts and say you've reported this. ISIS has fabricated this fact. It's untrue. Would be helpful in just making sure that the mainstream media doesn't end up echoing ISIS' propaganda.    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. Yes. We're seeing similar efforts on the Shia side. Most of the U.S.' focus is on Sunni extremism Groups. An analyst who I think has done the best work on this is Phillip Smyth, S-m-y-t-h, who wrote a monograph earlier this year published by the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, and he has looked extensively at the Shia side. They also do mobilize people through social media. They also have Shia foreign fighters who have gone to Syria, and it presents a similar set of concerns.    The final thing I'll mention there is similar to ISIS, they also are committing grave atrocities in the theater. While they have different goals than ISIS, it also is something which definitely is running counter to U.S. strategic interests and is causing a major humanitarian problem.    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. Definitely. There's a few ways in which social media has a direct impact on the current nascent intifada that's occurring. One is it's a remarkable mobilizing tool, a tool that can get people out, and you can have a campaign that's organized via social media. People can organize much more quickly than they could previously.    The second thing, one thing that is occurring in this conflict is people will be out there, for example, throwing rocks with a cell phone, and they'll be taking photos of what's happening to them in order to try to make sure that they capture the moment, and it gets disseminated right away via social media. So it is a tool that is at the center of how people are tactically thinking about this current conflict.    Mr. Gartenstein-Ross. Definitely. I think your question is a very important one, and that's why I mentioned this issue of Syria in my testimony. I think that fundamentally what we're doing in Syria and what we do in Syria is linked to our ability to communicate effectively on these issues related to extremism.    I agree with the way that you framed it, very strongly. And I think that in addition to the fact that these groups are not what we would regard as moderates, we should also note that the degree to which al Qaeda is strong enough on the ground, to really dominate Syrian factions whom we'd otherwise consider to be acceptable. So in the LA Times on October the 12th, you have an individual Major Fares Bayoush, who is the commander of Fursan al Haq, which is a group we regard as moderate, who said that some level of coordination with al Qaeda-style groups was unavoidable.    The quote in the LA Times is: ``There is something misunderstood by world powers. We have to work with Nusra Front and other groups to fight the regime in Daesh. And this is someone who we're supporting. That reenforces your point about the rebels, and we have to fundamentally understand that.    TOW missiles have used--American-provided TOW missiles--have been used to help these groups advance. Now let me be clear. It's not because the United States is trying to help bad people. I think that the U.S. tends to be on the side of the angels, but we're very blunderingly on the side of the angels. And i think that we wanted to back this uprising against Assad, given that he is an awful dictator; but then when the facts on the ground revealed just how much extremism factions were dominating the battle space, we didn't adapt. Our adaptation was to go ahead and help those extremist factions to gain ground.    In addition to the idea of boots on the ground being problematic for the reasons that you articulated, I think it is important to look into our current policies. As I said, following the Russian bombing, U.S. officials were talking about how they considered our program of supporting rebels through the CIA to be successful. And when they looked at rebel successes, they were pointing to areas where the Nusra Front gained ground.    If we are backing rebels to help al Qaeda to make advances, we can't very credibly say to Saudi Arabia, to Qatar, to Turkey, now you guys cant support them because we are indirectly, not directly, but we're doing the same thing. And I think that's something which is very much worth looking into, including the question of whether these programs violate U.S. law and the question of whether Congress has been given accurate information on what the rebel groups that we're supporting are doing.