    Mr. King. Thank you very much. Good morning. Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to discuss the Department's 2017 budget. I look forward to building on our bipartisan collaboration as we implement the Every Student Succeeds Act and solve important challenges in public education.    This first year, we are focused on three principles: first, ensuring every child has the opportunity to earn an excellent education; second, supporting our Nation's teachers and elevating the teaching profession; and, third, improving access, affordability, and completion in higher education.    These principles, along with my own experiences working in public education, inform the ideas in our 2017 budget proposal. Before joining the Department, I led the New York State Department of Education and served as the managing director of Uncommon Schools, a network of high-achieving charter schools. I began my career as a high school social studies teacher and cofounded one of the highest-performing middle schools in Massachusetts.    I'm also the proud parent of two public school students, and these experiences inspire every decision that I make at the Department.    While this budget is focused on the challenges ahead of us, I also want to acknowledge the remarkable gains we are seeing. High school graduation rates are at an all-time high and dropout rates are falling. We have the largest and most diverse classes enrolling and completing higher education. The numbers of African American and Latino college students are up by more than a million since 2008.    The Department's 2017 budget builds on that progress in important ways. It would strengthen formula programs at the heart of the Every Student Succeeds Act and invest in next-generation high schools and career and technical education. It ensures that our youngest learners get a strong start in school through President Obama's landmark Preschool for All initiative and capitalizes on teacher leadership by helping them achieve their ideas in the schools where they are needed most, and brings computer science to every classroom in this country.    Through the new Stronger Together program, we would help school and district leaders create more high-achieving, socioeconomically diverse classrooms and schools. All students benefit from learning with classmates from different economic backgrounds, and all students should have that opportunity.    The programs in our 2017 budget would also make higher education more affordable and help more students earn their college degrees. America's College Promise would make community college free for all students, an idea that is proving its potential in communities from Tennessee to Long Beach, California. This budget would also drive innovations in Pell Grants by supporting students that take summer classes and at least 15 credits per semester and reward institutions with high completion rates.    We need new strategies for helping students earn their degrees, and through First in the World and the HBCU Innovation for Completion Fund, we would help colleges translate their ideas into better outcomes for their students.    This budget leverages local leadership, the source of strength of our Nation's education system, to help more students succeed. But I also know that there are places where leaders are not living up to their responsibilities.    Last year, I visited a community where five local schools had become socioeconomically and racially isolated and under-resourced failure factories, to borrow a term from a local newspaper. There, we met desperate families, dejected teachers, and students that questioned whether the adults in their lives really care.    I contrast that visit with the excellent schools I've seen in communities from Houston to Wilmington to Miami. I've met countless engaged students who know that, thanks to the educators in their lives, their destiny will not be determined by where they were born.    The Department's 2017 budget would support local and State-led efforts to create many more places where students know their education and their future is in their own hands. I look forward to discussing these ideas with you in more detail and would be happy to answer your questions. Thank you.    Mr. King. I appreciate the question, Congressman.    The budget is really focused on the priorities that I described, equity and excellence for all students, investing in teaching, and lifting up the teaching profession, and doing more to ensure access, affordability, and completion in higher education. As we invest in those priorities, we were careful to stay within the constraints of the budget caps that were agreed to last year and to ensure that this is a budget that actually reduces the deficit over the long term.    And so within those constraints, we tried to prioritize those programs that we think would best accelerate our meeting those goals. But we are deeply committed to students with disabilities and ensuring opportunity for them. Students with disabilities would benefit from the programs that are in this budget. We maintain the increased investment from the 2016 budget, and actually increase spending in the Part B and Part C IDEA programs.    Mr. King. Yes, absolutely. We are deeply committed to the principle that we need more evidence-based decision-making in education. If you look at education versus other sectors, we spend in education something like less than one half of 1 percent on research and development. In other areas of our economy, that number can be as high as 20 percent spent on research and development.    So we need more investment there. This budget prioritizes that in a few ways. We propose an increase in funding for IES, so that they can engage in important research projects, fund important research projects across the country. We call for an increase in the education, innovation, and research grant programs so that we can fund efforts at the local level and State level to develop an evidence base around what works, particularly for our highest-needs students. And we propose restoring funding for the First in the World grant competition, which is focused on building an evidence base around initiatives at the higher education level that ensures students get to completion. And as a companion to that, we have the HBCU Completion Innovation Fund proposal that we think will help Historically Black Colleges and Universities build an evidence base there around best approaches to ensure that students don't only start, but actually finish college.    Mr. King. Let me first say that HBCUs play a hugely important role in American culture. I think it's often underappreciated how critical the role of HBCUs is in preparing teachers for the country, a diverse teacher workforce, how critical the role of HBCUs is in preparing African American doctors, African Americans graduating with STEM degrees.    So we want to make sure that the HBCU sector is a thriving one. That's why we invest in the HBCU Innovation Fund. HBCUs, as you know, figure prominently in the America's College Promise proposal, allowing students to go to HBCUs using America's College Promise funds.    We also ask for an increase in the staff at the Office of Civil Rights. And the Office of Civil Rights is currently working, as you know, on several issues related to those consent decrees and States' allocation of resources to their Historically Black Colleges and Universities. But one of our very real challenges in the Office of Civil Rights is a huge increase in the number of civil rights complaints that we are investigating and closing with communities and institutions, but we have not had the necessary staff. And so many of those complaints take longer to resolve than would be ideal.    On the broader point of segregation, I would say the budget calls for an increase in the magnet schools program, which is directed at communities that have either existing court orders or agreements around desegregation, but the budget also calls for an investment in Stronger Together, which would foster locally led, locally defined, voluntary efforts to increase socioeconomic integration in schools, because we want our schools to be places where students experience the kind of diversity that they will experience in the workforce.    Mr. King. We are very engaged in Flint. What's happened there, I think, is shameful and tragic. And it's very important that all agencies participate in helping the community in Flint respond to the situation.    So we've been in close contact with the school districts and the regional providers of educational services in Flint, providing technical assistance, helping them identify how they can use existing resources to respond to the needs. We've had folks on the ground meeting with folks in Flint, visiting with parents and educators. We are working with a cross-agency team to identify what would be most useful going forward. And we certainly will look forward to working with this committee, and with your staff in particular, on how we ensure that the Federal Government supports the community of Flint.    Mr. King. I've seen it, yes.    Mr. King. So I share your commitment to making sure that the resources that are going to the higher education sector are going to students. Of course, we want our students to be safe and supportive while they are in school and able to go on to graduate and prepare for what's next.    Some of the recommendations in there are things that we are working on. As you know, we have a Pell experimental site focused on competency-based education where we are working with several higher ed institutions to foster innovation. We've got an effort with Pell dual enrollments to foster innovation around partnerships with high schools. In our higher ed institutions, we've made some changes to the financial aid process.    Mr. King. Nine and 12.    Mr. King. Yeah, I share that priority. I'm still paying my student loans. I share that priority. And so I think we can work together on that. We certainly think in this next year there are places where we can make progress on some of the items mentioned in that report. I do want you to know we are working on some of them already and have implemented some of those recommendations.    Mr. King. So let me say, first, HSIs, MSIs generally, I think, play a critical role in the education system--    Mr. King. -- and are often a path to opportunity for first-generation college students who otherwise might not have access to those opportunities.    In the America's College Promise proposal, MSIs are well represented. So if students, hard-working students were to pursue degrees at 2-year or 4-year MSIs, they would be eligible for the America's College Promise funding.    The First in the World fund includes a set-aside for MSIs and HBCUs at 30 percent, the First in the World fund, that's $100 million that's targeted towards completion, efforts to improve the evidence base around completion. And then the innovation fund, Completion Innovation Fund, is also for MSIs and HBCUs.    So we've reflected MSIs in several places. We were constrained in our approach to this budget by--    Mr. King. Thank you.    Mr. King. Congressman, I appreciate the question. I am a huge supporter of career and technical education. And when I was commissioner in New York, one of the things we focused on was expanding access to career and technical education, and particularly strengthening the partnerships between high schools, employers, and also higher education institutions so that students were prepared for success when they graduated.    We see the Next Generation High Schools program in that context, a way to cultivate innovation in career and technical education. We know that there's a need for more CTE programs that are focused on 21st century jobs. There are CTE programs around the country that are looking for resources to offer new types of programs that respond to new demands in advanced manufacturing or in high-tech industries.    So we see the Next Generation High Schools programs as an opportunity to spur that kind of innovation and build an evidence base around what works, but believe strongly in the Perkins program, hope, actually, that there's an opportunity for a discussion on reauthorization of the Perkins CTE Act and an opportunity to ensure that we foster innovation, that we have the teachers that we need. You know, when I talk to superintendents, one of the challenges is finding teachers in the CTE fields, particularly high-demand new fields, emerging fields like computer science and tech-related fields.    So CTE would benefit from a variety of the programs that are here. We've got a billion-dollar investment in making teaching the best job in the world. We think that will help us to attract teachers to the CTE fields that are in high demand today. So to be clear, this budget invests in CTE because we believe strongly in it.    Mr. King. Yeah. Eager to work with you on this. I think the principles from the blueprint are the principles we think are important, investing in innovation, ensuring that we have the teacher workforce that we need.    Close partnerships with employers. One of the projects I worked on in New York, I am very proud of, was a partnership in IBM launching a school called P-TECH in Brooklyn where students graduate with a high school diploma, associate's degree, first in line for a job with IBM. We replicate that--    Mr. King. Thanks.    So ultimately charters we see as one path to innovation among many. And so this budget invests in magnet schools, invests in the Stronger Together socioeconomic-integration initiative, invests in the Charter School Program.    What's most critical is we need that innovation to get better outcomes. Despite the progress we've made as a country, despite having the highest graduation rate we've ever had, we still see significant achievement gaps. And there are places where high-performing charters, high-performing magnet schools, strong socioeconomic-integration efforts are making a real difference for student outcomes, but, of course, that needs to come along with the accountability.    In our Charter School Program, we are focused on helping States strengthen their authorizers. The quality of charters in a given State is very closely tied to the quality of the charter authorizers. Are those authorizers holding the schools, the school leaders, accountable to the charter agreement? Are they ensuring transparency--    Mr. King. Yeah. There are set of requirements for participation in the Federal Charter School Program around authorizer practices. Some of the issues that you are raising are often dictated by State law. But for our Charter School Program, for participation in that grant program, there are a set of expectations.    And, look, we have to acknowledge that there are places where authorizers should be doing a much better job. There are States where low-performing charters, charters with poor financial track records are allowed to continue to operate even though they are not living up to their charter, and in those places the authorizers should intervene to close those schools.    Mr. King. So the goal of the Scorecard is to provide information to students, to parents, and to institutions. In the work to develop the Scorecard, we did a lot of listening, to students, to higher ed institutions, to the civil rights communities, to advocacy organizations for students, to understand the kinds of information that would better inform student--    Mr. King. We're working with the higher education community to make sure that schools that weren't included in the first round of the Scorecard have the opportunity to be in the Scorecard. But it's important to note, the Scorecard is not a rating system, in that we don't have rankings of the schools.    Mr. King. It's information, it's a transparent system of information about the schools.    Now, people can use that information. And one of the things we did, we were careful to do in the development of the Scorecard, was make it possible for others to access the data, protecting student privacy, being able to assess the data to create other tools that might inform students about things like how much does the typical student leaving the school have to pay in student debt, how much does the typical student leaving the school earn. We think those are important things for students to be aware of.    Mr. King. Again, we feel like the transparency for students about the information we do have is important and can inform decisions.    I was in a high school a few weeks ago, sitting with students who were using a tool called Pell Advocates that relies on the information from the Scorecard, and it was a high-need-type school in the district, and you could see students realizing that schools they thought were out of reach for them because their sticker price is so high, realize that, no, in fact, they could go to that school because of the financial aid that was available. And I saw students literally change their mind about what they thought was possible for them because of that information. That strikes me as a worthwhile effort.    Mr. King. Thanks for the question. So we think there's tremendous opportunity in allowing higher ed institutions to innovate around serving high school students. And, you know, I've seen many high schools around the country where students who may not have thought college was possible for them have that experience of taking college classes in high school, and it changes their expectations for themselves and their life trajectory.    That's the reason we are committed to the Pell dual-enrollment experimental site. We are going and make sure that we can find that experimental site within existing Pell dollars. We put out a request for applications from institutions. That closed a couple of weeks ago. We are reviewing those applications from institutions, and we expect there will be a number around the country that begin this work, and we'll build an evidence base around dual enrollment.    Mr. King. That's right. We are doing this experimental site within existing Pell dollars.    Mr. King. No, it's that we see this is as an investment in expansion. And so what we've tried to say is the dollars here have to be used to expand access to dual-enrollment programs.    Mr. King. So we think it's important that we build more programs that are targeted towards either folks who are low income or folks who are unemployed so they can get access to jobs training and education.    Mr. King. Well, so these would be the higher ed institutions themselves would seek these grants in partnership with employer partners and create programs that would serve those low-income students, those unemployed students, help them get the skills they need to get good jobs.    Now, this is a competitive grant program, $75 million. But then, we also have proposed, in partnership with the Department of Labor, a $5 billion investment in programs that would serve disconnected youth, programs that would serve folks who are unemployed, programs that would provide summer jobs and first jobs for high-need students.    So we see this effort as part of a broader commitment across the Federal Government to ensuring that folks who want opportunity can get that opportunity.    Mr. King. Well, that's what we propose on the discretionary side in this specific program, trying to operate within the budget caps. But as I said, with the Department of Labor, we proposed $5 billion in three different programs that are focused on expanding job training and education programs for low-income adults and those who are unemployed.    Mr. King. Thank you.    Mr. King. So to be clear, our goal in the higher education sector generally is to ensure that we protect both the interests of students and the interests of taxpayers. We've got to make sure that students have access to good information when they enroll in a school, they get the support they need to graduate, and that taxpayers can be confident that schools are using taxpayer dollars to support students.    The interagency work on that task force is focused on ensuring that where there are bad actors -- and there are some -- where there are bad actors, there's an intervention to change that behavior and to ensure that student interests are protected.    We recently announced the addition of an enforcement unit at the Department within our Federal student aid team focused on bad actors. It's not specific to one sector. That could be a nonprofit, could be a for-profit, could be a public institution. But if an institution isn't following the law, isn't serving students well, we think it's important for there to be an intervention.    Mr. King. Absolutely. It's a diverse sector, and I think part of what those statistics point out is how much work we have to do as a country on the issue of completion. And when we think about the students who struggle to pay back their debt, it's often the students who start but don't finish, and then they're trapped in this cycle. They can't get a good job because they don't have a degree, but they also can't pay back their debt.    And so many of the proposals in our budget are focused on that issue of completion, including in our public institutions. The America's College Promise program really requires a set of commitments to completion-focused policy changes in States that would participate.    Mr. King. So first, Congresswoman, thank you for the opportunity to join you in Miami for the My Brother's Keeper event. Thank you for your leadership in the community around ensuring that our young people are safe and have educational opportunities.    We think there's tremendous opportunity as States and districts move forward with implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act for districts to invest in smart strategies aimed at reducing dropout rates, ensuring safe and supportive environments for students, ensuring that students have access to a well-rounded education.    In Title IV, we increase the funding. The programs that were covered by Title IV in the `16 budget were at about $278 million. We increase that to $500 million in our budget. But we were, again, operating within the constraints of the budget caps and trying to make sure that we addressed the President's priorities within those budget caps. But we do think those are hugely important programs and think there's great opportunity for LEAs to address student needs.    Mr. King. Hugely important issue. You know, if you look at our public schools today, the majority of the students in the Nation's public schools today are students of color. And yet only about 18 percent of our teachers are teachers of color. Only 2 percent of our teachers are African American men. And so we have work to do as a country to ensure a diverse teacher workforce.    The President's budget includes a proposal around a Teacher and Principal Pathways innovation grant program that would be a grant that teacher preparation and school leader preparation programs could leverage to make efforts to improve diversity.    We know, for example, in some communities paraprofessionals are a place where there's much more diversity than among the teaching staff. And if there was an opportunity to provide coursework and training and to see those paraprofessionals as future full-time teachers, you could add to your staff diversity.    There are other places around the country where we see districts struggling with recruiting bilingual teachers to meet students' needs. And so this Pathways initiative would be another opportunity.    There's also room, we think, for States and districts to use Title II dollars for programs that would support the effective diverse teacher workforce that we need.    Mr. King. Yeah. Early education is a top priority for the administration. As you know, the President believes deeply that early education can be the key to getting students off on the right track as they start their education. The budget includes Preschool for All with the goal that all students would have access to high-quality preschool programs, particularly those students who are most at risk.    The budget also includes an increase for the Preschool Development Grant program that now will be managed in partnership with Health and Human Services. That program is already increasing the number of high-quality early learning slots.    And one of the signature elements of our Preschool Development Grants program and our Race to the Top -- Early Learning Challenge program, for both of those initiatives, has been the requirement for good collaboration around transitions to kindergarten. We really see preschool not as separate from the K-12 system, but as a part of the K-12 system. It's really about building a quality P-12 pipeline.    Mr. King. Thank you, Congresswoman. Certainly our staff can follow up with yours on some of the details here.    Just broadly on the first point, on the Office of Civil Rights. Our goal in the Office of Civil Rights is to ensure that the rights of students are protected and that our campuses, whether it's our K-12 schools or our higher education campuses, are safe and supportive environments for all students. We think protecting students, both female and male students, against sexual assault has to be a part of how we ensure that our campuses are safe and supportive environments.    The Dear Colleague letters that we issue do not have force of law. They are not, from our perspective, the same, clearly, as a statute or a regulation. But they are an attempt to provide clarity for the field and to answer questions that we get.    Mr. King. The letters generally try to do two things. One is to clarify how the Department interprets existing law and regulation to provide clarity. And also to provide models of best practice, examples of best practice. And so that's the goal with which we approach Dear Colleague letters.    When we do regulations, we follow the public comment process or the negotiated rulemaking process and gather public comment. Often the Dear Colleague letters are referencing existing statutes or regulations that went through the comment process.    Mr. King. Thank you.    Mr. King. Thanks for the question. You know, I believe very strongly in the programs that Title IV is intended to support, whether it's school counseling or the work to ensure that school environments are safe and supportive or the work to ensure that students have access to a well-rounded education that includes the arts and physical education or access to advanced coursework, like AP classes.    So that's hugely important, and we think States and districts have the opportunity to make good use of those Title IV dollars. As I mentioned earlier, our proposal is an increase over the funding that was in the four prior grant programs in `16. And so it is a significant increase. We think $500 million is a good start. Again, we were working, as you reference, within the budget agreement caps.    Certainly look forward to working with you on this question and with this committee as the budget process moves forward. The priorities behind Title IV are ones that we share. I think one of the challenges in administration will be ensuring that the grants are of sufficient size that districts can make good use of them to support exactly the intended programs.    Mr. King. Sure. So let me say the challenge that we have as a country is for sure helping -- one of the major challenges we have is helping students think through how to manage their student debt. It's one of the reasons we have been focused on the income-based repayment plans for direct loans so that we can cap the amount of money that students need to pay at 10 percent of their discretionary income so that students can manage their debt. It's one of the reasons we think it's so important to have good information for students at the outset about their options, about the cost of their degree, about their likely income when they leave a particular program.    We are very interested in working with you on issues around workstudy. Workstudy can be transformative for students, both in terms of the ways that it helps them to make their way through college, but also workstudy is supporting students doing very important public service activities on many campuses, allowing students to really engage with the community outside of their university. Many students can trace why they became a teacher or why they went into public service to experiences they had through workstudy.    So hugely important program. Eager to work with you on that. And certainly eager to work with you on how we make the income-base repayment program as efficient as possible and increase participation in that program as much as possible.    Mr. King. Absolutely.    Mr. King. I think so. I mean, I think our staff should consult with hers on some of the--    Mr. King. No, it's just that we don't have our OCR team here, and I want to make sure that we -- the OCR team keeps very careful documentation of their cases. I just want to make sure that we have adequate time to respond fully.    Mr. King. We will endeavor to meet the March 1 deadline. But again, I want to make sure that our team consults on the specifics of the questions.    Mr. King. It's a question of whether we can gather all of the specific material that she's interested in by March 1.    Mr. King. The questions were reasonable.    Mr. King. The President's budget overall not only stays within the caps agreed to on discretionary spending, but the budget overall reduces--    Mr. King. Again, the President proposes for the budget overall tradeoffs that ensure that the budget overall, including mandatory spending--    Mr. King. I was actively involved in the conversations, as was the entire team at the Department, working closely with OMB to ensure--    Mr. King. Again, the budget as a whole actually would reduce the deficit. Each program that is proposed on the mandatory side also has a pay-for--    Mr. King. This budget commits to programs that we think are hugely important for the country. Preschool for All, as you know--    Mr. King. Yeah. So hugely important role for preschool and students' long-term success. And we think that's hugely important for students with disabilities and for all students.    We do propose an increase in part B and C, and that is a place where we tried to increase IDEA funding. But I would say the Preschool for All proposal, which would move us towards universal access, particularly for our highest need students, to quality public preschool, would serve students with disabilities quite well. And we think it's important that where possible we have inclusive preschool environments. And ensuring that access to preschool is available would allow more communities to create inclusive preschool environments where preschool students with disabilities are in the classroom with general education preschool students.    Over the long term, I think there's more that we can do as a country to support early identification. The earlier we intervene with students, the better off we'll be. I know there are proposals on the Health and Human Services side around Head Start and so forth.    But in terms of the education budget, I think the combination of Preschool for All, the increase for Preschool Development Grants, which are jointly administered with HHS, and the part B and C increases all reflect our deep commitment to preschool.    Mr. King. Yeah. So, you know, college completion is hugely important to how we ensure America's long-term economic competitiveness, and it is critical to solving some of our challenges around student debt. And what we know from evidence around the country is that programs that help students get to completion can have a significant impact on graduation rates.    We know that there are programs -- for example, when I was in New York, at City University of New York, a support program that they have called ASAP for students who are in community college literally doubled the completion rate. A small number of supports for students doubled the completion rate from about 20 percent to 40 percent for Pell-eligible students, ensuring that they would get to a degree.    So these proposals build on an evidence base. We know that if students have an incentive to take more credits, increases the likelihood that they'll complete. It's a small incentive that we're proposing, $150 a semester, to encourage students to take 15 credits. We know that campuses around the country, University of Hawaii is an example of this, that have committed to these 15-credit initiatives have then had to examine exactly the issues you're describing. Do students have access to the courses that they need each semester? Are there creative ways to schedule those courses?    That's why we also propose an institutional bonus for campuses that do a good job improving their completion rates for Pell students, because often institutions can structure their program design, the counseling they provide to students to increase completion rates.    And then summer Pell builds on that as well. We know that if students can stay on track and take those extra summer courses, they are much more likely to graduate.    But you're right. We've got to do this all with attention to making sure that we maintain space for innovative program design on the part of institutions--    Mr. King. I'm certainly open to working with you on that. As I had indicated earlier, we're hopeful that there will be a reauthorization of the Perkins CTE Act, and I think that would create an opportunity for discussions about allocation of resources.    And also ways that we spur innovation. You know, in New York, one of the ways that we were able to stretch the CTE dollars was working through regional providers that were serving multiple districts. And that allowed us to pool students, pool resources, and create CTE programs that were more cost effective.    So I think there's an opportunity in that reauthorization discussion to get at exactly this issue.    Mr. King. And we're working to provide additional guidance to schools. As you say, the prior-prior approach would apply beginning next October, apply to all students. But there is flexibility built into our student aid system for students aid administrators at campuses to look at if there have been changes in a student's circumstances. Because of course, even as we move towards the prior-prior year tax return driving the aid calculation, if a student's parent has lost a job or a parent has passed away, we want there to be flexibility, and student aid administrators would maintain that flexibility to adjust awards based on that additional information.    Mr. King. Great. Thank you, Congressman.    So on the issue of open educational resources, we think there's a huge opportunity for savings and sharing -- sharing of best practice, savings to schools and to students. And that's true of K-12 and higher ed. There are some very interesting efforts around the country around open educational resources to lower the costs of textbooks for students at the higher ed level. Certainly at the K-12 level, lots of opportunities for sharing between educators across the country.    We have a regulation out that we just closed public comment on that would require grantees, Federal grantees, to make their resources available in an open way. We're reviewing that comment now and are excited about that effort.    Summer Pell, I think, can be transformative for students. Great examples around the country of the ways in which helping students get to completion faster, manage their time better as they work towards completion can improve outcomes. We think Summer Pell will help with that. We've built that into our budget proposal and see it in conjunction with the institutional bonus for schools that improve completion rates for Pell students as part of a multiprong strategy to improve completion rates.    And then on the issue of dual enrollment, we've got a Pell experimental site on dual enrollment. We've just received applications from institutions around the country, higher ed institutions, to use Pell for high school students to pursue dual-enrollment classes. We're excited about that effort. The research base on dual enrollment is very strong already, and we will build that evidence base with this experimental site. But there's also an opportunity in our proposed Next Generation High School initiative for schools to use a dual-enrollment approach.    Mr. King. Two important parodies for me in this year are continuing to strengthen the efficiency of management of the Department and improving our efforts to ensure that the higher ed sector delivers access, affordability, and completion. The accreditation work is in that context, where we want to make sure that we are transparent about the information on the process that accreditors follow, we want to make sure that accreditors are doing a good job fulfilling their responsibility as part of the accountability for higher ed institutions.    We worry that institutions like Corinthian which, you know, failed -- Corinthian was accredited all the way through its failure as an institution. And so we've got to make sure that accreditors are paying close attention to institutional performance.    That memo was issued in that spirit, to try to ensure that we work together across the agency to strengthen the process for monitoring and supporting accreditors, and we're going to continue that work. We've also got legislative proposals, happy to share those with you, on how we might improve the process for accreditors.    Mr. King. One of the proposals in the President's budget is for an increase in staffing at Federal Student Aid. We see that the loan portfolio is growing. So we've got to make sure that we have the staff that we need to support that portfolio. We are working with a variety of contractors, including servicers, to try to improve the student borrower experience. We will soon recompete the servicer contract, which will be an opportunity to strengthen how servicers work with borrowers. I mentioned earlier, we launched a new enforcement unit focused on ensuring that where there are bad actors, whether it's in the for-profit, non-profit, or public sector, that we have a strategy to investigate and intervene.    So we have a number of initiatives underway to strengthen the experience of students and institutions working with the Federal Student Aid system.    Mr. King. Yeah. Thank you for your question. And thank you for the opportunity to meet with the Bipartisan HBCU Caucus.    We think one of the critical issues that we need to work on as a country is completion, ensuring that students who start are able to finish school. We know there are examples around the country, including HBCUs and MSIs, of smart initiatives to provide counseling to students, to help students figure out the right course selection, to help students think about internship opportunities that will expose them to possible career choices that might shape their course selection, just-in-time small grants to help students manage some of the financial challenges that come up in the day-to-day of their lives, student support services where students may be struggling with challenging life issues, whether that's domestic violence in a relationship or issues of food insecurity.    So we know that those programs can help improve completion, and when students get their degree, they are in a much better position to be successful in the economy and to pay back any debt that they may have.    First in the World was funded for 2 years, and there are a number of grants, including to HBCUs and MSIs around the country, that are showing early signs of promise around improving completion through support services for students. We think that's an important program to continue and needs to have a set-aside for HBCUs and MSIs because of their critical role in the economy and our culture.    Similarly, the HBCU/MSI Innovation Completion Fund is designed to be targeted to HBCUs and MSIs that want to help build an evidence base around what works to help students get to completion.    Mr. King. Yeah. We look forward to working with you on this. We are pleased that there's funding there to continue the McNair program at the prior level.    I would say that the TRIO programs have a hugely important role on our campuses. TRIO programs are a key part of the supports for first-generation college students. We have a number of staff members and leaders at the Department who were themselves beneficiaries of TRIO programs. And so we think that's hugely important and look forward to working with you on implementation.    Mr. King. We are still in conversation with the Indiana Education Department and expect resolution of the issues. My understanding is that they realize that their calculations were in error, that they are intent on correcting them, and certainly we can update you on that.    Mr. King. Happy to do that. My understanding is that our team has been consulting with the Education Department on the necessary corrections. And I'll make sure that we follow up with you and figure out the best next steps.    Mr. King. Got it.    Mr. King. My understanding from the team is that it's imminent, but I will make sure that our team updates you and your staff on that.    Mr. King. Thank you.    Mr. King. So our task is both to protect the interests of students and taxpayers. We are very concerned about bad actors, and where we've identified bad actors, we have acted. For example, there's a set of schools, the Mariano schools in California, that were recently -- Marinello Schools, sorry -- that were recently closed as a result of enforcement actions that were taken.    We're going to continue to do that. We have proposed in this budget $13 million for our enforcement unit. We are directing existing resources towards that enforcement unit and will grow the capacity of that enforcement unit.    Mr. King. Yeah. Our Special Master Joe Smith is working through the requests for relief that we have currently. One of the key elements in the requests for relief is evidence of a State law violation, and so we've got to work through the requests that we have so far. I think the amount that's been granted in relief is now somewhere near $28 million already. But we'll continue to work through that effort as quickly as possible.    We also have a regulation process underway, a negotiated rulemaking process underway around borrowers defense that will allow us to set up, we think, more efficient procedures for these issues going forward, because we do want to make sure that where students have been wronged, that they are made whole as quickly as possible.    Mr. King. One of the challenges in the sector is that in many cases institutions are running a multitude of programs. And some of their programs may have strong outcomes, others may not. We know that we have institutions that sometimes misrepresent the evidence of their graduation rates. And that's one of the reasons why our enforcement work is so important.    Mr. King. Any institution's graduation rate, I think, we have to make sure that they have the evidence to back that up and that it's consistent across programs.    Mr. King. Helping students to make good decisions about their course-taking, their borrowing, is critical. And then once students have left school, making sure that they have good advice and counseling around how to manage their debt is critical.    A number of things in this budget that I think work towards that. Certainly summer Pell, the bonus for students who are taking 15 or more credits will help in that direction. The institutional bonus for institutions that ensure their Pell students actually graduate and complete, I think that institutional bonus will cause institutions to provide more of just the kind of support services and counseling that you're describing.    We are taking steps at Federal Student Aid to try to simplify the process. We have made the FAFSA form itself simpler. We've made more information available online through the College Scorecard. We're moving on October 1 to an earlier launch date for the FAFSA and also to the use of prior-prior tax return to simplify the process of providing tax information.    So there are good steps underway, I think, in the Department, but I look forward to working with you. I think there are some changes in law that we could make that would make the process even more transparent. I should also say this budget includes a simplification of income-based repayment, and certainly interested in working with you on that as well.    Mr. King. Yeah. Thanks.    Mr. King. Thanks for the question.    This is a hugely important issue. I am very worried about the ways in which the tone around teaching, I think, over the last decade has led folks to feel blamed or attacked. I think it's scary for the country that young people are less interested in the teaching profession. So we have got to change that. That's one of my priorities for this year, is to try to lift up the teaching profession. I was a teacher. My parents were teachers. I get the role that teachers play in kids' lives.    The President's budget includes a proposal called Best Job in the World that would dedicate a billion dollars of resources to a variety of initiatives around supporting teachers. That includes increases in the Teacher Incentive and School Leader Incentive Fund, because we think it's important that we attract highly effective teachers and principals to high-need schools.    We think it's important to create resources for schools, create collaboration time for teachers. Often, you know, when you talk to teachers about what's frustrating about the job, the lack of time for collaboration with colleagues to improve instruction, to support students, is a major issue, a major working conditions issue. This billion-dollar investment would help to address that.    We also dedicate resources towards Teacher and Principal Pathways, because we think we need innovation in teacher prep and school leader prep to make sure that we have a diverse workforce that's well prepared for the diverse classrooms of the 21st century.    And we also are planning at the Department a number of efforts to try to lift up teacher leadership from the classroom. We've got the Teach to Lead program, and that's funded in the budget. It's a small amount of money, $10 million, but that would help provide grants to teachers around teacher-led projects to improve their schools and districts.    And then we also are doing work at the Department to try to lift up the issue of teacher diversity. We worry a tremendous amount about the lack of diversity in many places, and we want to make sure that districts and teacher prep programs and school leader prep programs are committed to recruiting diverse students.    Mr. King. That's right.    Mr. King. We'd be interested in working with you on that. Through our Income-Based Repayment program we've tried to focus on for direct loans and showing that we can cap the amount of discretionary income that students are required to pay. But certainly open to talking about other strategies that would allow students--    Mr. King. I think if there are ways that we can help students to consolidate debt and take advantage of some of the existing direct loan programs, including the income-based repayment, I think that's something that we should explore    Mr. King. We think that investments that are in this proposed budget will actually produce long-term savings. You know, if you think about the benefits of preschool for all, for example, we know that students who are in high-quality preschool are less likely to end up needing remedial services later.    So that is a strategy, yes, it's an upfront investment, but over the long run will have a strong return on investment.    Mr. King. It's the idea that if we make these investments in preschool, in the skills that students would get through community college experiences, funded through America's College Promise, that the long-term return to our economy justifies those initial investments.    Mr. King. One of our challenges, I think, in the higher ed sector generally is how do we help students make good decisions about the relationship between their choice of school, choice of degree, and their long-term earnings. It's one of the reasons we think the College Scorecard provides helpful information to students, because it gives them the sense of the likely earnings that students would have leaving a particular school.    Mr. King. You know, I think it's a broader question of whether our students are choosing the degree that makes the most sense for their life plan, and that's where I think the College Scorecard could be helpful. It's also where the institutional bonus for Pell completion rates would be helpful, because then institutions would be incentivized to provide more counseling for students on just these issues.    Mr. King. I think as a country we have to be very aware that we have so many students who, A, are starting but not finishing, which is a huge challenge, and that there are students who are finishing and then not able to be successful in the 21st century economy. It's one of the reasons why the President's budget invests in efforts, joint efforts between education and labor to make sure that we are getting students into programs that help give them skills that will allow them to compete in the 21st century economy.    Mr. King. Yeah. I mean, I would defer to my colleagues at the Department of Labor on the specifics of the rule. I would say as a general matter, whether it's issues around overtime or paid leave or minimum wage, I think at the end of the day investing in our workforce results in a stronger middle class that in the end then allows for more resources for higher education, for early education, for K-12 education.    So in the long run, I think those kinds of efforts to protect employees and protect the interests of employees are important to the overall economy. But, again, I would defer to my colleagues at the Department of Labor on the specifics of the rule.    Mr. King. I think colleges and universities, like other employers, need to develop strategies that make sense for their employees and for their long-term--    Mr. King. Thank you.    