    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I also want to welcome our witnesses, and thank you very much for joining us today.    You know, over the past several months, we have met with senior leaders in military medicine who have discussed the policies of providing health care to the force and their families, and we have also heard from beneficiary organizations that represent those on the receiving end of healthcare services.    So today we have this unique opportunity to meet with the four of you, the military treatment facility commanders, three words, but they are all really important, all separate--who execute the policies, interact with the military providers as well as the beneficiaries affected by those policies and healthcare services.    So I look forward to our discussion and hearing from each of you how you balance the requirements of maintaining medical readiness for your providers while providing access to quality health care for your beneficiaries and what can we do to help you in that endeavor.    Thank you all so much for being here.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, thank you all for being here.    We have heard from a variety of sources, certainly, as we have worked through this over the last number of months, that access to healthcare providers is a challenge for some of the MTFs. And I wonder if you could talk about how you monitor or you balance the access to care for those depending on services.    And when you think about additional services that have to be increased, in what area is there greatest demand? And how--do you track that so you have a sense of where that healthcare dollar is being spent?    As you may know, there was a study last year, a Shelton study last year, that really looked at some of the contracted services, and they were pretty high, 70 percent, versus the     So can you talk a little bit about that? And how do you do that? And what do you know about that, in terms of trying to provide that additional resource?    Colonel Heimall. Well, ma'am, I can tell you within the National Capital Region we look very closely at where our patients are going to get their care and what we are paying for in the private sector, with the intent of trying to recapture as much of that care as we can.    Every time we treat a patient inside of our MTF, there is value in maintaining the skill level of not just the physician or the midlevel provider who is seeing that patient but the entire care team around that provider.    Additionally, if we have the capacity to see the patient and we send them downtown, the taxpayer has really paid twice for that care. And, as a taxpayer, I don't like doing that, and I am sure not many others do.    Within the National Capital Region, the needs really revolve around access to services like dermatology, gastroenterology, podiatry, and physical therapy. And I think the rest of the members will say physical therapy has been a challenge for most of us across the military services.    And so you look at innovative ways, now, how can I bring that care back into the system. And, in many cases, what we are doing at Walter Reed and Fort Belvoir is looking at how we can take our providers to where the patient lives and works. And so we have gastroenterology providers living and working at Fort Belvoir and Fort Meade every day. The Air Force has assigned an additional gastroenterology provider to Malcolm Grow who actually works at Fort Belvoir Community Hospital every day so that we can meet that demand.    And we are justifying additional resources in the market not based on what we are doing at an individual facility but what the market needs to be able to take care of the patients that are enrolled to us.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    And how has that medical dollar been spent then as a result of what you are trying to do? What have you seen that is different?    Colonel Heimall. Well, I think one of the things we have done in the last year in the National Capital Region is we have lowered our per-member, per-month cost significantly, about $90 per patient per month. And that has really been a result of trying to bring that care back in-house and better utilize the capacity that we have.    I am interested to see what happens. We have just hired 11 physical therapists for the entire market, and we are placing those physical therapists at the MTFs where that care is being referred to. So it will be interesting to see how much care we can recapture and whether or not we can make the care more convenient for the patient.    It makes no sense for somebody from Pax River, for example, to drive to Walter Reed for physical therapy three times a week if we can provide that service much closer to Pax River.    Mrs. Davis. Great. Thank you.    Anybody else want to respond?    Captain Freedman. Congresswoman, I would like to say, too, as Navy Medicine and the MHS transitions from health care to health, access, service, these are indicators of health--very, very important.    So we look at establishing that trust with the patient in a patient-centered medical home model to ensure that it is easy to get access. We monitor every single morning, making sure that our templates are built for open access for our patients. We are providing new and innovative ways for our patients to contact us, through nurse advice line, through secure messaging, through our patient smartphone application.    We want to make sure that we establish that, because if you need to be seen today, our covenant is that we will see you today. And that is the trust that you build into your patients so they don't seek care in the emergency room. Not that that is not good care, but that is not great primary coordinated care that leads us to health.    We also work very closely with our managed care support contractor who manages our network of facilities. And if we see that there is an indication for additional resources to be brought back to the direct care system, we work very closely with them to do so.    Colonel Place. Ma'am, I would like to add, as well, yes, we monitor all those things very, very, very closely. We have all kinds of briefings related to that.    But I guess the take-home message, from my perspective, is the metrics don't tell the whole story. If you call today at Madigan, the average time until you are seen for an acute appointment is .6 days. The metric that we use for third next available appointment is 1.6 is what that comes out as. But if you call today, most of the time we add you on. We just say, come on in, we will take care of you. So that is really what I want to get to in terms of access rather than how many appointments do we have.    In terms of the whole dollar figure, we recently went through and kind of reviewed how we do on 37 different kinds of service lines, so gastroenterology, pulmonology, and so forth, that we have. For the multiservice markets, the 250,000 beneficiaries, for 25 of the 37 service lines, more than 85 percent of the care we provide inside the direct care system.    So, yes, ma'am, we look at the value for healthcare dollars. When it makes sense for us to do it inside, we make that business case analysis and we try and provide it internal. If not, if it is more cost-effective to do it through a network provider, then we go that way.    Mrs. Davis. Okay. Thank you. My time is up.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, I think you just sort of capped off, brought together, I think, Colonel Place, I mean, you know, what is the problem we are trying to solve here. We know that the affiliation is critical and combined with culture and tradition and a whole host of other things. And, at the same time, we have a lot of stakeholders out there who do think that there are some changes that should really be made. You have attacked a number of those, I think, over the last, you know, few years, and we have certainly seen changes as many of our men and women have returned home. We are not in the same OPTEMPO that we were.    But, you know, if you could change something, if you really felt that there is something there that does need to change, not because people are critical or because, you know, you think you just have to do it because somebody is asking for it, but, you know, is there something that really is important? Because, in many ways, I think, we come back to arguing the status quo a little bit even though that status quo is changing somewhat; it is being defined differently.    But, you know, is that important? I mean, do you think there are some things that absolutely should change?    Colonel Place. So, ma'am, let me start this way. I have a fair amount of operational background. I was at a combat support hospital in Afghanistan. I was division surgeon, 101st, at the start of the war in Afghanistan. So I have seen what happens. I am enormously proud of my colleagues up here and all that we represent to achieve that 92 percent survivability rate. When I was in Afghanistan, 98 percent--98 percent of the people that came to us alive left us alive. Enormously proud of that, unprecedented in the history of war.    So I would just urge caution before we begin thoughts of changing that system. I think it works pretty well.    Can it get better? Absolutely, ma'am. I believe that we do need to have more trauma, more diversity, complexity, acuity in our system. It is very hard to have complex surgical cases when you have young, healthy people. So we need to figure out ways to make that happen. But in terms of dramatic changes, no, ma'am, I don't think at this point that I am convinced that that kind of thing is necessary.    Do we have to have better access? Absolutely. We have two community-based medical homes to try and get to where our patients are. We are trying to expand physical therapy at those locations to make it more convenient. We have school-based medical homes, or school-based health clinics, rather, that we are putting in the middle schools and high schools to actually have the kids get care there so they don't have to come out of school.    So I think those are all, you know, innovations that are going to help us in this process. I think we can do those without wholesale change of the system.    Mrs. Davis. Uh-huh.    Anybody else want to comment on that?    Just to follow up really quickly, whether or not we have some more organized ways of helping, you know, for lack of a better term, moonlighting for our men and women to have more formalized connections within communities. There are plenty of communities that do that, but it is more on the initiative of the individual.    Colonel Place. Ma'am, do you want me to answer that or----    Mrs. Davis. Well, let me just make sure, if you want to just----    Colonel Heimall. Ma'am, I think, you know, from a moonlighting standpoint, that is really great for the physician that goes out and is able to practice their trauma skills in a Level I trauma center on a weekend or when they are taking leave, but it doesn't exercise the team that takes care of that patient when the surgeon finishes in the operating room. The operating room nurses, the ICU nurses, the respiratory therapy techs, the folks that manage the blood bank and have to get blood into the operating room during that case don't get to practice their skills.    I think a better model is bring as much of that trauma into the doors of our major facilities as possible and co-locate our deployable platforms, the combat support hospitals, forward surgical teams, the Navy FRSSes at those locations where they can practice those skills every day. But we have to be careful in how we do this.    And I think it gets to Chairman Heck's question, as well. When we make that commitment to a community, whether it is to take our surgical teams and embed them in a civilian hospital or to promise to provide Level II, Level I trauma care inside our facilities, the next time the kinetic activity in the battlefield picks up, are we going to be able to sustain that commitment to the community and to those retirees, family members that we have brought back into our system? And we have to be very, very careful that we do not overpromise, because the first time we sever that relationship, we lose the trust of those beneficiaries as well as that community.    Mrs. Davis. All right. Thank you. My time is up, so maybe we will get back later.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And perhaps I will give Captain Freedman and Colonel Littlefield, if you have something you would like to add to the discussion of: What should change? What would you like to see?    Captain Freedman. Thank you, Ranking Member Davis. When you had asked that question, I had hoped to get to answer it. Because when we talk about change, I am truly excited to be living that change right now, as we look at changing from providing health care to health and bringing patients involved in making decisions. When we are looking at outcomes, we are not looking at productivity models but really getting our populations healthier, which, in the long run, is going to provide a cost-benefit and it is going to be a more able fighting force.    It is truly an exciting time in medicine but particularly in military medicine and MHS as we lead the charge on some of these initiatives.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Colonel.    Colonel Littlefield. Ma'am, I would concur. I would say the focus on prevention, as opposed to taking care of it after the fact, an injury or medical condition; educating the patients on the importance of that, and not just the Active Duty members but the families, the retirees, and just placing the importance on how much more you can save doing that. And the access to care can become an important factor in that, as well, too, when you may not have to rush in to get an appointment if you are taking care.    So I would just say the education on prevention.    Mrs. Davis. Great. Thank you. I appreciate that. And we are seeing a lot of those changes.    Just very quickly, one of the concerns that was expressed here at one point was, shouldn't we have fewer OB/GYNs and more trauma surgeons? You all mentioned--I think most of you mentioned in your remarks that, you know, obviously, that preponderance of physicians are really helping to deliver babies, which is a good thing. But what do you say to people when they say, shouldn't they be doing that in the community?    Colonel Place. Well, I would frame it a little bit differently, ma'am, if I could. I think we have to make sure that we have a broad perspective. You know, we have to respond to all things. So Ebola, a great example. We have professionals whose full-time job is to look at those kinds of tropical and emerging diseases and so forth. We have folks that specialize in disaster management. So there are a lot of other things that, frankly, the Nation is going to ask us to do, and we have to be prepared to do that.    So I always become concerned when we talk about trauma management, and that is the coin of the realm for what we talk about, when most of the care that gets provided in theater is not. I am a family physician, so most of what gets done is what I do. And every now and then, we go do some trauma too.    Being a combat support hospital commander in Helmand province with our British colleagues at Camp Bastion and so forth, I understand trauma and I understand how important it is to do that well. But there are a lot of other things that we have to be very good at.    So I would just urge caution if we say that the thing that is important is trauma, because that is going to leave us a shortfall in a lot of other things.    Colonel Heimall. And, ma'am, I think that is one of the things that really makes military medicine unique compared to a civilian healthcare system. Increasingly, as Ms. Tsongas pointed out, larger numbers of women serving in our force. One of the things that we are seeing is an increase in the number of new cancer diagnoses among our forces every year. A portion of those are gynecological cancers. It gives us an opportunity to be able to manage that from a readiness perspective with those providers and our force.    As Colonel Place said, he is a family physician. Oftentimes, the first physician that a wounded soldier or sailor or service member sees on the battlefield is going to be a pediatrician or a family physician or a cardiologist who is in a battalion aid station.    We ask those providers to go through advanced trauma life support and tactical combat casualty care, and then we ask them to actually execute that on the battlefield. Our civilian counterparts do not do that with their pediatricians and their cardiologists and their internists.    Mrs. Davis. Right. Yeah.    Captain Freedman. And I would like to point out that taking care of families impacts readiness. It is not just a benefit. This truly impacts the readiness of our Nation. I bring our commanding generals from Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune to our centering room for pregnancy so he can see what happens to the family members, because that is truly a concern of his because he knows that impacts readiness. So I think that that is important.    And the other piece that we do incredibly well in military medicine is as providers to give disposition to the line commanders. That doesn't happen in the civilian communities. You can get a diagnosis, but a disposition--does this marine or sailor or soldier, airman, do they need to be on light duty? Can they carry a weapon? Can they do their mission? You can't learn that overnight. That has to be brought up in the system. So I think we are very proud to be able to do that.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Thank you all.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.