    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Secretary, we had a hearing a few weeks ago, and the nuclear inspection model of South Africa came up. And the assertion was made that South Africa might be the ideal model for unannounced, unpredicted complete access. Anytime, anywhere--you name it--we get to inspect, and South Africa has agreed to that.    Have we thought about using the South Africa model for IAE inspections with respect to our negotiations with Iran?    Mr. Connolly. I think some of us would be very interested in hearing more about that as you proceed.    You have counseled us to keep our powder dry. After all, there is no agreement yet. I think you surely--having been in Congress as long as you were in Congress, you can understand, however, that there is anxiety while waiting, a means that I am handed a fait accompli. We don't amend the agreement.    Meanwhile, we have the head of another Government coming to speak to Congress under circumstances that, in my view, are shameful, but, nonetheless, he's coming. And he's not keeping his powder dry.    And he is somebody, as the ranking member indicated, with an existential concern about this. And he says that is going to be a bad agreement, ``It is so bad, that is why I am coming to speak to Congress. I have got to go over the heads of the Secretary of State and the President of the United States and plead with Congress and the American public to derail this agreement because it is going to threaten Israel and, frankly, other nations in the region.'' So he's not keeping his powder dry, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Connolly. He's not keeping his powder dry. And it is awfully hard for us to pretend he is.    Mr. Connolly. It is his criticism I am asking you to address.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    My other question has to do with the Minsk agreement. Since Minsk won, there have been over 300 violations, according to the European Union, and, in part, Minsk II exists because Minsk I kind of melted away with Russian aggression.    Is Minsk the right framework for us, given Russian aggression, given what has just happened in eastern Ukraine? And does it sufficiently address the illegal annexation which should never be recognized of the Crimea? Doesn't all of this flow from the fact that perhaps the West was a little slow in responding to what happened in Crimea?