    Mr. Jarvis. Chairman Fleming, Ranking Member Huffman, and distinguished committee members, thank you for giving me this opportunity to share my concerns and thoughts that represent those of thousands of businessmen in northwest Florida and the Gulf of Mexico who are tied to the professional fishing and tourism industry.    For the past 39 years, I have fished for red snapper and other species recreationally and commercially, and have run a highly successful charter-for-hire operation. I am now an investing partner and owner with my two sons in three waterfront seafood restaurants in Destin. I represent my own small business and over 80 charter operators as the president of the Destin Charter Boat Association, the largest federally-permitted for-hire fleet in the Gulf of Mexico. I am also a board member of the Northwest Florida Chapter of the Florida Restaurant and Lodging Association, which has more than a million members in the state.    I want to make clear that this legislation is very controversial among Gulf fishermen, restaurant owners, and others involved in the seafood industry throughout the United States. Many of us strongly believe that if Congress passes this bill, it will harm small coastal businesses, tourism, and the red snapper fishery itself.    I question the need for H.R. 3094 when existing provisions in the Magnuson-Stevens Act are capable of addressing every issue this bill claims to fix. In fact, the rebuilding progress due to MSA has been so effective that this year the annual catch limit for red snapper increased by 30 percent, bringing landings from 11 million pounds to over 14. That is more than two times the entire annual catch limit of 5.1 million pounds in 2005. This increase is a result of uniform Gulf-wide management, and it happens even with the states actively working against Federal management by opening longer seasons in their state waters.    The MSA has been the gold standard of resource management for 40 years. This bill would take a single species of fish out of the MSA under the guise that somehow individual coastal states can manage it better. This proposal would give five state wildlife directors total control over a valuable fishery, and create a system with less oversight, fewer checks and balances, fewer resources, fewer science protocols, and little to no stakeholder input. A three-member voting body could dictate winners and losers in the red snapper fishery. And, for our fleet, that is worrisome.    There are no specifics in this bill to show how the states will pay to duplicate stock assessment resources for one species. This plan is a monetary black hole and creates inefficiencies and bureaucracies that do not make good sense. There has been no proof that this would actually result in better management. In my opinion, H.R. 3094 will open the door for special interests, political malfeasance by taking red snapper management out from under the oversight of congressional stewardship and Federal law.    Proponents of this bill do not offer any road map for how H.R. 3094 is to address failures in the Federal management of red snapper by the Gulf Council and the five Gulf states. They already have significant influence in management decisions through the Gulf Council.    This legislation stems from the so-called problem that was created, in part, by the states themselves. The states continue to extend red snapper season in their waters, despite the majority of the red snapper biomass existing in Federal waters. These state policies have only hurt the private angling fishing experience. And now, much of the yearly recreational allocation is caught in state waters, while Federal waters are closed, blocking our charter customers' access to the fishery.    The federally-permitted commercial and charter-for-hire sectors have worked tirelessly through the Regional Council process and under Federal law to develop fishery management plans that will work to increase public access to the red snapper fishery, to promote tourism, commerce, and successful fishing businesses Gulf-wide. It is only the private boat lobby and their state agencies who want to circumvent Federal law to suit their own needs, without coming up with any concrete solutions. The recreational angler organizations have the same opportunities and the same capabilities as we do to work through the Council process.    H.R. 3094 is a private boat lobby's attempt to take a public resource from the majority of our Nation's citizens to create an elite, private angler fishery. Most Americans cannot afford blue water fishing boats that cost $75,000 to $300,000 to access red snapper. That is another reason why we object to this legislation. We feel all Americans should have a form of affordable access to wild-caught Gulf seafood, whether on a plate or at the end of a pole aboard an affordable charter trip.    Remember, our businesses are the access portal of federally-managed species for the majority of the U.S. population and your constituents. The entire allocation for charter-for-hire and commercial fishing companies are caught or consumed by the U.S. public. For these reasons we want no part of H.R. 3094 or the attempt by the private boat lobby to rob our for-hire customers and seafood consumers of their historical access to this Nation's fishery resource.    On behalf of the Destin Charter Boat Association, and in my individual capacity as a northwest Florida businessman and community representative, I respectfully ask the subcommittee members to end this attempt to circumvent the MSA and to keep the Gulf red snapper fishery under Federal management. Thank you.    Mr. Jarvis. When you have five voting members and you only need three votes to dictate what takes place in the management process, there is a level of politics that may not be part of the public process, and three state directors get together to make things work better for their three states at the expense of two others. I have grave concerns that that could take place on a variety of issues under this bill.    Mr. Jarvis. As Federal permit holders, we have to be held to the higher standard of Federal regulations. Included in that Federal regulation is 30B, which was instituted by the Gulf Council in 2008 or 2009. It required that we had to fall under the Federal season, regardless of the state action. So, from that point forward, every time the states start extending their season, it was like a nuclear option to us.    Our fishing access started being reduced at a great rate, and that is part of the reason we were able to get industry support for amendment 40, pulling ourselves out of that environment in 2014, prior to amendment 40 being passed. The charter-for-hire sector caught 21 percent of the resource and, prior to that, for over 26 years, we were averaging 62 percent of the resource. So, as soon as the state water loophole came into effect, the American public that do not own boats, but access the fishery on our federally-permitted vessels, started to be squeezed out of the fisheries.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you for the question, Congressman. That is exactly right.    We hear about the 11-day season, but we have not heard about the 365-day season. So private recreational anglers really got a windfall with the state non-compliance. If those states would have been compliant, I think, if I remember correctly, the Federal recreational season for private-boat anglers would have been close to 30 days this past season in 2015. It was the fact that most of that allocation of harvest was being done in state waters that reduced their fishing days to only 11.    So, in essence, in Florida, they got 11 days of Federal water fishery, but they also got a 70-day season in state waters. So, in actuality, they got an 81-day season.    Mr. Jarvis. It is real apparent, especially in the summer time, that people are going to fish, whether red snapper are open or closed. There are over 27 reef fish species in the Gulf of Mexico, so there is plenty to fish for. Even when we had a situation this year where amberjack, gag grouper, triggerfish, and red snapper were closed, there was still angling opportunity. What you find, though, is that it just makes it more difficult, maybe, to get your targeted species if you are trying to catch grouper or vermilion snapper, and you have the bycatch mortality release.    The key ingredient, as far as the private boat and the charter-for-hire experience, the main biomass of these fish are outside of these state waters. So if a state decides to make their anglers fish the majority of the time in state waters, and not give them maximum opportunity in Federal waters, it actually reduces their enjoyment and their ability to catch a larger fish, or a trophy fish, and that kind of thing. So, it is almost like they are penalizing them.    In the state of Florida, only the northern part of the state has a 9-mile fishery. So 17 counties in Florida actually have no 9-mile fishery at all with the state non-compliance.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you for your question, Congressman. I would not call it irresponsible management. Those states felt that they could give their anglers an opportunity in state waters to fish. In our state, that decision of how many days at the meetings was not really based in science. Most state waters cannot take a season of these durations.    Mr. Jarvis. Yes.    Mr. Jarvis. Yes, sir.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you for the question, Congressman. In our restaurants, we serve only IFQ red snapper and grouper. We also serve other, what we call bycatch fish, caught from the Gulf of Mexico--trigger fish, amberjack, bearded brotula, the name of the restaurant, which is a deepwater fish. Our Brotula's happens to be a seafood house and steamer, and part of the steamer experience is using snow crab, king crab, Dungeness crab. So we access--we really take pride in the fact--and, because I am a fisherman--that we serve----    Mr. Jarvis. Sir, we do have red snapper. It is called pan-crusted snapper. It is on our menu every day. It is on our permanent menu.    Mr. Jarvis. It is a wonderful dish.    Mr. Jarvis. In Venice, Louisiana, I have a lot of friends that operate out of there. They are mainly a blue-water fishery, concentrating on tunas, wahoos, and the offshore species. The reef fish complex is just a bycatch fishery for them when they have a tough day if the tunas do not bite. A lot of those guys in the Venice Marina are not engaged in this whole red snapper controversy, because it is not all that important to them, unlike in my fleet, or in the Orange Beach Charter Boat Association, or the Mississippi Charter Boat Association, or the entire Texas fleet, where red snapper is a staple of our business, sir. So that is the difference, probably, in that deal.    I think it was pointed out that some of the questioning, how the survey questions were laid up, it may have an impact----    Mr. Jarvis. I can tell you that fishermen across the country have supported taxes on themselves, on their tackle, on their gear that they buy--a lot of money--in the tune of $1.5 billion to go back into habitat work and fishing enhancement projects around the country. So fishermen support the betterment of habitat all across the country through these very significant taxes.