    Mr.  Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is my pleasure to welcome and to introduce Mr. Dan Larkin from my hometown of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Mr. Larkin served in the FBI for more than 24 years and established the first cyber fusion unit for the Federal Government, enabling government and law enforcement to effectively co-locate with subject matter experts from industry and academia. This unit substantially enhances resource sharing to the mutual benefit of all participants. Private sector partners include numerous financial services organizations, telecommunications, technology, and e-commerce. Law enforcement partners include a growing list of Federal, State, and local agencies, as well as international investigators from more than a dozen countries.    Mr. Larkin also developed one of the first high-tech crime task forces in the United States. This unique collaboration of assets also led to the development of the first national public-private alliance to identify and combat cybercrime. It is known as the National Cyber Forensics and Training Alliance. Mr. Larkin also co-authored the FBI National Cybercrime Strategy in 2002.    Again, it is my pleasure to welcome Mr. Larkin here today. And I am sure that we will all benefit from his experience and expertise on these important issues.    Mr.  Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Larkin, I would like to talk a little bit with you. CyFin, one of the National Cyber Forensics and Training Alliances' initiative-based models, is dedicated to identifying, mitigating, and neutralizing cyber threats targeted at the financial services industry. As I understand it, the initiative has grown to include more than 75 members and played a key role in developing and advancing significant investigations by domestic and international law enforcement agencies. This has resulted in millions of dollars in compromised accounts that had been secured before financial losses could occur. CyFin and the NCFTA generally seem to be great examples of private-public partnerships and the benefits of information sharing. Do you know whether these instructions are being replicated anywhere?    Mr.  Rothfus. Would there be anything that would inhibit the development of such other organizations?    Mr.  Rothfus. Mr. Modell, you mentioned in your testimony that there should be greater oversight of correspondent banking between financial institutions and foreign entities. I agree that correspondent accounts present a great challenge. And I would be interested to hear whether you have any specific recommendations on policy changes to address this issue or suggestions on how this greater oversight might be structured.    Mr.  Rothfus. Yes.    Mr.  Rothfus. Thank you.    If I could just pop back to Mr. Modell for a second. You suggest that informational operations campaigns should be used to educate the public on how terrorist organizations move their illicit money and to embarrass foreign governments, businesses, and individuals in an effort to keep them out of corrupt financial systems. You suggest that this is particularly appropriate for Iran. And as we consider the Iran deal, we know that part of the deal, as Congressman Pittenger reminded us, is that many Iranian banks, companies, and individuals will be delisted for purposes of both U.S. and international sanctions. Some have suggested that this delisting brings new legitimacy to these entities, even if they are part of the Islamic revolutionary guard corps. With that in mind, how harmful do you think the nuclear agreement will be to this effort of keeping people out of the corrupt Iranian financial system?    Mr.  Rothfus. Would businesses in Europe, China, and Russia--really, are they going to be shamed out of entering the Iranian marketplace?