    Mr. Ashford. Yes, thank you. And I would like to reflect just a bit as well, and I will be brief.    Nebraska is a state where the TransCanada pipeline has now ceased to go. In Nebraska, we struggled with trying to move the pipeline, and Kevin knows about this, and David. We have a little bit of history on the pipeline part of this or the construction job part of this.    But I also want to talk about the speech very quickly that David Scott gave on the floor, because I was only in the Congress a week or so when David gave that speech. And I have been working in my community for 35 years with the African American community, ran a housing authority, did work there, and have been struggling with how do we put together, as Representative Cramer aptly says, put together the job opportunities with the unemployment rates that are so staggering.    And when David gave that speech, and I was listening. I just, again, had been there just a brief time, maybe 2 weeks. I didn't know David very well. I didn't know anybody at that time. And I went up to David. I said, ``David, that was truly the greatest speech I have ever heard on the issue, because it, in fact, identified in clear language a problem and a crisis and an issue of black male unemployment between 18 and 39,'' something I have struggled with in my community my entire adult life, trying to find that way out. And I said, ``David, this is great, I want to get on this deal.''    So we talked to Kevin Cramer and all the other cosponsors got involved. But of all the pieces of legislation I have been involved in all my years of legislative experience in Nebraska and a few years here, this is really one that I am most proud of, because it really is, and combined with the scholarships, is just an ingenious merging together of the education with jobs and with the mentoring piece.    And I just want to take this opportunity in my last day or so here in Congress to underline my appreciation to the three of you, certainly, and to David for his eloquence that got me going 2 years ago on this issue.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Ms. Adams, 5 minutes.