    Mr. Glaser. Chairman Poe, Chairman Wilson, Ranking Members Keating and Langevin, thank you for inviting me to testify on our efforts to combat terrorist financing. Disrupting the flow of funds to terrorists and terrorist organizations is an integral part of our broader strategy to combat terrorism. Treasury is in a unique position to advance these efforts.    At its core, combating terrorist financing consists of two interrelated objectives. First, cutting terrorists off from their sources of revenue so they cannot make money; second, denying them access to the international financial system so they cannot use the money they have.    We accomplish these goals by improving financial transparency globally so that terrorists cannot anonymously raise, move, and use funds without detection, and then identifying, disrupting, and dismantling the networks supporting terrorist organizations.    We have a range of tools available to us to do so. Financial measures, such as targeted sanctions and section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act, law enforcement actions, and engagement with foreign partners in the private sector. The combined effect of these efforts is to create an international financial system that is a hostile environment for terrorist financing.    I would like to briefly summarize our efforts to disrupt the financial networks of three prominent terrorist organizations: ISIL, al-Qaeda, and Hezbollah. I will speak first to ISIL, the vast majority of whose revenue, estimated at almost $1 billion in 2015, is derived internally from a combination of oil sales and extortion of the population and commercial activity under its control. The fact that these sources of revenue are derived from ISIL's control of territory has meant that military action has been an important component of our response.    Under Operation Title Wave II, the coalition directly targeted ISIL's entire oil supply chain and destroyed tens of millions and possibly more than $100 million of ISIL's bulk cash. Our response, however, has been broader than military action. For example, the Government of Iraq decided in August 2015 to ban the distribution of government salaries into ISIL-held areas, thereby eliminating ISIL's ability to tax these substantial funds. Additionally, we have worked closely with the Central Bank of Iraq to secure Iraq's financial system from access by ISIL.    Turning now to al-Qaeda. Al-Qaeda remains a critical threat to the United States, and we continue to aggressively target the organization around the world. Al-Qaeda has historically received funds from within Gulf countries, safe haven in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and now is increasingly present in Yemen and Syria. We have made significant progress targeting al-Qaeda's financing in concert with our partners internationally. However, the terrorist financing risk emanating from the Gulf remains a priority.    Collectively, Gulf countries have pursued a wide range of actions, including implementing targeted financial measures and prosecuting terrorists for financing al-Qaeda, but considerable work remains to be done to ensure that terrorist financiers are unable to raise and move funds within Gulf countries. And we are committed to working with our partners in the region to see that this is done.    Our efforts have not been limited solely to the Gulf. Treasury has continued to work toward disrupting and dismantling terrorist financial networks in Afghanistan and Pakistan as well. We have aggressively used Treasury tools to limit al-Qaeda funding streams, designating over 140 individuals affiliated with al-Qaeda and other terrorist organizations throughout Afghanistan and Pakistan.    It is important to remember, however, that before al-Qaeda's attack on 9/11, Hezbollah had killed more Americans than any other terrorist organization in history, and it continues to plot terrorist attacks around the world. Hezbollah receives the majority of its funding, hundreds of millions of dollars, from Iran, as well as millions of dollars from a global network of supporters and businesses.    Our approach has focused on targeting Hezbollah both within Lebanon, constraining it financially through extensive cooperation with Lebanese authorities and banks, and globally, by targeting its procurement agents and financiers in Europe, Latin America, East Asia, and the Middle East.    Identifying and sanctioning Hezbollah's Iranian sponsors and enabling law enforcement and foreign partner actions, our toolkit to impose targeted measures against Hezbollah was recently expanded with the passage of Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015, or HIFPA. HIFPA represents a continuation of our policy to financially weaken Hezbollah. Foremost in ensuring our implementation of HIFPA is our close collaboration with the Central Bank of Lebanon and private Lebanese financial institutions, which are adhering to this legislation--which are adhering to this legislation to Hezbollah's great consternation.    We intend to implement HIFPA robustly in a manner that is consistent with preserving the strength and health of the Lebanese financial system and that does not target any specific community or sect. Our implementation intends to target one group and one group only: Hezbollah, the organization, its members, the entities it owns and controls.    While new terrorist financing challenges will surely emerge, Treasury and its interagency partners will continue to employ a range of measures to identify, disrupt, and dismantle terrorist financial networks and work to identify and close loopholes that terrorists and other illicit actors can use to access the international financial system.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.    Mr. Glaser. Yes, charities raise money for terrorist groups.    Mr. Glaser. No, I would be happy to name names. I don't have the names at the tip of my tongue, but as recently as March 31 of this year, we designated two charities in Pakistan and Afghanistan who are actively involved in terrorist financing.    Mr. Glaser. There have been domestic charities that have been designated and prosecuted for terrorist financing. Holy Land Foundation is probably the largest example of that.    Mr. Glaser. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    We have very close cooperation, as you stated, with the Europeans on our SWIFT program----    Mr. Glaser. I am sorry.    Mr. Glaser. I apologize, Congressman.    We do have very close cooperation with the Europeans on the SWIFT program, and privacy issues are frequently brought up as part of that conversation. But we have always managed to work through those issues, and our cooperation with the Europeans remains very strong on that program.    Mr. Glaser. Well, I don't have anything specifically to say about illicit tobacco trade. I am sure it is a source of organized crime proceeds. I have not seen any indication that it is a significant source of terrorist financing proceeds. Certainly, our anti-money-laundering regulatory and criminal regime would cover any proceeds of that----    Mr. Glaser. Well, I do believe ISIL does derive proceeds from human trafficking. I would say it is more in the order of criminal networks that are involved in human trafficking that operate in ISIL territory and that ISIL would tax or charge fees for allowing them to participate in that activity.    Mr. Glaser. Certainly, the use of virtual currency--Bitcoin, prepaid cards, things like that--are emerging challenges for us. We have revised our anti-money-laundering regulations to require a certain amount of transparency with respect to how those financial products operate.    The European Union has not done so yet. I have actually traveled to Brussels to have detailed discussions with them on this issue, and they are looking at a variety of reforms that they could make, actually very, very similar to the types of steps that we have taken.    It is true that there are examples of terrorist organizations, including ISIL, using these types of products, but I have to say, I don't think that it represents a systemic threat at this time. I think there are other ways that these organizations use to move funds that are far more significant for them.    Mr. Glaser. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    So, just to speak about how the Treasury Department is organized for a moment and then to speak more broadly about the United States Government, the Treasury Department is actually unique among all finance ministries in the world in that we have one office, run by an under secretary at the Treasury Department, that brings together all of the expertise, all the resources, all the tools, all the authorities, all the contacts that we have as a finance ministry and puts them for the singular purpose of advancing U.S. national security, using financial tools to advance U.S. national security.    We are the only finance ministry in the world with our own all-source intelligence office. We have a sanctions implementation office, we have my office, which is a policy office, and we have a financial intelligence unit, FinCEN, all under one roof. And it gives us a huge range of unique expertise and unique capabilities that we have to put at the disposal of the United States Government.    I do think that we are actually quite well-coordinated across the United States Government. As I said in my opening statement, there are two components of our efforts against terrorist financing. The first component is the systemic component, the regulatory component, making sure that the international financial system and our financial system is transparent and is well-regulated and that it does not provide opportunities for terrorist groups, organized crime groups, or drug trafficking groups or any other group--Iran, rogue regimes--to gain access to the financial system.    That is largely an effort of coordination among the Treasury Department, among regulators, among law enforcement. And we have a number of groups that allow us to do that. Most importantly--and, I should say, in partnership with the private sector. And we have groups like the Bank Secrecy Act Advisory Group for that. We had an anti-money-laundering task force, along with the regulators. There are a number of groups that allow us to coordinate on that.    The second part is the targeted part, the operational part of identifying and undermining terrorist organizations. And, again, I feel the government is well-coordinated on that. The National Counterterrorism Center within the intelligence community organizes intelligence analysis with respect to terrorism broadly. My counterpart within Treasury, the head of our intelligence office, Leslie Ireland, Assistant Secretary for Intelligence Analysis, is also the intelligence community's mission manager for illicit finance.    And then, on an organization-by-organization basis, whether it is Hezbollah, whether it is ISIL, whether it is al-Qaeda, there is any number of coordination processes that are run by the NFC that allow us all to get together and make that sure that we are well-coordinated on the issue.    Mr. Glaser. I think that Turkey has stepped up its efforts on the counter-smuggling side. I do think Turkey, as was discussed earlier, has work to do on its financial system in terms of implementing its terrorist financing laws and making sure that its financial system is not available to ISIL.    Mr. Glaser. I don't think----    Mr. Glaser. No, I will answer your question directly.    I do not think ISIL receives state sponsorship--I do not think ISIL receives state sponsorship from any country. I think Iran is the number-one state-sponsor of terrorism in the world, and they sponsor Hezbollah. I do not think----    Mr. Glaser . ISIL receives state sponsorship.    Mr. Glaser. I do not think Qatar is a state sponsor of ISIS, no.    Mr. Glaser. Thank you for the question.    With respect to Turkey, in terms of the things that I think that they are doing well, I think that Turkey has stepped up its counter-smuggling efforts along the border. And I think that they have done that significantly, and I think it has had an impact.    Mr. Glaser. I am going to have to get back to you with----    Mr. Glaser. Right. Well, I think the areas where I would say Turkey has a lot of work to do is in taking steps to deny ISIL access to its financial system, to its financial institutions. We have an active information exchange program with the Turks. We are in close communication with them to make sure that they understand what we understand with respect to the access that terrorist organizations may have to certain institutions, and I think it is important for Turkey to follow up on that information.    Mr. Glaser. Yes.    Mr. Glaser. You cannot engage in dollar transactions with Iran.    Mr. Glaser. I would have to go back and find the answer out to that for you.    Mr. Glaser. No, I do not know. I do not know what currency was----    Mr. Glaser. No, I don't think that would be a fair thing to say. I----    Mr. Glaser . Think that we are doing everything that we can to attack ISIL's finances. I think----    Mr. Glaser. So ISIL got its hands on a lot of U.S. military equipment----    Mr. Glaser . When they won battles in an ongoing war. I don't think it would be accurate to say that the United States is providing ISIL military equipment. I think----    Mr. Glaser . It would be accurate----    Mr. Glaser . To say the United States is----    Mr. Glaser . Actively engaged in military operations against ISIL.    Mr. Glaser. Yes, I understand the question. The fact of the matter is that that was not a ransom paid for hostages. We have been very consistent in our policy of no payment of ransom for hostages. And this is something that we have worked very closely with countries on around the world to ensure that there is a global agreement, a global consensus that payment of ransom for hostages is not an appropriate response to----