    Mr. Levine. Thank you, Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and members of the subcommittee.    I am Peter Levine, and I am the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. Two years ago, this committee enacted legislation which will merge the offices of the DCMO and CIO. However, that legislation does not take effect until the beginning of the next administration, so until that time, the CIO, Mr. Halvorsen, will remain the responsible official within OSD for IT, cybersecurity, and many of the other issues addressed in your letter of invitation.    The DCMO's role, until such time as this merger takes place, is limited to reviewing and approving of investments in IT business systems. We do thank you in that regard for last year's NDAA , in which you substantially streamlined and gave us more flexibility in the way we do this. We intend to use this flexibility in several ways.    First, we intend to change our focus from the discrete review of each individual small investment and focus more on portfolios, so we can be more forward-looking in our management of business systems. Second, we plan to focus much more on return on investment, so that we can ensure that when we invest in business systems, we actually realize the benefits that we should be able to get out of them, that we actually turn off the legacy systems and reduce manning, where we can develop more efficient and less manpower-intensive processes.    And finally, we are going to work to develop a streamlined process for business systems where we can align our business systems investment process, our CIO process, and our acquisition process into a single process so that we don't have to sequentially go through one after the other and put the program manager through recurring hoops as we go forward.    We are firmly committed to working with you as we try to make the business systems process more efficient and to improve the Department's investment process and look forward to your questions.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Levine. I will give the gentle answer, which is not enough money. And I will defer to Mr. Halvorsen as to the IT budget specifically.    Mr. Levine. With regard to the business process re-engineering, we definitely have less of a role in that than we would have if the entire mission had been transferred to the Department of Defense. However, it was never going to be entirely the Department of Defense in any case because as you know the DNI establishes security clearance policy, so we are always going to have to work with outside agencies and reconcile differences with outside agencies.    We are undertaking with the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence to re-engineer the DOD part of the process. We are looking at continuous evaluation. We are looking at other measures to streamline our organization and streamline our part of the process. And we do still have a piece--significant pieces of the process. It is the investigation piece that OPM has, but not the entirety of the process.    As we do that, we will see places where we are going to want help, we are going to want changes in the OPM piece of the process, and we will have to work that through the interagency, because we don't control it, but we will work it through the interagency process.    Mr. Levine. I would say that as the DCMO, my responsibility is finding efficiencies. I am not actually looking for more money. The Department is looking for more money. I am trying to identify efficiencies within the Department where I can free up money so that we can invest more in the long-range science and technology programs and force structure and things that we need to keep our force ready to go today and ready to go in the future. That is where I need more money.    I would defer to Mr. Halvorsen as to specific IT investments.    Mr. Levine. The answer is yes. Improved business systems, improved financial management systems definitely make an impact. We are much closer today to being auditable than we were 10 years ago. A significant part of that is because of the ERP investment. But there are many, many hurdles we have to get over that are not IT, and IT can't solve it by itself.    We have policy issues that we have been kicking down the road 10 years that now that we are facing a 2017 deadline, we are finally getting people to be serious about and say, hey, yeah, we actually have to make those decisions, we have to figure out how we are going to go about that.    So the DCMO co-chairs the governance board, the FIAR governance board, which is responsible for trying to drive the Department toward audit with the Comptroller, with Mike McCord. And since I arrived at the Department about 10 months ago, we have been trying--we have set the Department on a program of identifying what our key interim milestones are that we need to hit in order to become auditable.    We have identified a lot of things that should have been addressed 5 years ago or 10 years ago, but we are trying to chip away at them one at a time, and we think that the deadline is extremely constructive in pushing us toward that objective.    The Department seems to have an infinite ability to kick things down the stream and facing a deadline that is 2 years away really helps focus the attention.    Mr. Levine. It is October 1, 2017. I guess we can--a year and a half is what that is, yes, sir.    Mr. Levine. When I came before the Senate Armed Services Committee for my nomination hearing about almost exactly a year ago, I testified that I had never been confident the Department was going to meet the deadline, and I couldn't change my position just because I was testifying for confirmation.    So I can't change my story now. I am skeptical that we will have done everything we need to do. But I am going to push as hard as I possibly can to get us there.    Mr. Levine. I will say that the people that opened the e-mail have been identified, and we have looked at the reasons why, and in some cases, we did some remediation. In other cases, they had followed the right procedures, up to a point, and we needed to do some more training. That has been put in place to do that, but I would also say that was also one that was caught very quickly.    We had very limited exposure--still would like to do better--but the system and when you look at the volume of e-mail traffic that comes into DOD, how many we get, and the number of people that click, great improvement. We are certainly holding people accountable to a higher standard now.    We have signed out the cyber accountability culture document that was signed by DEPSECDEF . Myself, Frank Kendall, and Mike Rogers have signed out the accountability procedures document to make it down to the individual and command level, so I think we have made progress in that area.    I don't think identifying any more individuals at any more level would be helpful right now.    Mr. Levine. First, we don't just not have a stellar record. We have a horrendous record of deploying business systems. I think that of all the things that we do badly, that is one of the ones we do the worst.    So there are a number of things that we need to do on our side of the river to do better. One of the things that we need to do is to recognize the business systems themselves are not going to solve our problems, that what we need to look at is the processes that we are automating, so that if you try to automate an old process without looking at it and figuring out how it works, you are doomed to failure.    We have tried many times to buy an off-the-shelf system and then said to the users of the system--well, have the users of the system come in and tell us, well, that is not exactly the data we want. We want this other data, because that is what we have actually used, and we start tearing apart the guts of an off-the-shelf system. And before you know it, we have spent five times as much to re-engineer the system and to rebuild the system as the cost of the system itself.    We have to control our own appetite, and that is something that we are working on within the Department. In terms of what you could do to help us--so one thing that I would say that you could do to help us, that I hope you will think about, is as we look at the process that we have to go through for business systems, right now, as I said, we are going to try to work with the acquisition community to re-engineer that, because we have a system where we go through an investment review process, we identify a potential solution, and it may be like a $20 million fix to a problem where you do a tinker with an existing system.    We then have to throw it over the threshold, over the transom to the acquisition community that may set up a program office that in itself would cost $20 million, and they will come to us with a solution which is, let's build a whole new system from scratch. Well, that is crazy.    So we are going to try to re-engineer that within the Department. There may be places where we come to you for assistance in doing that re-engineering. And there is one place in particular I would point to, which is right now for what I presume are historic reasons, we have one set of thresholds for what are called major defense acquisition programs .    We have another set of thresholds for what are called major automated information systems programs. MDAPs and MAIS's. The MAIS thresholds are way, way lower, an order of--I don't know, a couple of orders of magnitude lower than the thresholds for MDAPs, but we treat them as the same thing.    What that means is, that when we have an IT--a business system investment, we trigger a process on the acquisition side which is as big and as clumsy as the process we have on the acquisition side when we are buying an aircraft carrier or a fighter aircraft or something like that. And if you are buying a business system, I am not sure that makes sense.    And so I think if you would look at where you treat MAIS systems and MDAPs the same and whether you need to treat them in the same way in legislation, I think that is something constructive that could help us in streamlining our own internal processes.    Mr. Levine. We have a problem with security clearances across the Department of Defense and across the industry. And the problem with prioritizing is how many competing priorities we have. So, yes, that would be a priority, but I can't look across the Department of Defense and say we don't have a dozen other priorities that are at least equal to that. I mean, the number of priorities we have is extraordinary.    The security clearance problem is a problem not only for IT professionals, but also for contractors who are working on weapons systems. It is a problem for the hiring process within the Department of Defense.    That is why we are working to re-engineer our internal processes and why we hope that we will be allowed to help re-engineer some of the OPM processes, as well, as we go forward with this. One of the things that we are very hopeful for is continuous evaluation as a tool that will help speed things up and lower the burdens.    But I have got to say, right now we are runnning continuous evaluation as a pilot program, which means we are running it in addition to all the other requirements. And we are hoping that we can prove it out so it can be a substitute for some of the requirements that we are going to expedite. We are not there yet.    But it is a hard question, not just for this area, and I don't think the Department can afford to solve it by carving off one universe and treating them better, because the other universes of people we need to get through the security clearance process are also vital to our national security.