    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Greetings. I had the opportunity to review the testimony in advance, and I would like to ask a question for each of you to address. I think one of the main concerns, at least one of mine, I think maybe probably for most others, is how to improve the collaboration between VR&E, VHA, and other parts of the VBA to reduce overlap and improve performance?    Can you share with me where you see the greatest opportunities are for increased collaboration, and how would you improve collaboration to enhance services provided by VR&E?    Mr. Costello. Thank you.    Mr. Varela, in previous testimony, you mentioned that VR&E's focus is primarily aligned with education and training as opposed to immediate employment. And whether that is precisely what you said or what you alluded to, that is not--I am not going at you with that, but with that as context, how do you think that the VA can better incentivize the employment track? Mindful that veterans, like everyone else, has financial commitments and limited resources, and we are the economic opportunity subcommittee, can you share with me how we may be able to better focus on an employment track within the context of what we are talking about?    Mr. Costello. I try and be soft.    Mr. Costello. Thank you.    Mr. Costello. Mr. Charlip, do you have any way to track how many participants that were referred to DOL by VR&E received a job as a direct result of services received from DVOP, LVER, or other DOL-funded staff? I know there are a lot of acronyms in there.    Mr. Costello. Okay. Next question. Mr. Kammerer, why do you think veterans discontinue from using VR&E services as reflected in the longitudinal study, and what are you doing to increase program retention rates?    Mr. Costello. Thank you.    Back to Mr. Charlip. Following up on my first question, how have you been able to track how many participants that were referred to DOL by VR&E received a job offer as a direct result of their services?    Mr. Costello. And what are the trend lines showing?    Mr. Costello. Okay. Thank you.    No further questions.