    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me also thank the distinguished Ranking Member of the entire Committee. Mr. Graber, in 2008 our economy collapsed, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Right. In fact, it was the worst economic crisis that this country has experienced since the Great Depression, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And millions of Americans lost their homes as a result of this financial collapse. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. And this collapse was in large measure triggered by the reckless behavior of some financial institutions engaged in the mortgage-backed securities market, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Right. I think economists who are in any way objective about what happened have indicated that that was a large part of the economic trauma that this country experienced, in fact is an extraordinary experience. We are discussing an ordinary remedy to deal with what was an extraordinary experience. And so, I am not quite clear what the controversy is.    But in response to this economic collapse, the Department of Justice initiated these lawsuits against financial institutes who were in part responsible for this economic trauma, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, we are discussing settlements against three major financial institutions where an extraordinary amount of money was secured as a result of the behavior that was conducted, true?    Mr. Jeffries. And can you give me that number again?    Mr. Jeffries. And is it fair to say that the overwhelming majority of this money secured by the Department of Justice independent of any congressional action--I am not aware of Members of Congress participating in the litigation--that the overwhelming majority of this funding went to direct consumer relief for everyday Americans who were harmed by the behavior of these financial institutions triggering the economic collapse, correct? The overwhelming majority went to everyday Americans. Is that true?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. Let me enter into the record, with the distinguished Chairman's approval and unanimous consent, if that be issued, a statement by the Center for American Progress dated February 12, 2015.    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you. Now, is it in fact the case that with respect to the Bank of America and Citigroup settlements, only .3 percent of the settlement funds were to be directed toward housing counseling? Is that true?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. And there is some dispute I gather as to whether this housing counseling is of benefit to the American people. But there are over a million homes that are still in foreclosure in America right now, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. And is it true that of those who go through the National Foreclosure Mitigation Counseling Program, they are 3 times more likely to receive a loan modification? Does that sound right to you?    Mr. Jeffries. And 70 percent, in fact, of individuals who go through counseling will stay on track in terms of their payment, a far greater number than those who do not receive this type of counseling. So I just want to thank the Department of Justice for the tremendous work you have done in securing these robust settlements, holding these financial institutions responsible for the collapse of our economy and triggering the Great Recession accountable, and for diverting some of the money legally to these organizations providing a good service. And I yield back.