    Mr. Welch. OK, thank you very much.    I have one comment and four questions, so I will go lickety-split. And I think I will ask them all four so you can answer them.    The comment, you have been getting praised for being a great Secretary of Energy, and sideline as a nuclear negotiator, but I don't think people know that you do the best imitation of Luis Tiant, his windup, delivery, and pitch. And I think all members should ask for a demonstration. But----    Mr. Welch. The look to God. The whole thing.    But the questions, one, this committee has been doing great work on energy efficiency. And energy efficiency in Vermont has been fully embraced, and it has led to our transmission company, VELCO, being able to avoid about $400 million in expenses associated with transmission lines. So I want your comment on what we can do as a committee and the Federal Government can do to help get the benefits of avoided cost.    Second, we have been trying to get real-time information on electricity rates in New England, in significant part because our rates are very high, and your department has been helpful trying to get real-time information in all the states, and Canada and Mexico, but has been having real challenges in actually getting that information. And I am curious to know what you find is the reason why it is so tough to get that, and what the department and FERC can do to help reduce the electricity bills for New Englanders.    Third, this is a smaller issue but quite important. We have some biomass stove manufacturers, and the standards evolve. One of those stove companies is Hearthstone, and they are having a real hard time getting basically an answer on what the standards are so that they can comply. So we need----    Mr. Welch . Some help on that. Yes, that is right. So they have a great product, but if they don't get a real definition of what the standard is then it makes it tough for them to stay out there on the market, and he has been having an awful hard time with that. Small company, but important company, and real jobs to Vermonters.    And then finally, net metering. That is tough because you have to have net metering if you really want to deploy energy efficiency. On the other hand, it obviously has an impact on the economic model. Vermont has gone in a different direction than most states, led by Green Mountain Power, our biggest utility, to embrace and promote expansion in net metering. What could we do at the Federal Government to help that process that is going to help deploy energy efficiency, but also deal with the economic realities of many----    Mr. Welch . Of our big power producers? Thank you.