    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank you for this hearing, and the ranking member. And I particularly want to thank you for the title of the hearing, ``Rebuilding the Chemical Safety Board,'' because I think the Board is important.    To the Chairman, I take extreme exception to your comments in your opening remarks, having been a State and regional regulator in California, that you would suggest that California, because of your actions, are adding to regulations.    And, as you know in our conversation, I tend to agree with you that we should look at adopting a safety-first culture that they have in Europe. And when I was in the legislature, because of a hearing in Chevron, which is in any district, in Richmond, I looked at that, but because of the dysfunction of this agency, it was recommended to me that I withhold that legislation.    So I had staff members in the meeting in Richmond City Hall that you all talk about. In the last 24 hours, I've had continued conversations with State and regional local regulators who were there, who used words to describe the events after you had the recess as ``incredulous'' and ``embarrassing,'' as the actions of the Board, and that the motion was ``inaudible.''    So, Mr. Griffon and Mr. Engler, this action was taken, was it not, because Mr. Engler had been confirmed by the Senate and was due to join the Board so that the majority, in this instance, would not have been able to pass the motion once Mr. Engler joined the Board at a subsequent meeting? Is that not why it happened, in your view?    Mr. DeSaulnier. So I just want to read for you a quote that's been publicly put out by a former Board member during both the Clinton and George W. Bush Administrations in this regard. ``The action seemed to stick its finger in the eye of the Senate.''    Would you agree with that, Mr. Engler, given that you were already confirmed and because of personal reasons you couldn't join the Board for the meeting in Richmond?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Another quote from a former CSB member in regards to your actions by--William Wright is the former CSB member. ``They basically''--talking about the majority--``highjacked the agency,'' said former member William Wright. ``They did it surreptitiously and with forethought. They didn't announce this major, sweeping change in advance of the meeting. Then, all of a sudden, 22 pages of changes take place.'' The motion canceled unfinished investigations into three major investigations.    And a comment from an employee representative said this resulted in ``missed opportunities like this''--in this action--``truly putting workers and the public at risk.    Would you agree with those quotes, Mr. Engler and Mr. Griffon?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Mr. Chairman and Mr. Ehrlich, when we had our conversation yesterday, I said I would be amongst your staunchest supporters when you're right, but when you're wrong, as somebody who believes in this and has been, as I said, a regulator--and Mr. Lieu and I have within our districts the preponderance of the capacity for refining in the State of California.    In my county, we have the highest concentration of chemical and refinery facilities and hazardous materials in the State of California. It's in, I believe, the fourth-largest metropolitan area surrounded by urbanized areas. I, for one, want those facilities to work and work successfully. They are continuously amongst the 10 largest taxpayers. Their multipliers are huge. I've had somewhat of a love-hate relationship with the regulated community, but they respect me and I respect them, and I don't want them to leave.    Effective enforcement is very important. We're proud of what we do in the bay area. I can't say that I'm proud of what this Board does. It's very clear, sitting here, that this is a dysfunctional agency. Usually, you have to scratch around a little bit to find arrogance and incompetence, but, in this instance, it's right out in the daylight.    And I apologize if that appears harsh, but what good would it do the agency or the public--and, Mr. Ehrlich, your comments about going to funerals, those are heartfelt. As you know, I have had to attend funerals of constituents, one of who was eviscerated, four who were burned in a very, very hard, emotional incident for the bay area. Both resulted in economic downturns for the bay area--not downturns, but they had a significant impact because of the importance of the refining capacity.    So I am at a complete loss as to why, when you tell me--and you just said you only have a few weeks, but, in effect, you have a few months. When I read the Vantage report, which I think is terrific--your last, as was said by a colleague--and viewed incomparable agencies--and you've actually gone down in the last year in terms of confidence of your employees. I look at the vote as 80 percent of the people directed at leadership as being dysfunctional as a vote of no confidence. Normally, when you get an 80 percent vote of no confidence, you leave.    You can leave with dignity. You've had a long career. It would be my personal suggestion, having had a long time in regulatory affairs at refineries, and my ask of you personally that you resign as soon as possible. I see no possible good for you personally, the agency, or the people we serve for you to serve one more day.    So, for me--and, Mr. Chairman, again, I appreciate your having this hearing.    But for the sake of the people we serve in a bipartisan fashion, I wish we would begin to rebuild this agency, and the only way to do that, with all due respect to the Chairman and Mr. Ehrlich, is to get your resignations as soon as possible.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.