    Ms.  Acer. Thank you so much, Chairman DeSantis, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the subcommittees. It is an honor to be here today to offer our views regarding national security at our borders and the importance of the U.S. commitment to protect refugees.    The horrific terrorist attacks in Brussels yesterday are yet another reminder of the terrible harms that terrorists are inflicting on innocent civilians around the world.    Human Rights First is a nonprofit organization with offices in Texas, New York, and Washington, D.C. We operate one of the largest pro bono legal representation programs for asylum-seekers in the country, working in partnership with lawyers from some of the Nation's leading law firms.    The United States can and must protect its national security, and can and must do so while also complying with its human rights and refugee protection commitments, as made clear in the letter from leading national security experts of both parties referenced earlier by Ranking Member Lynch.    Both at the formal points of entry as well as at our land borders, CBP has extensive tools and databases to identify individuals who present a risk to national security, including databases that contain information from various U.S. agencies and foreign sources. For cases that enter the process through credible fear as well, DHS asylum officers also conduct a range of vetting and checks. Before an individual can be granted asylum, they have to be either interviewed by an asylum officer or through an immigration court hearing.    Only a very small portion of the world's refugees seek protection here in the United States. The increase in Central American claims from the Northern Triangle, including children and families, have not only affected the United States. The U.N. refugee agency has reported that the countries of Mexico, Belize, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and Panama have seen the number of asylum applications from the Northern Triangle countries grow to nearly 13 times what it was in 2008.    While a very small portion of asylum-seekers also come from outside the hemisphere, many of those small numbers come from top refugee-hosting states, as well as from China.    U.S. leadership in protecting refugees is not only a reflection of American ideals, it also advances U.S. national security and foreign policy interests.    Earlier this year, I too visited Jordan, Lebanon, and Turkey to assess the Syrian refugee crisis. The critical infrastructures of frontline refugee-hosting states are under severe pressure. And as Ryan Crocker, former U.S. Ambassador to Syria, Iraq, and Lebanon, has explained, U.S. efforts to share in hosting some Syrian refugees affirmatively advance U.S. national security interests by helping to protect the stability of a region that is home to some key U.S. allies.    In our policies and practices, as well as in public rhetoric, it's critical to distinguish between the victims of terror and repression on the one hand, and the perpetrators of horrific acts on the other.    As a number of leading U.S. national security experts have described, efforts to bar Syrian refugees, for example, are counterproductive from a national security perspective, as they actually help the ISIL narrative. Former DHS Secretary Michael Chertoff has cautioned that you don't want to play into the narrative of the bad guy. That's giving propaganda to the enemy.    A strong asylum and immigration system that adjudicates the immigration removal cases before it in a timely and fair manner is essential both for ensuring the integrity of the U.S. immigration process as well as for protecting refugees from return to places of persecution.    Yet, over 480,000 immigration court removal cases have now been pending for an average of 667 days in the U.S. immigration courts, with projected average wait times around 3 years. We urge Congress to support the addition of immigration judges and additional support staff to address this backlog.    Finally, the current asylum system is actually failing to provide protection in a manner consistent with this country's commitments. Over the years, so many barriers and hurdles and technical complexities have been added to the asylum system that refugees who seek the protection of the United States often find themselves denied asylum, delayed in receiving protection, or, in many cases that we see from our work day in and day out, lingering for months in jails and jail-like immigration detention facilities.    In our experience, the expedited removal system and the credible fear process, which I think has a 78 percent pass right now, is actually preventing many legitimate refugees from even applying for asylum. I am happy to answer questions about this.    Many cannot navigate this increasingly complicated system without legal counsel, and many go unrepresented because they cannot afford that.    In my testimony, I have outlined a number of additional recommendations, and I'm happy to talk about those. Thank you so much for the opportunity.    Ms.  Acer. Thank you. I just want to also caution that the United States has to--not only does it have obligations under the international Refugee Convention, but we also have to think about the example we set to other states.    If we were to start turning away people at our border who apply for asylum, what message does that send to Jordan, to Lebanon?    Ms.  Acer. Yes. I'm so sorry.    Ms.  Acer. In terms of the credible fear process, to answer your question, it was set up, the 1996 law, instead of allowing people to actually go into immigration court removal proceedings, allowed people to be deported on the order of a CBP officer, essentially.    In order to make sure we were complying with our obligations, a screening process was set in, so that the U.S., the idea was, would not inadvertently deport someone who should have a shot at applying for asylum.    Ms.  Acer. We have found in our day-in-and-day-out practice, as I said, that actually many people who are legitimate refugees are not passing that process.    Ms.  Acer. And the immigration judge review that was mentioned happens in just a couple days, very quickly, and in rare cases.    Ms.  Acer. I guess you could look at it in terms of numbers and then, of course, you have Syria.    Ms.  Acer. I am not going to rank them right now, but I would say certainly ----    Ms.  Acer. Yes, I would say so.    Ms.  Acer. Thank you.    We are certainly protected from a large Syrian influx at our border by our geographical location, but the Northern Triangle countries are incredibly dangerous. As I mentioned before, asylum requests are up significantly in the region as well.    I would just say, in our day in and day out, we represent asylum-seekers who pass through the credible fear process and are held in very jail-like facilities, which the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom has said are ----    Ms.  Acer. I believe they hit around 400,000, which was an all-time high.    Ms.  Acer. Yes, that is my understanding.    Ms.  Acer. Mr. Chairman, could I weigh in?    Ms.  Acer. I'm sorry, can I weigh in on immigration courts, because we have been recommending--we've just issued a report on the need to adequately fund the immigration courts to bring down those backlogs and delays.    Ms.  Acer. Yes. That's actually a major need, funding for the immigration courts. Thank you.