    Mr. Fox. Chairman Lummis, Congresswoman Lawrence and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to speak here today.    I am Tim Fox, the Attorney General of Montana. Without hopefully offending any of the other members of the committee, Congresswoman Lawrence, you will be glad to hear that I am Detroit Tigers fan--go Tigers.    I will speak briefly this morning of my concerns with three regulatory initiatives by the United States Environmental Protection Agency. Two are rulemaking proposals and one involves an unprecedented action by EPA to exercise a preemptive veto of a Section 404 permit.    In a proposal published in the Federal Register on April 21, 2014, EPA proposes to amend the definition of ``waters of the U.S.'' in such a way that would extend the reach of the Clean Water Act to virtually all interState and intraState waters and all lands which could potentially affect such waters.    Montana is, for the most part, a headwater State, blessed with waters of exceptional quality. The people of Montana have taken steps to fully protect that priceless resource. Those steps begin with our State Constitution which provides comprehensive protections for our waters.    We have implemented those constitutional safeguards through the 1971 Montana Water Quality Act and regulations to implement the Act. Based on its Water Quality Act, Montana sought and was granted primacy to implement the Clean Water Act s permit system in the State but even beyond the permit protections, the Montana DEQ has broad authority to prevent pollution.    The point is that Montana has taken primary responsibility for its land and waters as was assumed by Congress when it enacted the Clean Water Act. There is no justification for extending the reach of the Clean Water Act in our State.    The overreach impinges indirectly on our State's sovereignty and offends Congress Stated intention in the Clean Water Act to recognize, protect and preserve the primary rights of the States to manage their lands and water resources.    The second problematic proposed rule is EPAs June 18, 2014 existing source proposal under Section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act. I join the Attorneys General of 16 other States in comments on that proposal, but I also filed separate comments with Chairman Darrin Old Coyote of the Crow Nation. I want to talk just a minute about those comments.    I grew up Hardin, Montana on the Crow Reservation and developed a deep appreciation both for the Crow people and the problems they faced and continue to face. The Crow Nation has huge, undeveloped coal reserves and one operating mine, the Absaloka Mine which provides two-thirds of the Crow Nation's annual non-Federal budget and is by far the largest private employer on the reservation.    Unfortunately, one of the very likely effects of EPA's existing source rule would be to kill the market for the coal produced by the Absaloka Mine which is nearly all sold to Minnesota utilities. This will in turn kill the mine, in turn causing drastic loss of services and employment on the Crow Reservation.    EPA has a legal duty under Executive Order 13175 to ensure meaningful and timely input by tribal officials in the development of regulatory proposals that affect tribes. Aside from two ``Dear Tribal Leader'' form letters, nobody from the agency contacted the Crow Nation directly in a government to government contact as required by Executive Order 13175 and the Presidential Memo which implements the Order.    Given the consequences of the proposed rule to the Crow Nation, this doesn't seem a sufficient effort on the part of     Third and last, the matter I want to address today is EPA's involvement and their actions relating to the proposed Pebble Mine project in Alaska.    In 1979, the EPA promulgated a rule providing the Administrator could prohibit the specification of a site under Section 404(c) before a permit application has been submitted to or approved by the Corps or a State.    This authority up to now has never been used to issue a preemptive veto. However, last year, the EPA proposed to use the authority to issue a preemptive veto before any formal application for a permit had been prepared or filed by the developer of the Pebble project.    As Montana's chief legal officer, it greatly concerns me that we can see a situation in our State where the Administrator of a Federal agency preemptively vetoes a development proposal before we have an opportunity to receive, review and comment on an application for permit.    Chairman Lummis, Congresswoman Lawrence and members of the committee, thank you again for giving me some time here today to speak on behalf of the people of Montana. I have submitted a more comprehensive written testimony for your consideration.    I am happy to answer any questions you may have. Thank you.    Mr. Fox. Chairman Lummis, if I may, my mother was the hostess at the Purple Cow.    Mr. Fox. Thank you for the question.    First of all, let me say that primarily as the chief legal officer of the State of Montana, my appearance here today is primarily focusing on the rule of law, the Constitution and particularly the separation of powers, cooperative federalism as we see in the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act and their original statutes and intent, and also the limits of executive power.    With that said, as I mentioned earlier in my testimony, if I may focus once again on the Crow Nation. That is one area where the harm of these regulations, should they be implemented, goes without saying but is worth repeating.    There is a large portion of coal on the Crow Reservation, a 40 year old coal mine that produces some 7.5 million tons of coal, provides $10 million to $20 million of revenue to the Crow people, which is three-quarters of their non-Federal revenue. The mine employs up to 150 people, 70 percent of those are members of the Crow Tribe.    With the decommissioning of their primary clients in Michigan and Minnesota and their coal-fired electric generation plants, they will lose their market. When they lose their market, the mine will close.    The tribe estimates that will raise the unemployment rate somewhere from 50 percent on the reservation, as it is now, to as high as 90 percent. The harm that would cause to the people of the Crow Nation and, more generally to the people of Montana, is very extreme.    I think that is an area where we can certainly focus and the Administration's failure to follow through on their obligation to consult with the tribe really requires them to go back to the drawing board.    I would echo what Attorney General Rutledge says in terms of higher rates and the impact on the poor. I think those go without saying. Primarily, I am here as a lawyer and the chief lawyer of the people of Montana. I really want to stick to that expertise.    Mr. Fox. They have an impact in actually impeding and invading on tribal sovereignty. I think it is important to note that under the Executive Order cited earlier and the EPA policy promulgated from that order, the executive branch has imposed upon itself a very important duty and responsibility to consult with each tribe of which there are 566 federally recognized tribes in the United States.    In this case, the EPA sent out a Dear Tribal Leader letter a mere 2 days before the promulgation of the rule, the 111(d) rule. That Dear Tribal Leader letter referred only to the possibility of a tribe having on its reservation a coal-fired generation plant that might allow the tribe then to have primacy of its own air regulatory program.    It did not give anyone a heads up, certainly not a timely heads up and certainly not the four tribes who have coal and minerals on their reservations any indication of the impact that rule might have on the sovereignty of that tribe.    We have seven federally recognized tribes in Montana. I think it is very important as a State and a Nation that we respect the treaties and agreements we have with those tribes. Unfortunately, in this case, the EPA has violated the sovereignty of the Crow Nation pertaining to its Absaloka Mine.    Mr. Fox. Say again, sir?    Mr. Fox. No, sir.    Mr. Fox. I am not aware of the State officially asking for any clarification. As far as I know, we have not needed any clarification under the existing status rules.    Mr. Fox. Yes, I am aware.    Mr. Fox. I am aware.    Mr. Fox. If you are asking me, I would say yes. If I might add, we actually asked, on the 111(d) rules, for the EPA to hold a listening session in Montana. We were denied that ability.    Mr. Fox. Chairman Lummis, Montana has been very proactive in taking steps legally and practically to protect the environment, air, water and everything in between. Our constitution in Article 9, Section 3, includes a specific provision giving the right to Montanans to a clean and healthful environment.    We have also enacted the Montana Water Quality Act, our own version under primacy of our Clean Air Act. I might add that I used to be an Assistant Attorney General for the Department of Environmental Quality. I am a geologist trained in environmental protection.    I was in charge of the investigation that led to the first criminal violation and prosecution of someone under our Water Quality Act in Montana which later led, actually, to Federal charges on different grounds as well.    We do a very good job. We are very thorough in making sure that we protect our environment. I think it is important to note that both the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act include provisions in the very beginning of both Acts stating that it is the primary responsibilities of the States and local government to regulate both water and air.    Again, under principles of cooperative federalism, I think that is where we start as a foundation. What EPA proposes to do here is way over the line and we need to get back to the basics.    I would welcome Congress debating this because I think that is truly where this discussion should be held and ultimately where it should be decided.    Mr. Fox. Yes, that is one of the first things we learned in school in the university, is the effect of the change in climate geologically speaking through time.    Mr. Fox. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fox. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fox. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fox. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fox. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fox. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fox. Tigers all the way, Ranking Member, Tigers all the way.