    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have been amazed to know how much money has actually been spent in some of these previous relocations, reassignments nearing $200,000 per relocation. Have you directed any of these reassignments during your tenure?    Mr. Walker. And Mr. Brainard reported that the relocation expenses for his reassignment to Maine exceeded $100,000. Is that true as far as you know?    Mr. Walker. Okay. And would you agree that that is an illegitimate use of taxpayers' dollars?    Mr. Walker. How are involuntary relocation decisions approved now?    Mr. Walker. Administrator Neffenger, it sounds like you are trying to develop or implement a plan for the future, which is part of a cleaning up from some of the things in the past. Probably the biggest thing that concerns me is the issue with Mr. Hoggan. Do you believe that Mr. Hoggan's performance bonuses of $90,000 is justified for the taxpayer?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Well, I am glad to hear that. As the leader of the OSO, did Mr. Hoggan have a key role in directed reassignments?    Mr. Walker. When you said a role, can you expound just for a moment for me?    Mr. Walker. Is it fair to say that he had a key factor in this?    Mr. Walker. Okay. All right. In looking at his situation and his involvement, I am sure you have considered replacing Mr. Hoggan as the director of OSO given his responsibility for screening failures, rolling directed reassignments, and his questionable bonus payments. Is that fair to say?    Mr. Walker. Well, I would like for you--I appreciate it, but I want you to answer the question. You are welcome to expound, but I asked a direct question there.    Mr. Walker. Sure, I appreciate it, but there have been some past violations. Have you had discussions as a part of groups saying listen, this is a decision that we may need to make as far as removing Hoggan for these past transgressions?    Mr. Walker. I'm not asking--with all due respect, and I know you are doing a great job. And for Inspector General Roth, I am asking about you. What has your role been in Mr. Hoggan's previous indiscretions here when it comes to some of the spending expenditures? Have you had discussions or is there any plan to remove him or put him on probation? What is the decision here?    Mr. Walker. So even though we acknowledge there has been some, do we just kind of put a blind ----    Mr. Walker. But even carrying out orders, it reminds me of the movie A Few Good Men. These young marines were still in the fictitious movie therefore carrying out the code red. If he is following orders but still doing something wrong or going after people, there is still some accountability. Is that not fair?    Mr. Walker. No, and I appreciate that for the time that you have been there. Our concern or the facts that we have is before you arrived, and it was in the not-so-far distant past that there were some of these indiscretions as we have used going on.    My time is expiring. I do hope that there will be some kind of looking into Mr. Hoggan as far as some of these things that went on, especially these involuntary relocations. Mr. Cummings talked about even potentially tearing some of the families apart because I do think there is some responsibility on his part even if he was carrying out orders.    I have got 10 seconds left. I do want to compliment Inspector General Roth. Every hearing I go to you and your staff are properly prepared, and we appreciate it. Thank you very much.    And with that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Connelly.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice.