    Mr. Karsting. Well, first of all, I am a big fan of the program too, and what makes me proud is when I go to places like Laos, as I did a few months ago, and I see kids whose teeth and skin and hair are better because they have the benefit of American nutrition support to their school nutrition programs and they go to school ready to learn, and that is a huge thing, especially in some really poor countries. As you know, we focus in areas where childhood stunting is very much a problem.    Part of the success of McGovern-Dole is the relationship that we have cultivated with our cooperating organizations, the nonprofits that we work with. They go in consultation with our people at post. We have some really talented attaches all over the world and make sort of an individual regionalized assessment so they know what is going to work in one region because what works in one region isn't necessarily going to work in another.    The next evolution that we are trying to do, in McGovern-Dole, focuses on some authority that this Committee was kind enough to give us in the last farm bill, and that relates to local and regional procurement. And when we find places where the addition of a locally procured item to the mix might increase kids' ability or increase their nutrition, increase adoption of, or making permanent, school nutrition programs and begin to sow the seeds of a value chain in country, I think that is a really exciting thing to do.    And if I could, just one more thing. We also have done some work on micro-nutrients, and that has had some measurable effects, not just in nutrition that kids get but in their cognitive abilities when they get to school    Mr. Karsting. I appreciate that. We will take note of that. I would also invite any Members, if you travel internationally, if you have a moment, our staff overseas would love to show you some of those programs, whether it is in Mozambique or Cambodia or Laos or wherever, wherever we have them.    Mr. Karsting. Right. Just by way of background, the United States International Food Assistance Report covers the three farm bill authorized international food aid programs. So that is Food for Progress, McGovern-Dole Food for Education, and P.L. 83-480 Title II, or Food for Peace, which is an USAID administered program. So what we do between FAS and USAID is we try to merge our information. We are in the process of doing that so we can present one unified report. I am hopeful that we get that to you as soon as possible.    What I can tell you today, is that that report will show that government-wide in 2014, we did about $1.8 billion in food aid with about 35 million beneficiaries in 65 different countries. For USDA-specific programs, McGovern-Dole in 2014 totaled about 78,860 metric tons and about $164.8 million in work with our cooperators.    We had six new grants covering 2.25 million recipients in nine different countries. On the Food for Progress side of things, that is where we send commodities and it is monetized for development in local countries, we did about 195,000 metric tons of commodities valued at $127.5 million, 1.6 million beneficiaries in ten countries.    Bearing in mind the latter one, Food for Progress, if we are in a sequester situation, that will cut into the amount of money we can use for transportation; so we have gone from in the past about 12 annual projects under Food for Progress. Now we are down to about six per year or five. So we are trying to make those programs work as best they can and cover as many people in a responsible way as possible.    Mr. Karsting. I had a boss one time that told me if you must predict, predict often, so at least a few of them would come true. I think we are going to have an outcome in TPP that is commercially meaningful across a wide swath of American agriculture. We look at sort of what the opportunities are out there. This is a great opportunity for us to bring tariffs down, to hopefully resolve technical barriers to trade and non-tariff barriers, but also to set the rules of the road for a broader swath of the world.    The countries engaged in the TPP negotiations represent 40 percent of global GDP. And I like to remind people that the question isn't whether we have TPP and write the rules of the road or the status quo. If we don't do anything, somebody else is going to fill that vacuum. And that is why we think it is important for us to have a high-quality, comprehensive agreement, and that is what our negotiators are working on every day.    Mr. Karsting. Well, T-TIP isn't quite as mature in the process, and if you want to weigh in on this, Deputy Secretary, we certainly have not been working on it as long, but there is some hopefulness that if we have a successful TPP conclusion, that that would lend momentum and urgency to T-TIP negotiations as well.    Mr. Karsting. Well, I grew up in Nebraska, and if you just look at what has happened to corn yields, particularly in dryland corn over the last few years, you have to be cognizant of the fact that yields have increased in a variety of different conditions.    We have examples of eggplant in Bangladesh that are grown that are Bt that reduce producers' exposure to chemicals and grow more efficiently. We have other tropical fruits. There are a lot of opportunities out there. What I try to remind people is that we are going to have 9.6 billion people on this planet by 2050, and we ought not confront that challenge with our hands tied behind our back. And by saying our, I mean globally, global community so----    Mr. Karsting. I would say I sit next to the Secretary on most of his meetings with international leaders, and it is a topic that he raises eloquently on a regular basis.    Mr. Karsting. I think the more sort of uniformity and commitment we have to sound science and transparency that is recognizable from country to country, in general, the better off we are. That has been our goal in all of these negotiations is to make sure that we have trade rules that are based on science and not based on other things. And so to the extent we can do that among a broader spectrum of countries, we are better off.    Mr. Karsting. Absolutely. I am glad to answer that. We work a great deal with USTR. As you may know, USTR is designated as the lead government-wide agency on trade negotiations; but the reality is that there are thousands of tariff codes relating to agriculture. Our people are at the negotiations supporting them with analytics and data on a host of those tariff sorts of issues as well as their expertise on non-tariff barriers to trade; so we are working with them all the time. We also do joint advisory committees with USTR. These are technical advisory committees appointed by Secretary Vilsack and Ambassador Froman, and so we work hand in glove with them all the time.    For us, though, it is not just trade negotiations. We also have people at post in about 97 different countries around the globe, and they sort of serve as eyes and ears on emerging trade issues, resolving bilateral trade irritants where they can. So we work a lot in connection with USTR.