    Mr. Redding. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and all Members of the Committee, thank you, first, for the opportunity to be here and to talk about the progress we have made in Pennsylvania on Chesapeake Bay and water quality. And I appreciate Chief Weller's review of what has been invested and the outcomes of those investments but also to echo his points of appreciation to the Committee, who has both the primary concern of conservation first, but also the underpinning of that is an assumption of a productive and viable agricultural economy, right? And that is really key for us.    Mr. Chairman, you have heard me say many times that there are two coequal goals to this discussion about the Chesapeake Bay. One is water quality, and the other is viable farms. You will not achieve the first without the second. We have to ensure that the lands are productive agricultural lands, but as we know, the greatest return on investment of any funds, private or public, can and will be achieved by way of agricultural conservation practices versus others. I think that is an important point.    I will do a quick summary. You have my comments. I prefer to respond to questions, but just to outline a few key points here. We have been working on this issue of the Chesapeake Bay for the last 40 years from the TMDL establishment in 2010. You heard the investments we have made through the USDA and in Pennsylvania. They have been significant. I would say there has been a lot of progress. That is not always the story told. As you alluded to in your opening statement, there has been a tremendous amount of progress made. That progress has been a full partnership with the agricultural community. It has been a full partnership with our U.S. Department of Agriculture, NRCS, and the conservation districts, and many NGOs who have been at the table to help us do that. And we have made progress.    We have more to do. That is part of what you are here to talk about and want to share with you, but we have made progress. The Chesapeake Bay report itself speaks to the progress. The University of Maryland, Center for Environmental Science, the USGS water-quality monitoring shows there has been progress.    We have reduced phosphorus by 25 percent, nitrogen by six percent, sediment by 15 percent. And the numbers sometimes don't tell the full story of the load. But they are significant numbers and we are making progress. We also know that this is one of these issues where there will always be tension between the aspirational and the practical. It is just how dynamic it is. We will work at it. We will work at it hard. But any time you are talking about the landscape and the complexity of this landscape in this region, particularly, as the chief noted, it is going to take a lot of work. And that is not something we should apologize for or shy away from. We simply have to acknowledge it is going to take a lot of work to get the job done.    From Pennsylvania, just to put this in perspective, the Susquehanna River, largest contributor of water to the Chesapeake Bay, as you travel over the Bay Bridge, look down, 90 percent of that water in the upper bay is from the Susquehanna River. It flows right through the heartland of Pennsylvania, and 50 percent of the total water in the Bay is out of the Susquehanna River. We understand our contribution and the magnitude of the challenge as well.    We have continued to work with the Governor and our Administration across the agencies to really refocus our work on the Bay. As you know, we have titled this, The Reboot. The Reboot implies we had a plan in 2009, 2010. We worked at it through several Administrations. Governor Wolf returned 2 years ago and really put a focus on this. We knew, at that point, we were behind on the deliverables as laid out in 2010 TMDL. The difference with this effort now is it is very specific in terms of total load delivery and reduction expectations between 2009 and 2025. It then sets 2 year milestones, and those 2 year milestones become the midterm exams that we have to do. And we know that we are just not quite where we want to be, particularly on phosphorus and sediment. We are making progress. Anyhow, just to say that that is a key difference between what the discussions were and where we are today. Another reason for the Committee's interest in this is, how we are doing both with the agriculture aspects but certainly from the public policy standpoint?    Our Reboot had a number of points, six major components to it, looking at technical and financial assistance. It looked at the technology. A big component was better coordination and capacity of both the state and agencies looking at improved data collection.    There are many points: Two that I will highlight for you and we can talk more about. One is the role of the conservation districts in the effort of our Reboot. And this has surfaced a number of conversations in the state, and I know those conversations have extended to the USDA and NRCS as well. But there is no question that the progress that has been made and the progress that still has to be made can only be accomplished with the partnership of the conservation districts.    What we stepped into was an assumption that, given the historic relationship that the districts had with Pennsylvania by way of delegation agreement over the years, what we found was a willingness but some apprehension because of the comprehensiveness and the expectation of compliance checks, which is also part of our current efforts.    I will just say to that point that we have made tremendous progress in discussions with NRCS at the state level to make sure that the confidentiality of the information, as required by Congress in section 1619, is protected. We believe that we have found a way by way of a signed waiver and transparency with that transaction for the farm community to be protected and to live true to what Congress was intending with the confidentiality and privacy of that data. We have made progress on that.    But just to underscore, there is no way forward without the conservation districts. They have been great partners. We will continue to work with them as well.    The second point, just on a statement, Mr. Chairman, you made at the outset about the voluntary efforts and certainly giving credit to producers. One of the components of our strategy has been making sure that we account for the everyday good management practices that producers are employing. The Chesapeake Bay model has been noted many times. The majority of the BMPs that are in the model are those things that have been cost-shared, meaning that the public has made an investment in them. It does not include the non-cost-share practices or all of them. We have taken an effort with Pennsylvania State University to do a non-cost-share survey. It was well-responded to, and we are anxious to get that information back. Penn State is working through it as we speak, and we hope to have that information for the benefit of the next version of the model.    But even the early signs are really amazing in terms of the practices that we know are out there. The water quality monitoring has demonstrated they are, but they are not in the model. As you know, for a lot of producers, they want to have some assurance that ``if I have to do more, I want credit for what I have already done.'' And that really has been an important part of the conversation for us. Those things continue, but just to say that that has been part of our strategy for the very first time, to go out and do a comprehensive study with our land-grant university to ask the question, ``What have you done that has not been paid for by government and both in terms of practice and the details of those BMPs?'' We will have the benefit of that to inform our discussion and work here as we move forward.    In summary, just to end where I began, with a thank you. I appreciate your leadership on the Committee and back in Pennsylvania. I know you travel a lot of miles around the state and see what we see, and that is a changed landscape. When we speak of issues of BMPs and cover crops and all of the good work that has been done, you see that firsthand, as I do. I appreciate your leadership and the Committee in today's hearing. Thank you.    Mr. Redding. Mr. Chairman, thank you. I wouldn't say that we feel like we are being--well, we are scrutinized for sure. Any time you are talking about a watershed of this size and the number of people who live here and have an opinion about it--and it is right in our nation's capital--there are a lot of folks watching that water body very closely. We certainly feel the pressure and feel the heat of questions being raised about our progress on the TMDL.    The challenge has been for us is, given the scale of this, to have some appreciation by the EPA of the number of farms and the size of the state. As an example, there are 33,600 farms in the Chesapeake Bay watershed. And since Delaware has been referenced several times earlier, I will just say you can put all the agriculture in the State of Delaware in the county of Lancaster as an example, just to put this in scale: 5,000+ farms in the county of Lancaster alone, \1/2\ of those Amish.    The frustration has been not an acknowledgment that we have a deliverable. We understand we have a timeline, but you have to have an appreciation for what has been done, and that gets back to having a good baseline of the non-cost-share practices that have been invested in. You have to have a good baseline of where you need to make particular investments, where you have the capacity to make the investments.    The frustration has been more in not acknowledging that every state in this Chesapeake Bay watershed is equal. And if that is true, then you have to have some commensurate allocation of resources to go with it. And we think you have to have some commensurate timelines that are in keeping with the scale of the problem, right, that you have to keep looking at that issue. So that has been a challenge.    The bigger one, or at least part of that, has been the narrative, is that it is always about what you have to do yet versus what have you done in the last 30 years that has brought us to the moment where anybody driving these roads in this region says, ``This landscape has changed''? It has changed by population. It has changed by infrastructure. It has changed in so many ways, and it has changed agriculturally. It is this frustration of, we had the TMDL; we will manage that; we are going to have to have an honest conservation about whether we can make the mark on all of the original timelines and milestones that were laid out, but we will make our best effort to get to 2025. But we also want to make sure that we are giving credit to the producers who are doing everyday good management practices, that we can meet the two coequal goals, because if you rush past the water quality and say that is the only indicator of success, then we trade away an incredible economic resource or quality of life in this region that we don't want to do. That is the coequal goals piece.    It is going to be a constant discussion. We would simply ask for transparency. We would ask for an acknowledgment that, as we have done in Pennsylvania with our State Conservation Commission, that we recognize the equilibrium that you have to find between environmental issues and agricultural issues. That has not always been evident in discussions about only the TMDL and whether we are successful. I appreciate the question.    The Chairman. Mr. Secretary, how much of a role, if any, is the EPA playing in terms of its directives or threatening withholding of funding on using conservation districts to conduct compliance checks? And if so, isn't that the role of the states to regulate and enforce how farmers operate?    Mr. Redding. Yes, so in the design of this and why I mentioned the role of conservation districts in the testimony, we have used them, and will need them, going forward. And to the point made about trust, there is clearly, when you ask the farm community who would they prefer to have on the farm, they would like to see the local conservation district personnel and realizing that may sometimes look like NRCS personnel just because they are commingled there. But it is going to be a local presence would be preferred. And we would prefer that as well at the state level.    Now, the EPA certainly has jurisdiction over the concentrated animal feeding operations, the CAFO permits, as you know. But for all of the others, the preference from our standpoint would be either state or local.    What we have experienced in the last couple of months has been, in the absence of conservation districts or the states being either as aggressive as needed and/or as comprehensive as needed, that the EPA would do some farm visits, even to the non-CAFO permit holders.    It is not forced upon, but as we know in the Watershed Implementation Plan, the WIPs as they are referred to, and these milestones, if there is not progress the way that the TMDL is set up, the EPA certainly has the right to inquire, to request, to encourage, and, in some cases, to farm visits. That is not our preference by far. The preference is to do that with districts for the state.    The Chairman. And then my final question is for both of you. It may not be a fair question for folks who are agricultural leaders, but we have talked, obviously, our focus here has been on agriculture and agriculture's role in keeping our watersheds clean. But, as we talked the word urbanization has been mentioned a few times. And we all know the pressures that our states within the Chesapeake Bay watershed have been under, specifically Pennsylvania, from my perspective. And we know the great work that's been done.    And, Secretary, thank you for your leadership on the voluntary conservation, things that we are not getting credit for, clearly, because you wouldn't get those types of reductions in phosphates and nitrates and sediments without all of those efforts.    But I am curious, do either of you know what kind of difficulties and challenges on our agricultural community that have been, pressures, I guess. Any perspective on what measures are being pursued on the whole urbanization issue? And I am not saying that is under your jurisdictions, but obviously, being involved with the watersheds, I would be curious to see what the rest of the story is. With those pressures, chief, that you reflected on, are there measures being taken to deal with the urbanization within the watershed, specifically along the Chesapeake Bay itself?    Mr. Redding. Mr. Chairman, I will say two things and then defer to the chief.    We believe long-term, given that the TMDL carries through 2025, but as I have said many times, this is a question of what we do in the next 25 to 50 years, not what we do in the next 10. If we really are serious about meeting the two coequal goals that we have established for water quality in the TMDLs, so we have to be thinking long-term.    Long-term, we believe that the answer is found in a combination of partnerships of local urban centers in rural communities that you simply have to have a way to address either nutrient trading, you have to bring stormwater into the conversation long-term about how you manage nutrients. And, personally, you stop worrying about the sector allocations and the pie, as we refer to it, and look at the water quality outcomes. If you do that, then you start having really important conversations about how you have folks in the community who have to coexist look at the issues of water resources and the natural resource management of the community. That is important.    Very specifically, then, one of the issues the farm community has pointed out numerous times to us in Pennsylvania is that there is not a requirement for commercial fertilizer application on lawns. Okay? They can simply do that. There is no reporting. There is not a credential as there is, in comparison, to if somebody is doing that in an agricultural enterprise. There is a whole other set of record-keeping; there is a set of credentials.    We have a piece of legislation ready to go for the state that will close that gap and make it a requirement for the person doing fertilizer application to be credentialed to do so, that there will be record-keeping requirements so we know where the fertilizer is being applied and how it is being applied. And that will get to that discussion of both the shared responsibilities in many neighborhoods for water quality. And that will be where a lot of folks in urban centers touch that Chesapeake Bay, right, or the Susquehanna in our case.    I think that will be an important change, because it will help change the narrative. It will help bring that back to communities and push this issue beyond an agricultural conversation where it is at the moment.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Chief, any thoughts in terms of how we mitigate the urbanization side of this issue?    Mr. Redding. Yes. It is voluntary but verify, right? And we build it, the hallmark of conservation success has been the voluntary nature. What we are asked to do in the TMDL now is to verify what it is that we have actually done and/or say what we are going to do is verify. But specific to section 1619, the way this is now set up, if a producer, when approached, voluntarily provides the information to the conservation district or to a third party, they can do so.    What we are requesting is just a standard procedure, is that before any of the information is turned over to either the state or to a third party is that those release forms are signed. That way there is full acknowledgement.    In a perfect world, we would prefer that the producer handles the file and interfaces with the individual who is doing the verification. That is the preferred way. But your assumption is that there would be some intermediary in there.    We have not, again, it is an assumption that we haven't confronted the question, if somebody refuses to provide the information, what does that do? At this point, that has not been contemplated as a default to noncompliance, but it will certainly require some additional conversation if somebody is not cooperative. But we are not going to make the assumption just on the question of the privacy of the information, if it is not provided, that it is noncompliance.    The Chairman. One of the first things they told me around here is don't ask a question unless you already know the answer. But I don't know the answer to this; I will be up-front.    Would that information, then, as it is, obviously, if it is held by the producer, the farmer, the rancher, it is protected at that point. But even with this release, when that information is provided to the state or the conservation district, would that then would be vulnerable? Would that be information that is, I don't know what word I am looking for, but basically through the courts would that have to be released to the public?    Mr. Redding. Well, I can tell you for Pennsylvania, in fact, on the release of agricultural plans form, we note that once the information is provided, the documents will become part of the Commonwealth's public record and will be retained as such. There is notice that it is potentially subject to the right to know.    The Chairman. It would be subject for those who are kind of shopping around for information for nuisance lawsuits.    I am pleased to recognize the gentleman from Georgia for 5 minutes.    Mr. Redding. Yes. Congressman, thank you for the question.    Certainly, going forward, the only way to success is through this foundation of partnerships and collaboration. We have looked at it in state. And while we, as a Department, look at our role and responsibilities and relationship with the districts, the reality is it is well beyond that. It will take the mayors, and it will take the county commissioners, it will take everybody looking at what it is that we can do, number one.    I think, to your point about the meeting and looking forward a little bit, there are two things. I would say, first, as we have stated earlier in the hearing, there is some recognition that there has been a tremendous amount of progress has to be part of the narrative, right? It can't always be about, ``You have more to do,'' right? That is fatiguing. It is fatiguing at the farm level. Every time you feel like you are making progress. We all understand the cycles of this business and the seasons we live in and so forth. You like to hear that you are actually making progress. And some of what has been noted by the USGS, the University of Maryland, and EPA, that has to be front and center and really part of what we talk about and how we talk about the Bay, going forward.    And the third point would be about the question of the goals. If it only is, if the simple metric is water quality, then that becomes a very limiting conversation, right? If it is about the economic viability of, in our case, agriculture or the region, then that requires us, then, to look at some of the urbanization concerns and the demographics shifts that we have seen.    But I would say it also presents an opportunity to bring 17 million people as consumers to the conversation. And I don't know at this point whether there is really a regional appreciation for the delicate balance that is required, but also the personal action that is required to get us to the reductions, right? It is what we buy. It is where we shop. It is what we view in terms of the value of land. I think that can be part of the conversation that the chief notes of celebration, but it is also becomes part of the narrative.    Mr. Redding. Very good.    Mr. Redding. Thank you.