    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Dr. Roubideaux and Mr. McSwain.    I have one question on the issue of sexual assault forensic evidence kits. According to statistics, one out of every three Native Americans have reported being raped at some point in their lifetime. IHS reports that between 2010 and 2014, 600 sexual assault forensic evidence kits were collected, and that seems very low to me, given the magnitude of the problem. Tell us exactly what you are doing to make the kits available, to train people to use the kits, and to deploy and collect these kits.    Mr. Israel. Do you have any sense of what the backlog is in the actual testing of the kits?    Mr. Israel. Okay, if you would. This Congress on a bipartisan basis has made the investments necessary in ensuring that the kits are available and that they are tested and that really the national backlog is being addressed, and I am curious as to where you fit into that effort.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Israel. Mr. Chairman, I will not be able to return, so I will submit my questions in writing.    Mr. Israel. Thank you.    Mr. Israel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Administrator McCarthy, I want to talk to you about the Long Island Sound, something that is not just important to me as a Representative from Long Island, but important to the entire nation. It is a $9 billion generator of economic activity; it is a critical estuary that is important to our ecosystems, and to our national environment. For the past few budget cycles the Long Island Sound has been funded at about $4 million, and this year the President's budget requests a little less than $3 million. Members on both sides of the aisle who represent the Long Island Sound area have long believed that the minimum level of funding to preserve and protect the Sound, not just environmentally but economically, is about $10 million, and that is what we have been pushing for. Can you tell me the kind of effect the reduction in the budget will have on Long Island Sound restoration and protection efforts if that lower figure is what is included in whatever funding proposal we settle on this year?    Mr. Israel. Well, I would invite you to Long Island to meet with our stakeholders and member of the bipartisan Long Island Sound caucus. Again, both sides of the Sound, but also both sides of the aisle, and hope that we can work together with you on passing the Long Island Restoration and Stewardship Act, again a bipartisan bill; Congressman Peter King has been one of the co-sponsors. I hope we can work together in getting that passed and reauthorizing that program. So we will send an invitation to you to come to Long Island. I will even give you some good pizza while you are there. Thank you.    Mr. Israel. Done deal.