    The Committee met, pursuant to call, at 10:00 a.m., in Room 1300 of the Longworth House Office Building, Hon. K. Michael Conaway presiding.    Members present: Conaway, Austin Scott of Georgia, LaMalfa, Davis, Yoho, Walorski, Allen, Bost, Abraham, Newhouse, Kelly, Peterson, David Scott of Georgia, Walz, Fudge, McGovern, DelBene, Lujan Grisham, Kuster, Nolan, Bustos, Kirkpatrick, Aguilar, Plaskett, Adams, Graham, and Ashford.    Staff present: Anne DeCesaro, Haley Graves, Jadi Chapman, Jessica Carter, Mollie Wilken, Lisa Shelton, Liz Friedlander, Matthew MacKenzie, Nicole Scott, and Carly Reedholm.    The Chairman. Good morning. I am going to call the hearing to order. I will ask David Scott to open us with a prayer. David?    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Dear Heavenly Father, we come before your throne of grace to, first of all, give thanks. We thank you for the bountiful blessings that you give to each of us every single day. Some we know not, some we asked not for, but you intercede on our behalf and give us the blessings that we need. And Heavenly Father, at this time we ask a special blessing, that your arms of protection hover around those families of those individuals of those 500 or more who were assassinated and slaughtered and injured by those radical Islamic terrorists in Paris. Now, dear Heavenly Father, we pray that you give our nation, the United States, the will and the backbone to stand up and lead. We ask, dear God, that you give us all that power and strength. I pray that we, as NATO, would give in to our Article V and help France the same way that, when we were attacked, we asked for Article V of NATO. We must do the same, and stand up and fight this evil, stand up with France as they stood with us in our time of need. And our President will lead and invoke Article V of NATO. This is my prayer, dear God. And finally, give this nation the Isaiah instinct. For when you said, ``Whom shall we send, and who will go for us in that great time of need,'' Isaiah, without hesitation, said, ``Here, my Lord, send me.'' Thank you, dear God. This is what we pray for, the courage and the backbone. We ask this prayer from our humble hearts, all of us, that we are able to rid this evil. We pray for this earnestly, and we pray for it in the name of your Son, Jesus Christ, and you, dear God. Amen.    The Chairman. Amen. Thank you, David. Well, good morning, this hearing on the past, present, and future of SNAP: the National Commission on Hunger, will come to order. I want to welcome our witnesses to today's hearing, and thank them for taking time to share their experience as members of the National Commission on Hunger. This hearing, like those before, builds on the Committee's top to bottom review of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. Throughout this process we have had an eye towards strengthening SNAP so that it doesn't become a trap, but rather a tool to help individuals to move up the economic ladder.    As we have learned throughout this hearing series, SNAP does not operate in a vacuum. It should not be expected to carry the entire load and provide all the solutions for the most vulnerable. That being said, it does serve an important role in the lives of nearly 46 million Americans. For them, and the integrity of our review, it is important that we continue to invite for our consideration a range of perspectives and recommendations for improving SNAP and the other nutrition programs under our jurisdiction. Hearing from the National Commission on Hunger is a continuation of that effort.    As you will hear, the Commission spent the last year traveling the country to see and listen to those closest to this issue, to better understand the challenges within these programs, as well as learn about the successes. The Fiscal Year 2014 omnibus appropriations bill provided $1 million for a national commission on the domestic hunger by including an amendment from former Congressman Frank Wolf. The purpose of the Commission, according to the bill, was to provide policy recommendations to Congress and the Secretary of Agriculture on how to more effectively use existing Department of Agriculture programs, and their funds, to combat domestic hunger. They were also instructed to develop innovative recommendations to encourage public-private partnerships, faith-based sector engagement, and community initiatives to reduce the need for government nutrition assistance programs, while protecting the safety net for the most vulnerable members of society.    The ten member Commission was made up of individuals appointed by the Speaker, the Minority Leader of the House, the Senate Majority Leader, and the Senate Minority Leader, the result being five Republican and five Democratic selected Commissioners with a range of backgrounds from a medical doctor to a grocery store owner, to hunger advocates and community leaders. Today, the Commission selected Co-Chairs are here to share their year-long experience with a process that involved field hearings and site visits, to nine different cities. Each hearing began with invited witnesses, similar to our format, but it would then open up for public input. I believe the hearing in D.C., back in the spring, lasted more than 5 hours. Now, that is pretty remarkable, considering each public witness was limited to 5 minutes.    While their report is not yet final, I commend their efforts to remain united as a Commission, especially given their diverse backgrounds, in presenting their final recommendations, and for staying within their charge to not propose policies that increase costs or require additional resources. I look forward to hearing from the Commission's Co-Chairs about their process, the emergent themes from the process, and a preview of what we can expect when their final report is released in the coming weeks.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I would like to yield our time to the Ranking Member of the Nutrition Subcommittee, Mr. McGovern, from Massachusetts. OPENING STATEMENT OF HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN, A REPRESENTATIVE 