    Mr. Vargas. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to speak.    And Chairman Gruenberg, thank you for being here today.    Listening to my colleagues here, we all have very different situations. I represent the border area of California and Mexico. My district literally runs from the ocean all the way to Arizona, so every inch of the California-Mexico border is actually in my district. I also have some areas in San Diego and all of Imperial County.    One of the things that we have done for years is try to get banking services in underserved areas, in poor areas, and certainly one of those areas is along the border. The community of San Ysidro and the community of Calexico in the past had a really difficult time trying to get bank branches to open there. But then they were successful through community efforts, as well, I think, as banks saw an opportunity.    One of the things that you do see along the border, of course, are a lot of cash businesses. And the banks, I think, have flourished and done well. And, in fact, I don't think we have had--we have had some problems, but nothing out of the ordinary. But you do see a lot of cash transactions.    Recently we have had a lot of banks close their branches there, in fact, a significant amount. I know I had to go and speak to a couple of the banks to beg them to keep some of the branches open. What they are saying is one of the big reasons is because of this Operation Choke Point, that it has been very difficult for them because of that.    Could you comment on that, if you have any knowledge of that, if you could speak to that at all?    Mr. Vargas. I would appreciate that very much.    Because, again, these are merchants that have been long-time merchants. These are banks that range from literally small community banks all the way up to very, very large banks with huge deposits.    So it is not your little tiny banks who have had problems in the past. It is, frankly, almost all banks that are leaving the border. And this is the issue that they are pointing at.    So, again, I would like to know what is it that you can do when we meet because that, to me, is a great concern. Again, we have tried for years to bring banks into these areas, the bank people, and we have had an opportunity to do that. And it seems like they are all going away now.    Mr. Vargas. Mr. Chairman, those really were my questions. And, again, everyone has very different and unique aspects. We don't have marijuana problems. We don't have other issues. But this is a really big problem for us. So I really appreciate you bringing it forward.