    Mr. Hesselbein. Thank you, Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, and other distinguished members of the committee. It is a privilege to be here today to speak not only on behalf of the Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association but also the Vietnam Helicopter Crew Members Association to speak in favor of H.R. 4298, the Vietnam Helicopter Crew Member Memorial.    We currently are over 10,000 members strong in our two organizations, and we achieve membership by a difficult manner. We are from all branches of service. The commonality, we served the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, and Coast Guard. We earned our membership as combat helicopter pilots and crew members in the Vietnam War, the war as you have heard already described as the helicopter war. I can also say I speak informally for the many Gold Star families who still mourn the loss of their husband, their son, or brother killed while operating a rotary-wing aircraft in Southeast Asia from 1961 to 1975.    We know why we want to honor those in Arlington National Cemetery. We want to make sure that we clarify that this memorial is to honor those who died, the almost 5,000. Some 41 years after the end of the Vietnam War, we are still without a single memorial in the Nation that honors the all-service commitment and dedication, the last full measure that approximately 5,000 rotary-wing pilots, crew chiefs, medics, and door gunners gave during the conflict. And many, might I add, who are buried right now in Arlington National Cemetery.    I would like to remind you that during the Vietnam War, the helicopter became the mainstay for joint operational mobility. 12,000 helicopters, 12,000 helicopters were used by all military services, Army, Navy, Marines, and Air Force, and of those, over 5,000--5,086, were destroyed by enemy fire or mishaps related to the missions they did. The losses because of this incredible mission that they flew were also great: 2,002 pilots killed, 2,704 nonpilot crew members died, and at least 532 United States military passengers perished; 9 percent. We don't have a good number on how many Vietnamese that were carried on our helicopters died while being passengers being medevac'd or being resupplied. We have no numbers on that. But we can say roughly 9 percent of the 58,307 Vietnamese war casualties died in the helicopters.    The helicopters and the brave crews who operated these machines stand as the iconic symbol of the Vietnam War. Virtually all writings, documentaries, and films of the war include remembrances of combat helicopters because they were ubiquitous to the experience of that war.    Despite the Vietnam War being described as the helicopter war, and the UH-1 Iroquois Huey being recognized as the symbol of the war, as I must say again, no specific memorial exists anywhere strictly honoring their sacrifice.    Individual branches do have memorials, such as the United States Army Aviation Museum at Fort Rucker that named 4,347 aviation casualties, but no one memorial remembers them all. No military cemetery to this day possesses a memorial specifically dedicated to those who died in helicopter losses in Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos. No other cemetery, however, provides a superior location to Arlington National Cemetery. And frankly, it is a logical place to honor those who flew and died in the war.    ANC holds the remains of many individual pilots and crew members who were immediately interred during the war. Incidentally, some 20 percent of all casualties who came to be buried during the war that were buried at Arlington National Cemetery, 20 percent of those are helicopter pilots and crew members. One-fifth of all those who died in the war that were buried at Arlington were helicopter pilots and crew members. And incidentally, it is the only military cemetery that holds the recovered remains of missing-in-action crews and others. Section 60 has whole crew members. They call them commingled remains, but they are all at Arlington National Cemetery. And also incidentally, those of you sitting in this room, many of us will also be buried in Arlington National Cemetery, helicopter pilots, members, and such.    I would like to say one thing about the cemetery. You know, it holds symbolic value held nowhere else. If New York City is the heart of the Nation's finances, if Washington, D.C., is the heart of the political place, then Arlington National Cemetery is the heart of our military conscience. It is where we go to remember the cost of the war. It is where we go to see our fallen warriors. And for us veterans of war, it is the place we go to visit our young friends who died in combat.    If you look at this memorial, it is designed to blend in with the aesthetic of Arlington National Cemetery and to reflect what the commingled remains look like in their mixed graves, combined remains, all having one stone, much like that. If you look at it, it is a Huey approaching, it is approaching a safe place. The machine guns are stowed, because they are coming to a place of safety. Below, we have five shields for the branches of service, because every branch of service, to include the Coast Guard, has aviators and crew members buried in Arlington National Cemetery who died during the war. And in the center, the simple words, some taken from Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, express our feelings for their loss.    And I would like to say, it is all going to be done at private expense. We will pay to have it built. We will pay to have it installed, and we have set aside the funds, and we have the funds to have a lifelong trust set up for this thing.    Now, there are voices who say Arlington can't accept additional memorials and all unused ground must be reserved for future graves, but there are places in Arlington National Cemetery that will never have graves. There are utility lines. There are tree roots that can't take 6 feet or 8 feet of digging, but they can certainly take a memorial such as this that only goes about a foot and a half into the ground. It is suitable.    Some fear also, fear as we have said before, that it will result in a flood of legislation. Well, that is simply not held true, as we discussed. Two legislations, and of those two, only one was a combat recognition for men who died during the Battle of the Bulge and women who died in the Battle of the Bulge. That was 14 years ago. And also the reason there won't be another flood--and I will only take 1 minute of your time, with your permission, sir--is that the average age of the veterans of Vietnam is now 72. I am the youngest. I was a 19-year-old gunship pilot in 1972, and I am 64 years old today. You won't have many veterans groups coming to you seeking more memorials, because simply, we are dying. We will be dead soon.    We are not asking for something new. As Executive Director Hallinan spoke, we have been authorized about a foot and a half. A foot and a half for a small tree marker. Well, we looked at the tree markers, 142, and we found most of those are not significant to the casualties or a 13-year war. They are for smaller events and smaller groups, all worthy but not to the magnitude of this loss and this amount of time.    We have a foot and a half of space now. We would like five. And we ask you, representing the people of the United States, to help us with this. We ask you to abide to this and pass bill     Thank you for listening to my witness testimony.    Mr. Hesselbein. We appreciate the opportunity to have our memorial placed in Arlington National Cemetery. We were asked to offer some ideas of where we thought it would be appropriate, and there are certain areas near section 60 that are suitable, section 66. And also, the new parts of Arlington National Cemetery that will be expanding soon, where Henderson Hall space has been given up. There will be no memorials there whatsoever. And that would be certainly an attractive area to sort of I don't want to say add to it, but place memorials more than just the graves.    Mr. Hesselbein. I think our--our primary goal is to get a memorial within Arlington National Cemetery, and we know the staff would be very conscientious in trying to place it in an appropriate place. And, frankly, we would not come to this meeting and tell them, demand where they want it to be, because we know they would be sensitive and put it in an appropriate location.    Mr. Hesselbein. That is a wonderful question. We looked at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial location. There are two additional memorials in there. Then Congress passed a bill literally saying that it would have to come to them. There is incredible inertia against placing any new memorials upon the National Mall. In particular, there is great resistance, in addition to that, to placing any other additional memorials around the Vietnam Veterans Memorial itself.    So we felt that also Arlington, with a great number of casualties, the great number of helicopter pilots who died and crew members who died that are buried there, that is the place to have this. If you haven't been to section 60, go there and look at all the large gray marble slabs of MIA crews being brought home, several crews last year, and they keep coming to Arlington, and that is the place that we would like to see our friends, our brothers, remembered.