    Mr. Posey. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Most people think Members of Congress make all the laws. In my office, four years ago we started collecting the daily register that's delivered to every Member of Congress, 435 Members of Congress, 100 Members of the Senate every day--excuse me--of the executive orders, rules, proposed rules, changes in rules. And I ask people how big do you think that stack is now? And I get answers, you know, from like four feet, six feet, eight feet, ten feet. Well, it's seven stacks over my head now, and that mostly is laws made by unelected people, unelected bureaucrats. It shocks a lot of people, but that's the very issue we're talking about here.    Ms. Kerrigan and Mr. Batkins, how do EPA and DOE regulations hurt those who live paycheck to paycheck, for example, senior citizens or others who may be on a low income level? Ladies first, time is wasting.    Mr. Posey. Okay. Thank you. Mr. Batkins?    Mr. Posey. Do--and back to Ms. Kerrigan and Mr. Batkins, do you foresee any downsides from a healthcare perspective?    Mr. Posey. Yes.    Mr. Posey. I hear from a lot of senior citizens--and I have quite a few in my district--that the pressure is on them to choose between medication and paying their utility bills. Is that a common thread that any of you have seen among seniors?    Mr. Posey. Okay. Mr. Bosworth, could you give examples from your business experience about how excessive regulations have resulted in unintended consequences?    Mr. Posey. But they had the best of intentions when they wrote the rule.    Mr. Posey. If you'll indulge one more question, on automotive air-conditioning, we had to get rid of Freon and we have a replacement now.    Mr. Posey. You know, I'm told you could, you know, breathe all the Freon you want, too, and it won't hurt you.    Mr. Posey. It'll get you high? We better not----    Mr. Posey. --broadcast that.    Mr. Posey. Yes. But I'm told if you breathe the replacement stuff, it can kill you.    Mr. Posey. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.