    Ms. Bauscher. Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, members of the committee, on behalf of the School Nutrition Association's 55,000 members, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the vital role of school meal programs.    School nutrition professionals know the meals we provide can be the most nutritious meals that many children receive. We are passionate about supporting the 30 million students we serve every day. Our job is to nourish them for a successful school day and help them make healthier choices.    Too often in schools across the country, students line up early at the cafeteria door on Monday mornings, hungry for school breakfast after a weekend without enough food to eat at home. We all know growling stomachs can easily distract students, affecting their academic achievement.    With Congress' support, we have been working diligently to meet students' nutritional needs so they can give teachers their full attention. We are improving school lunch, expanding breakfast, and offering more afterschool snacks, suppers and summer meals so students have access to healthy meals, even when school is not in session.    These supplementary meals not only ease food insecurity among students, but also strengthens school meal programs. The more meals and snacks we serve, the less likely our programs will become a financial burden on school district budgets.    To ensure we contribute to healthier diets, SNA members support new regulations limiting calories and unhealthy fat in school meals. We are proud to offer more whole grains, larger servings and a wider variety of fruits and vegetables, and menus with less sodium.    Schools are committed to making these healthy choices appealing with initiatives like Taste Test, Farm-to-School, and Cornell University's Smarter Lunchroom Techniques. In my district, we have steadily increased the quantity of local foods we serve, and work with a local chef to make nutritious recipes delicious.    School nutrition professionals do not want to lose ground on these improvements. SNA will continue to support healthy changes. But Congress must address the sharp increase in cost and waste and the historic decline in student lunch participation under the new rules.    For 30 years, the National School Lunch Program has grown steadily. Under the new rules, 1.4 million fewer students choose school lunch each day. Paid lunch participation has fallen by 15 percent, as students opt out of healthy school meals too often in favor of less nutritious alternatives.    SNA is encouraged to see participation in the free meal category climb, with schools' access to the community eligibility provision. In the 96 schools in my district participating in CEP, daily lunch participation is up 8 percent, and no one has to worry about embarrassing a student without lunch money.    However, schools outside of high poverty areas do not qualify for CEP. These schools struggle the most with decreasing participation which reduces revenue when costs are rising. This year schools must absorb $1.2 billion in added costs as a result of the new rules. Even in my district where CEP has increased revenue, I am experiencing a decline in my program's reserve fund.    School meal programs operate on extremely tight budgets. We must cover labor and benefits, supplies, equipment, indirect and other costs, leaving about $1.25 to spend on the food for each lunch tray. This year, each half pint of milk costs my program a nickel more than last year. That one nickel adds over $700,000 in new expenses.    Meanwhile, a half-cup of fresh fruit, on average, costs me 38 cents. This year, I reluctantly added juice back to my high school lunch menus as a cost saving measure. I haven't served juice at lunch in 15 years in an effort to serve more fiber-rich, whole fruits.    School meal programs can only cut so much. Without some relief, increased costs will impact more than the school meal programs; they will impact school district budgets as a whole. SNA has been supporting members in addressing all these challenges and will continue these efforts. We are working with partners, including Share Our Strength, on initiatives like best practices webinars and education sessions, and we are working with USDA on its Team Up for School Nutrition Success Initiative.    We appreciate the committee's recognition of the importance of strong school nutrition programs and your consideration of the school cafeteria perspective. SNA's members will be a resource in ongoing discussions. We encourage all members of Congress to visit a school cafeteria and talk with school nutrition professionals about their unique successes and challenges.    Thank you, again, for inviting me here today, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Ms. Bauscher. Absolutely not.    Ms. Bauscher. Yes, sir. I recently, this past weekend, attended the school nutrition association of New Hampshire's conference, and I have actually talked to two managers in a district that recently went to a contract management company, or off of the school lunch program, because they could not meet the current requirements and satisfy students' needs.    Across the country, there have been a number of districts or schools that have come off of the program, primarily in areas where there is a low number of at-risk students. They have got the money to buy other things, and, under the current guidelines, it is difficult with the reimbursement that we receive to meet the students' needs given the requirements, for example, that we make them take a fruit or vegetable. If that goes in the trash, then we are throwing resources away that could be used to improve the program in other areas, potentially meet some their needs, or to provide nutrition education which teaches them the importance of eating healthier choices.    Ms. Bauscher. Well, for example, again, a requirement the students must take a half cup of a fruit or vegetables, we are asking for flexibility to allow the school food authority to determine whether or not students have to take that component.    The good news is, students across the country are becoming more accepting and comfortable with a wide variety of fruits and vegetables and SNA supports the larger serving sizes and the wider variety that we offer. But, again, if that fruit or vegetable goes in the trash, we are throwing valuable resources away that could be used to improve the program in other areas.    Regarding the whole grain requirement, beginning July 1 of this year, 100 percent of the breads and grains that we serve have to be whole-grain rich. Most districts are exceeding or were exceeding the requirement that at least 50 percent of the whole grains be whole-grain rich.    But across the country in regions there are particular items; where I live in the south, its biscuits. In the deeper south it is biscuits and grits. In the northeast, it is that New York-style bagel and in the southwest it is tortillas; where many school food authorities struggle to find a product available in their area that is acceptable to their students.    That is the flexibility that we need in order to plan and serve meals that are appealing to our students, keep them in the cafeteria. We, of course, realize how important it is for them to consume our food and be ready for the teachers to teach them.    Ms. Bauscher. It can cost more, especially the costs around fruits and vegetables right now. Half cup serving of kiwi, which is one of my students' favorite fruits, is currently 80 cents. Therefore, I have to limit how much I offer. I have instructed my managers to continue to purchase kiwi; kids love it, they will pick it up. But only to include a slice of it in a fruit cup that contains other, less expensive fruit.    Ms. Bauscher. We received an additional--    Ms. Bauscher. That is not enough.    Ms. Bauscher. SNA is requesting 35 cents more for each lunch and for each breakfast. That will help school food authorities afford the foods that we must serve. But, unfortunately, that won't make students consume it. And that is what we are also focused on is finding ways to ensure students will eat the healthy foods that we are making available to them and not throw it in the trash, which is throwing away very valuable resources.    Ms. Bauscher. Yes, there are. There are--    Ms. Bauscher. But there--    Mr. Scott.--nutritional--    Ms. Bauscher. There are also studies; Cornell University study that showed there was an additional $684 million, or $1.3 million a day, of fresh fruits and vegetables going in the trash. In our own member surveys, members have reported to us especially fruits and vegetables are the most often components that students are pitching as they go through the serving line. And I think that we need to be concerned--    Ms. Bauscher. Yes, there are.    Ms. Bauscher. First of all, the new meal requirements do require us to offer fat free, flavored and unflavored, milk and 1 percent unflavored milk. These milk varieties have been widely accepted by students in many, many programs. Many school food authorities transitioned to those varieties in anticipation of the new rules.    To the question of increasing participation in the programs, again, I think that school food service directors and school managers who are the most passionate people I know in any profession, need a little bit of--we keep coming back to flexibility in terms of being able to prepare and serve menu items that appeal to students. That may mean the ability to serve a refined grain tortilla instead of a whole grain tortilla, or to offer grits at breakfast in the south. We believe that we can increase participation in the program that way.    And, most importantly, we want this program to be acceptable and available to all students. I mentioned in my testimony that participation in the free category has increased and we are very grateful for that.    Pay participation is down, however, and one of the unintended negative consequences of decreases in paid meal participation is that free students who live in food insecure environments and need healthy school meals may not participate because they are afraid of the stigma associated with school lunch and they do not want to be identified as needy or poor.    So, again, we want the flexibility to prepare and serve meals to students that they will consume happily.    Ms. Bauscher. We worked on a contract basis with a local chef, a wonderful chef, who not only helped us revise our recipes but also did healthy food demonstrations for students during the school day and for parents at evening events. I think it is important that we teach families how to prepare healthy meals at home.    So we worked with him. We established also something called Student Nutrition Advisory Councils which many districts implement that strategy for ensuring input from students so that before we produce a recipe in a vast quantity, I have a central kitchen so I prepare 200 gallons of some products at a time, we know that it is going to appeal to students. So we test taste products with those students.    We also work to provide samples of new menu items in the cafeteria, and one of my priorities for next school year is to continue develop partnerships with school site-based PTAs and other parent groups that can help us do that sampling in the cafeteria because we don't have enough hands to do that.    It does increase participation and pickup of those items in some instances. But, overall, I have had an increase in participation because I participate in CEP. In my non-CEP schools, my participation is still off at breakfast and lunch by 3 percent.    So we are trying new items, encouraging them to take new items. I agree with Mrs. McAuliffe, we must teach children why it is important to eat healthy. We know we are helping them establish lifelong eating habits and we take that very seriously and passionately.    Ms. Bauscher. Yes, we prepare our summer meals in our central kitchen. We provide those meals to Willow Metro government; they are also a summer sponsor through the Community Action Partnership Program. We provide meals to them.    Two years ago, I started a bus stop cafe. Our transportation department donated a bus to us and we outfitted it to provide summer meals. We go throughout the community to at-risk neighborhoods, mobile home parks, public pools, the Greenwood boat dock on the Ohio River, and feed kids through that program. It has been tremendously received and very successful.    We added a second bus last summer. We have not added a bus for this summer but we are partnering with a group that is donating books to kids and wants them to have access to them in the summer, so there is going to be a book buggy following the bus. Local arts groups have contacted us and want to be able to provide some arts programming for students during the summer at the sites where we are providing meals.    Mr. Guthrie.--I live in Bullitt County--    Ms. Bauscher. Great partnerships.    Ms. Bauscher. And I would agree with Mr. Storen's comments, more options for delivering that program would be very helpful. I know, particularly at my bus sites which are outside, one of the problems we face is the extreme heat in the summertime. It would be great if the students could take those meals with them on a regular basis. That would be very helpful.    I think we could also look at the paperwork involved in implementing these programs. If that could be streamlined in some fashion. Improving the way in which we approve sites for participation in the program would also be helpful.    Ms. Bauscher. I do not. And I do not know of anyone who does.    Ms. Bauscher. Oh, absolutely, yes.    Ms. Bauscher. Well, we do that by regularly monitoring what occurs in the cafeteria at the point of sale to assure that we are offering reimbursable meals. We do training all of the time to make sure that our cashiers understand what the requirements are.    Ms. Bauscher. The eligibility--we do verification and--    Ms. Bauscher. Well, we pull a sample of the applications that we approve and we send letters to households asking them to provide proof of income. And we do that if anyone in the community were to report a potential case of fraud. We can verify for cause. So we do that regularly.    To Mr. Storen's message about streamlining this and making it more effective, I think one of the things that many states are doing and I am very fortunate to be in Kentucky because we do an excellent job of directly certifying students for free meal benefits--    Ms. Bauscher. Yes. Now, we still have to collect applications for those students who may not be directly certified who aren't receiving other federal benefits--    Ms. Bauscher. Yes.    Ms. Bauscher. But, in my district, 55 percent of my students are directly certified for direct free meal benefits. That means 55 percent of my households don't have to complete a free and reduced meal application in order for their students to receive benefits.    Ms. Bauscher. Yes, I do.    Ms. Bauscher. Again, in my district and in many districts around the country, we have got very diverse communities where sometimes there are communication barriers. We often work with students on helping, you know, having the student translate to their parents for us to help them complete an application. They are afraid of the process and intimidated by the process so--    Ms. Bauscher. Okay.    Ms. Bauscher. Again, it is their inability to provide foods that their students are familiar with and will consume. Those are the primary concerns. We also see some concerns around providing program simplification which--    Ms. Bauscher. Simplification--    Ms. Bauscher. There are districts that need more support--or technical assistance, and SNA has been one of the leaders in offering our members that support, again, through best practices webinars, education sessions offered at our conferences. We have over 100 education sessions scheduled for our summer conference this year. Our state affiliates are also providing training. So that equips food service directors and food service managers with strategies they can use to encourage kids to make healthier choices, but it doesn't control the cost of those items often, and it doesn't make kids consume them. So, yes, training and technical assistance is important but it won't solve all of our problems.    Ms. Bauscher. So, let me first say, SNA supported the Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act, and we support the Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act today. What we are asking for is under the most restrictive requirements in the law, primarily around grains and fruits and vegetables, some sensible flexibility that will allow districts to operate programs in a fiscally-sound way.    As I mentioned, when Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act began, I had a 3-month operating balance. Operating balances around the country are used to provide program improvement. It may be improving the equipment that the food is prepared in and with. It may be improving the decor in the cafeteria so that it is an inviting place for students to consume healthy meals.    Since that time through February of this year, my operating fund balance has decreased by 1.2 months. What that means is I have got 1.8 months operating balance so the--and it is mainly due to the increased cost of meeting the standards. And a lot of the food that the students don't like goes in the trash, and that is precious--    Ms. Bauscher. Okay.    Ms. Bauscher. Again, kids like what they like and kiwi is one of the things that they really like and, yes, more money would help me provide that and potentially help them consume that since it includes something that they like.    So I think that we need to stay focused on teaching kids the importance of consuming healthy foods. We need to continue to make them available in the cafeteria but, again, if I lose or my program reserves continue to decline and program operates in the red, I have to hold out my hand to my administration and ask them to cover my deficit, and that is occurring in more and more districts around the country.    So we all recognize the critical importance of these programs in assuring that kids are prepared to learn and in moving the needle on student achievement. We want to make sure that all of our students are prepared for success throughout their lives. So these programs are critical and, you know, when the program goes in the red, a school potentially goes off of the program, we are not able to provide the support they need.    Ms. Bauscher. We do not collect that information in our program. It is possible, but the other departments within the district might collect that information. I think that we would be happy to get back to you.    Ms. Bauscher. Donna Martin, who is the director in your area--    Ms. Bauscher. Well, it currently is only available in areas where at least 50 percent of the--    Ms. Bauscher. So making programs like that more accessible, you--because even a lot of our paid-students need to learn where their food comes from, so making it more widely available would support the current requirement.    Ms. Bauscher. First, let me say that a lot of districts are offering salad bars and more vegetarian options, but school food authorities are as diverse as your Congressional districts; not all school food authorities have the resources to do that. Salad bars, for example--    Ms. Bauscher. And--