    Mr. Grimm. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio and members of the committee. My name is Michael Grimm, and I am the Assistant Administrator for Mitigation for the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Thank you for the opportunity to testify about FEMA's efforts to strengthen our National Flood Insurance Program compliance with the Endangered Species Act in Oregon, as well as the associated implications, nationwide.    In response to lawsuits brought under ESA, FEMA has been required, either by the courts or through settlement agreements with plaintiffs, to undertake consultations under the ESA on implementation of the NFIP in particular communities and regions. In consultations undertaken in Monroe County, Florida, the Puget Sound region of Washington, and in Oregon, the Services--in some cases the National Marine Fisheries Service, or NMFS, and in other cases the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service--have found that the implementation of the NFIP in those areas was likely to jeopardize the continued existence of threatened and endangered species, and adversely modify designated critical habitat. When a jeopardy opinion is issued, the Services must also provide reasonable and prudent alternatives, if any, to a proposed action.    The RPA is a recommended set of program changes that will ensure a proposed action is implemented in a manner that will not jeopardize species, as well as the adverse modification of critical habitats.    Up until the consultation conducted with NMFS in Oregon, all of the RPAs from consultations had been able to be implemented, consistent with the NFIP and what we at FEMA call performance-based standards. FEMA uses performance-based standards to implement the NFIP throughout our 22,000 participating communities. FEMA recognizes that there are any number of ways in which a committee can meet the minimum flood plain management criteria established by FEMA for a community to participate in the NFIP.    Performance-based standards provide flexibility for communities to meet the requirements of the ESA in a way that makes sense to them. In like manner, the RPAs FEMA implemented prior to the Oregon consultation operated within this framework, allowing FEMA to work collaboratively with communities to ensure compliance with the requirements of the Endangered Species Act in a way that made sense to each individual community.    For example, FEMA's implementation of the RPA resulting from the Puget Sound Washington area consultation with NMFS provided communities flexibility to implement an approach to preserve ESA-listed species and their designated critical habitat in a manner that is consistent with local decisions and land use. While some communities chose to adopt a model ordinance to ensure compliance with the requirements of ESA, others have the flexibility to demonstrate through existing codes and standards that they are already meeting these important standards.    Still others chose a third option, demonstrating compliance on a permit-by-permit basis. The RPA resulting from the Oregon consultation with NMFS, however, is different. In Oregon, NMFS issued an RPA that differs from the Puget Sound performance-based standard approach, following a prescriptive approach, instead.    If implemented as written, the RPA in Oregon will result in expansion of areas mapped within the special flood hazard area to include areas likely to flood based on data reflecting the anticipated impacts of climate change, and will require enhanced regulatory flood plain management criteria going beyond the minimum standards currently required as a condition of participation in the National Flood Insurance Program.    Changing FEMA's regulations to accommodate these requirements of the RPA in Oregon will not only impact how FEMA administers the NFIP in Oregon, but across the Nation in all 22,000 communities that participate in the NFIP.    Environmental stewardship is an important responsibility, and FEMA is committed to doing everything within our authority to ensure that the NFIP is compliant with the ESA. At FEMA we believe in the whole-community approach in accomplishing our mission. As such, we will continue a close working relationship with NMFS and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, as well as working with our State, local, and tribal partners to make sure we accomplish our goals.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to answering any questions the committee may have.    Mr. Grimm. Mr. Grimm. No.    Mr. Grimm. When we change our regulation, it applies to all 22,000 communities.    Mr. Grimm. Correct.    Mr. Grimm. We have in-house counsel, sir.    Mr. Grimm. That we can only do what is within our authorities, and there are concerns over a number of the RPAs being outside of our current authorities.    Mr. Grimm. I--yes. And for the RPAs that are not within our legal authorities, we would seek other alternative RPAs, working with the States and the communities to implement the intent of the RPAs as issued by Marine Fisheries.    Mr. Grimm. Correct.    Mr. Grimm. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Grimm. We don't, sir.    Mr. Grimm. Yes. From FEMA's perspective, when you include the climate change, the erosion zones, future conditions hydrology, we would expect flood plains to significantly increase and then the applicable flood plain management regulations would apply through the RPA----    Mr. Grimm. Yes, sir. When we revise our regulations, that would apply.    Mr. Grimm. Absolutely. The Technical Mapping Advisory Council was established by BW-12 to provide guidance to FEMA and advice on our mapping standards.    Mr. Grimm. They do have a seat on that.    Mr. Grimm. The committee has proposed some future conditions mapping, some erosion mapping, not necessarily in line with what the RPAs are recommending. That is one of our concerns, is that Congress established TMAC----    Mr. Grimm . To provide guidance to FEMA. And when I personally was involved with the negotiations with Marine Fisheries on this, this was one of the key issues that I brought up, in that the RPAs must be aligned with recommendations from the map and advisory council, and that is one of our----    Mr. Grimm. There are differences.    Mr. Grimm. Yes, for----    Mr. Grimm. Thank you, sir. From FEMA's perspective, you are right, there is one reference to a legal requirement or a regulatory change in the RPAs. We are currently evaluating that. We believe there are going to be a number of other regulatory changes that are required, particularly around redefinition of the special flood hazard area and minimum standards.    Mr. Grimm. Sure, thank you. When FEMA issues regulations, it impacts over 22,000 communities. We have designed our regulations so that we implement a consistent, uniform program, nationwide. One of the concerns that we have, as the RPAs are written, and the ongoing State-by-State lawsuits and implementation, is inconsistent implementation of the NFIP. So we would see, as we implement any regulatory changes to address the RPAs in Oregon, that would impact the entire United States.    Mr. Grimm. Yes. From FEMA's perspective we do have concerns over a number of the RPAs being outside of our regulatory authority. For those RPAs that we believe are outside of our regulatory authority, we would work with committees and States to develop alternative RPAs such as what Ms. Shirley indicated. We are trying to work that flexibility to implement something that makes sense to communities and States.    Mr. Grimm. Yes, sir. The--when FEMA changes its regulations, they will apply to all participating communities, including over 22,000 communities, and including those nearly 1,400 communities that participate in the community rating system that are already implementing higher standards, often to the benefit of species.    Mr. Grimm. Not from FEMA's perspective, and not--speaking on behalf of NMFS. Everybody--communities, individuals, and State and Federal Government have responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act. If they withdraw from the flood insurance program, their--FEMA's involvement in that compliance with the Endangered Species Act, for example, through these RPAs, that would not apply. There would be other requirements that--I can't speak for NMFS or the Services, but that would apply.    Mr. Grimm. I am not aware of any right now in Ohio. There are other States--California, Florida, we had some in Arizona.    Mr. Grimm. Could you clarify which part?    Mr. Grimm. Sure. Yes, it is an interesting process, the consultation process is fed-to-fed, essentially. I personally had direct involvement in the RPA negotiations, or with Marine Fisheries, and recommended performance-based standards over prescriptive, recognizing that that is how we implement the National Flood Insurance Program, so that communities can come up with different alternative ways to implement this.    So, it does add a tremendous level of complexity, I think, to local government land-use decisions and authorities.    Mr. Grimm. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today to discuss the complexities of what is going on with this issue.    Mr. Grimm. Yes, ma'am. The resource issue is a real issue. If this applies to 22,000 communities, it is not only a resource issue at FEMA and our regional offices to implement something of this magnitude, but to our State and local and tribal partners that would also be implementing the recommendations through the National Marine Fisheries Service RPAs, if we change our regulations to implement.    Mr. Grimm. Thank you. It is a unique process, Federal-to-Federal. And in fact, the engagement that FEMA had with NMFS during the development of the RPAs was unique. I personally was involved with discussions with NMFS with the Regional Administrator----    Mr. Grimm. Yes, ma'am. What we are going to do now--input wasn't necessarily conducted through the NMFS process in the development of the RPAs. That could be, I believe, done better. I can't speak on behalf of NMFS.    However, now that the RPAs are out, FEMA's intent in implementing the RPAs is to work closely with State, community, and tribal partners to develop reasonable alternatives for any of the RPAs that aren't within our authorities, and implement----    Mr. Grimm. Sure. Federal agencies comply with Executive Order 11988, which--for flood plain management. So each Federal agency is responsible for looking at if they are in the flood plain, mitigation strategies to reduce damages----    Mr. Grimm. I don't, but we can follow up and----    Mr. Grimm. Yes, ma'am. Thank you.    Mr. Grimm. Sure. It is similar to other ongoing issues across other States in that we are being challenged in regard to consulting on the implementation of the National Flood Insurance Program, and its role in private--we believe, from FEMA's perspective--in private flood plain development.    So, similar to Oregon, we are being challenged at looking at implementation through the permitting process, the flood plain management, as well as our mapping standards, as we implement in communities throughout Florida.    Mr. Grimm. For the public process in Oregon?    Mr. Grimm. In Florida? I do not believe so at this point. This is a--again, similar to the Oregon--that Federal-to-Federal consultation process that doesn't necessarily include public process.    Mr. Grimm. Mr. Grimm. Thank you, ma'am. So, FEMA maps flood plains. And one of the areas of--that we do map associated with levees. And levees have to meet certain standards in order for FEMA to reflect the reduced risk behind levees. The Army Corps builds levees and then certifies levees, and then we update the map to show that reduced risk. Once Army Corps gets through that process of constructing the levee and then certifying the levee to FEMA to certify that so that we can then remove that flood area behind the levee, and then the insurance requirements change based on that newly mapped zone.    Mr. Grimm. After the----    Mr. Grimm . Certifies? I don't want to say that depends, but that depends. It can take some time. It can take up to a year or two. I can't give you a certain date. I am not familiar with that particular situation. In some cases, when we have all of that data well ahead of time--hopefully that is occurring in this case, and I can certainly look into that for you to find out a little bit more about the case for your situation, though.    Mr. Grimm. Absolutely, sir. I know the State very well, and your State is very progressive.    Mr. Grimm. Could you clarify? I am----    Mr. Grimm. Well, I think the pre-disaster/post-disaster mitigation discussion is a very interesting and tough discussion. As you know, HMGP dollars for mitigation, the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, provide dollars post-disaster.    Mr. Grimm. I think there is the other side of the coin with pre-disaster mitigation, and the pre-disaster mitigation program that provides States that don't have as many disasters, provides dollars available.    For example, this year we had $100 million available under the pre-disaster mitigation program. We just announced those awards. We receive four times the dollar--in applications than dollars available. So there is, to your point, a huge----    Mr. Grimm . Need for mitigation.    Mr. Grimm. Yes.    Mr. Grimm. Federal insurance mitigation? Yes.    Mr. Grimm. I don't have that. That is a little bit out of my program lane. I would be glad to get those statistics for you, though.    Mr. Grimm. I will. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Grimm. From a FEMA perspective, what I am concerned about is inconsistent implementation across the Nation as a result of the RPAs, and as we implement regulations that affect all communities.    You know, as you know, Congress designed the NFIP to be implemented at the local and State level where land-use authority resides, and that is how we have been implementing it since 1968, and working with communities to make smart mitigation strategies and implement mitigation decisions.    Mr. Grimm. I think the inconsistent implementation of the NFIP across the Nation could be a significant challenge.    Mr. Grimm. I think the best answer for that is we are still looking at available data for that model, and particularly looking at the mapping and advisory council recommendations, and what they would recommend to FEMA.    Mr. Grimm. That is something we are still working out, sir.    Mr. Grimm. So the RPA 1 required outreach and education. That letter was part of meeting the requirements from National Marine Fisheries Service in implementation of RPA number 1.    Interesting part about these RPAs are there are two sets of RPAs, the interim measures, as you pointed out, and the long-term measures that, you know, go out to 2021. We have some options, as you point out, in terms of a community could adopt that type of prohibition. FEMA has no intent to go and suspend or implement compliance until we get our guidance out. Our intent is to work with the States, communities, and National Marine Fisheries----    Mr. Grimm. No, we have not set a new deadline.    Mr. Grimm. I can get back to you on that, sir.    Mr. Grimm. No, we don't have biologists on staff, per se. We can, you know, contract out, for example, to get those services. That is my understanding of that particular alternative, and that is one that I had involvement in negotiating. That is the type of flexibility that we wanted to get in there. My understanding, though, is that the----    Mr. Grimm. I----    Mr. Grimm. Yes, sir.    Mr. Grimm. I can't speak on behalf of the National Marine Fisheries Service in terms of the process with development of the RPAs.    Mr. Grimm. You know, as I stated, the process that was used was very unique, that FEMA got, I believe, extra time to try to negotiate and work through these RPAs to make them more flexible. And from a FEMA perspective, as well, when, for example, we work with communities to either develop ordinances or new mapping products, even, we do hold series of committee meetings in the mapping process, for example, to get data, to talk through----    Mr. Grimm. Yes.    Mr. Grimm. Two parts to that. FEMA believes the--from a FEMA perspective--that the Washington State RPA is working, and we appreciate the flexibility in that implementation so we can work with communities.    If we do change our regulatory requirements, that would apply nationwide. And I imagine it is--I am kind of speculating here--it could impact the way Washington implements the current----    Mr. Grimm. I believe that is a possibility, sir.    Mr. Grimm. Sure. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Grimm. Under our grant programs, there is a number of mitigation options. Acquisitions is one of those options. It is a voluntary program, so that, as a community develops its mitigation strategies, it will submit--the community will submit projects to the State, who will then submit projects to FEMA. And that can happen either post-disaster, under our Hazard Mitigation Grant Program, under our flood mitigation assistance program that is largely directed at these repetitive loss properties, or under our pre-disaster mitigation program.    Under all three of those grant programs, voluntary programs for property owner to participate in the acquisition, the grantee, the State, and the community--the sub-grantee, generally--sign an agreement to de-restrict those properties in perpetuity, as you point out, to prevent future losses.    Under our current framework and laws and authorities and program implementation, that does not permit certain development back on to those properties. It has to be compatible with open space. FEMA--for example, parks, recreation----    Mr. Grimm. Preserving natural beneficial functions with the--under the Endangered--in line with, for example, this discussion on endangered species. Over the years, FEMA has spent approximately $2.5 billion on acquisitions in this--across the Nation to acquire acquisition properties, at-risk properties, and keep those in perpetuity.    Mr. Grimm. Yes, sir. We will have somebody reach out directly to those officials following this hearing. And in--could you repeat the----    Mr. Grimm. So I think, as communities and States develop their mitigation strategies, that is really the time and place to start thinking about whether or not they want to do that activity. Because, frankly, sir, sometimes when you do the onesies and twosies, it creates a checkerboard pattern, and it creates a situation that you are talking about. So, working through hazard mitigation planning, and looking at long-term strategies, and whether or not we--the community wants to go down that mitigation option.    Mr. Grimm. So I think one of the big concerns that we have are the prescriptive nature. So the flexibility that we have seen in other areas, or increased flexibility in general, on the way this can be implemented at the State and local level----    Mr. Grimm. The----    Mr. Grimm. Correct. You know, we are concerned about that uniform implementation. But the performance-based standards over prescriptive standards that are reflected in the Oregon     Mr. Grimm. As related to the implementation of the RPAs?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Yes, that is correct.    Mr. Grimm. So it is the participation in the flood insurance program and the flood plain management standards that would take precedence----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. So as long as----    Mr. Grimm. So----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. But if a community chose--if a community, if a county, if a parish in Louisiana, if a city chose to opt for entirely private insurance, would this apply?    Mr. Grimm. And withdrew from the flood insurance program?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. That is correct.    Mr. Grimm. Then, no, FEMA would not be involved with implementing the RPAs through our FEMA program.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK. So we would have dire consequences for these endangered species. I am being facetious. OK, so I just wanted to make that point.    Number two, let me ask another question. In regard to some of the elevation requirements that are in place regarding having to build above base flood elevation, in this case--and I apologize, having gone through some of the specific details in Oregon as much as, obviously, Mr. DeFazio has, but is elevating above these flood plains, is that an option under these RPAs in some areas?    Mr. Grimm. That is one of the options we want to explore on the alternatives. Right now there are certain prohibitions entirely in certain parts of the flood plain. So, from FEMA's perspective, that is not an option in some areas of the flood plain. In other areas, where they give us--we talked about a alternative a little while ago. That is what we would want to explore. And that is the type of performance-based standard that we implement in the NFIP.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. All right, I am going to pivot to a couple of other questions.    If someone's vulnerability under NFIP--meaning their actuarial risk increased not as a result of something they did, but maybe as a result of something their neighbor did, how would that work in regard to the premiums that homeowner would be paying?    So, give you a scenario. If I had a creek in my backyard and decided I didn't like it any more, and I decided to fill it in, which then made the water run and make my neighbor's home more vulnerable, what would happen in that case?    Mr. Grimm. So, under the flood plain management regulations, that would be in a--going along with the scenario here, that would be--fill in the flood way that the local community would have to go permit, they would go through a no-rise certificate, we call it, so----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Now, what would happen if that scenario resulted from the Federal Government's actions?    Mr. Grimm. We would have to work with that other Federal partner to evaluate any impacts upstream or downstream to eliminate any upstream or downstream----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And the State of Louisiana, following Biggert-Waters and the subsequent tweaks that occurred in 2014, folks have seen flood insurance rates increase, in some cases, 1,000 percent in some of the extreme cases. And FEMA blames this upon actuarial analyses that have been done. Yet when you look at the actual vulnerability, it is largely tied back to Federal Government actions, specifically the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Do you think that is fair?    Mr. Grimm. I am not familiar with that particular case. The insurance----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Do you think it is fair if someone's vulnerability or risk of flooding increased because of someone else's actions, that they should be paying higher premiums?    Mr. Grimm. The NFIP requirements prohibit a neighbor--in your example, for example--to increase flood hazards on a downstream or upstream neighbor. So we would look to the communities to ensure that is not happening.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. OK. But in this case, again, it would be the Federal Government that is causing this to happen.    I want to change gears again. Something else that we have been spending a lot of time focused on--I heard Mr. Davis citing the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers--right now in the Federal Government you have hazard mitigation policies. And, as you have stated FEMA runs, I think, three different programs that you could--pre-disaster mitigation, hazard mitigation, and others, where you could potentially mitigate some risk or vulnerabilities.    The Corps of Engineers has a flood protection program. HUD did their design competition. Under this budget request Interior now has--well, there is an attempt for Interior to create a resiliency program. What efforts are you all taking at FEMA to try to coordinate with all of these various resilience efforts and programs out there to reduce your liability under     Mr. Grimm. So some of the design competition, for example, my staff participate on those panels to look at the different types of projects.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Do you engage with the Corps of Engineers? Do you engage with other agencies, as well?    Mr. Grimm. Absolutely. We have a very close relationship----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. So in the case of Louisiana, where we just had a 1,000-year flood, 7 trillion gallons of water come down, 31 inches of rain in 36 hours, in some areas; there was a Corps of Engineers project that has been around since the early 1980s, been around about 30 years. The only component of the project that has been built is this little bayou control structure that literally is a bathtub that connects to nothing. It is not designed to be a reservoir. It is just--it is a component of a project that doesn't connect to anything yet--30 years, yet this is on track, as I understand it to be, the fourth most costly flood disaster in U.S. history. Extraordinary vulnerabilities to the flood insurance program.    Do you see that as being good use and good stewards of taxpayer dollars, to have this fundamental disconnect and a 30-year project with the Corps of Engineers, yet all of this hundreds of millions of dollars are now going to be expended by     Mr. Grimm. Yes, I can't speak for the Corps of Engineers on funding for the project or where it stands, in terms of----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Last question, Mr. Chairman.    Under the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program and other programs, there are many cases the State of Louisiana has tried to come in and use those funds to help protect entire communities, not just elevate individual homes, which does have a role in some cases. But let's keep in mind, when flood is coming, you elevate individual homes, the homes are now islands. Their cars are flooded, they can't get to the job, grocery stores, or whatever else.    Do you think it is reasonable to restrict or prevent Hazard Mitigation Grant Program funds to be used to build out these federally authorized projects that Congress itself at some point said was worthwhile and in the public interest? Do you think that that duplication of benefits or restriction or prohibition on using those funds is--really makes much sense?    Mr. Grimm. Well, right now we are prohibited from using the dollars for----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I am aware of what right now is, but I am wondering if you think that is reasonable policy.    Mr. Grimm. It is----    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. To leave a project in the construction process for 30 or 40 years, leave people vulnerable. You got money on the table, design for resilience, but then prohibiting them from building a project that achieves----    Mr. Grimm. Yes, it is the current law that we have to follow.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. But that wasn't my question. Do you think it is appropriate? Do you think it is reasonable?    Mr. Grimm. I think the funds that FEMA has for mitigation that we work through State and local governments that then prioritize--so, for example, in Louisiana right now we are going to work very closely with the State of Louisiana to develop mitigation strategies that may involve flood control projects at the local or State level, or mitigation strategies for individual homeowners. We will certainly coordinate with the Corps of Engineers on a Federal project. However, we are prohibited from cost sharing on those projects, by law.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. So you think it is unreasonable. You agree with me. Thank you.