    Mr. Meadows. I will yield to the gentleman from Ohio for two questions, and then take up the balance. How about that?    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Milholland, let me tell you the issue that most Americans have with this. Storage is cheap. I mean, we have gotten to a point where even storage of millions of records is really cheap. We have gotten to a situation where it would have been so much easier when the first hearing happened, not 24 hearings later, but the first hearing, to say, you know what? Gosh, we are going to have this problem. We had better preserve everything. What precluded you from doing that, from preserving everything at that point? When Lois Lerner first came in here and took the 5th, what stopped you from saying let us just preserve everything?    Mr. Meadows. Now, you cannot recall the subject coming up. It was in the headlines, I mean, almost every major newspaper, and the subject did not come up about keeping it? And yet your testimony today says that you are NARA compliant. Would you care to revise your statement, because I do not believe that you are NARA compliant at this point. Having the National Archives underneath my subcommittee, I would probably beg to differ with that. So would you like to revise your ----    Mr. Meadows. All right. So are you NARA compliant?    Mr. Meadows. No, there is a ``yes'' or ``no.'' ``Generally'' is if I am speeding and I generally go below the speed limit I do not get a ticket. But only those couple of times that I go beyond the speed limit I actually do get a speed limit ticket. Tell me, are you compliant or not?    Mr. Meadows. Then you are not NARA compliant.    Mr. Meadows. You are making progress I think is what they are saying.    Mr. Meadows. But today you are not NARA compliant, which means that all communication would be preserved, would it not?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So if you have work to do, then you can revise your statement that you are NARA compliant because obviously you are not.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me go a little bit further, and I am going to piggyback on what the chairman talked about. Mr. Killen, why is it taking so long? I mean, why is this taking so long for us to get it right? Why December of 2016?    Mr. Meadows. So it is OMB's fault.    Mr. Meadows. So it would not have anything to do with the change of Administration.    Mr. Meadows. Well, do you not find it curious that December 2016 and Administration change would happen within 20 days of that date?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. All right. So let me go on a little bit further because part of this whole hearing process has been other types of communications. And you all have been very careful to say ``email communications,'' but there are a number of other electronic communications that go on the system and go back and forth. Is that correct, Mr. Milholland?    Mr. Meadows. Yeah. I mean, do you not have substantial communications among some senior-level people at the IRS that happens outside of email?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. How about on text messages or instant messaging?    Mr. Meadows. You do not. Does anybody there use instant messaging?    Mr. Meadows. Yeah. You know, our gray hair probably throws this away, but I will go to the end. Mr. Killen, I am sure you do, do you not?    Mr. Meadows. I figured you would, so it may be a general thing. But, Mr. Killen, do you use that instant messaging to do anything more than ``is it time to go to lunch or a coffee break?'' I mean, do you conduct business on instant messaging?    Mr. Meadows. Has there ever been a case where you have used instant messaging for business?    Mr. Meadows. Yeah. And so, here is the issue, Mr. Milholland, and I am going to finish with this. Storage has become cheap. Backup tapes are becoming a thing of the past. I remember backup tapes, and I do not understand why with the amount of money that we are spending that we are still using backup tapes, unless they are just such legacy programs that we have to use the backup tapes for storage.    We are committed to providing the resources. What we have not seen is the commitment to really get serious about preserving everything like Commissioner Koskinen has said he would do. And until we see that, we are going to take issue. Does that make sense?    Mr. Meadows. All right. I will yield back.