    Mr. Newhouse. So I will make up some time a little bit there. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate that. I apologize for my lateness, but I can assure you, I was doing good work.    I appreciate you being here, Dr. Morris. I don't really have a question as such, so I won't take much time. But I just wanted to expound on what I understand my colleague from the State of Washington and our Ranking Member, Ms. DelBene, was asking, if I could.    Under current USDA regulation, is, in fact, the case that biotech products are not allowed to be certified organic? I would like to read an excerpt from the USDA blog from a post titled Organic 101, Can GMOs Be Used in Organic Products? And that was dated May 17, 2013. So if I may, just to enter it into the record.    ``The use of genetic engineering, or genetically modified organisms (GMOs), is prohibited in organic products. This means an organic farmer can't plant GMO seeds, an organic cow can't eat GMO alfalfa or corn, and an organic soup producer can't use any GMO ingredients.''    The reason, Mr. Chairman, that I raise this point is because it is frustrating to me that USDA already has this, what I would call a great voluntary tool for consumers to know what is in the food and products that they purchase, but that some jurisdictions feel compelled to impose duplicative, costly, and mandatory burdens on consumers and producers that, as far as can be seen from the USDA's own blog, add no additional benefit. So ultimately, I believe this Congress and this Committee will likely have to consider legislation to ensure that our farmers, ranchers, growers, producers, and families aren't harmed by these costly unworkable rules. And that is not necessarily a question, but just a statement, and I wanted to make sure I got that in the record.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I would yield back.    The Chairman. Let the record show the gentleman yielded back 3 minutes of time.    Thank you, Mr. Newhouse.    And I want to go ahead and get into a few more questions with you, Dr. Morris. And we are waiting on possibly another Member to get here to ask a few questions.    Obviously, there has been a lot of discussion about H.R. 1599, and I would like to know, has the USDA taken a look at the USDA-related portions of H.R. 1599, the Pompeo-Butterfield bill?