    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director Cordray, for your testimony today.    The CFPB's work on behalf of American consumers speaks for itself: over $5.3 billion in direct relief to over 15 million consumers; over half a million consumer complaints processed; and over 1,000 consumer questions answered. What is perhaps most remarkable about the CFPB's performance to date has been the CFPB's ability to deliver for American consumers in spite of the relentless attacks from Republicans to undermine the agency at every turn.    Any serious conversation about what contributes to the wealth gap in this country must include a frank discussion about the wealth stripping effects associated with certain financial products such as predatory auto loans, payday loans, and check cashing stores that exploit the lack of financial sophistication among economically disadvantaged populations.    Given the CFPB's role in reining in the kinds of wealth stripping products and services that exacerbate the wealth gap, the CFPB is on the front lines of reducing the wealth gap and bringing vulnerable consumers into the economic mainstream.    The fact that the important work of combating the wealth gap and protecting consumers has often been relegated to debates about renovations and fountains, and to doing the bidding of special interests, is a sad commentary on the priorities of some who ignore the commendable work of this important agency.    I thank you again, Director Cordray, and I look forward to hearing your testimony.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Cordray, could you provide specific examples of regulatory relief measures that the Bureau has already extended to small financial institutions?    Mr. Clay. Can you give examples of the impact that the community bank advisory council has had on the Bureau's actions relating to community banks?    Mr. Clay. Thank you for that response. We often hear from our colleagues that a regulated institution somehow lacks the requisite access to the CFPB to voice their concerns about actions taken by the CFPB or to shape the CFPB's policymaking process outside of formal channels like the ABA's notice-and-comment period.    Could you elaborate on the ways that institutions subject to the CFPB's jurisdiction can interface with the agency when they take issue with the agency's action?    Mr. Clay. And hopefully the consumers of Texas appreciate the CFPB's efforts. I yield back.