    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Commissioner, I thank you for coming here to testify. I think this is important discussion this country is having right now about our reliability within our government agencies.    And the first question from me would be, did Lois Lerner have any kind of a software package or any kind of electronic search that excluded or identified the conservative groups that far outweighed the nonconservative groups that had asked for the not-for-profit status?    Mr. King. Was there an electronic system that sorted out these applications?    Mr. King. Was there any database, any matrix of any kind, any paperwork of any kind other than a stack of applications?    Mr. King. And who generated that?    Mr. King. Who generated that ``Be On The Lookout'' memo?    Mr. King. And we know that the IG confirmed the targeting that had taken place as well. I would ask you, have there been any firings, dismissals? Have you identified anyone within the IRS that had violated law or policy or protocol in such a way that it was worthy of termination?    Mr. King. Everybody in the chain of command is gone. Are there any remaining culprits within the IRS today?    Mr. King. And if you identified them, that would be your duty going forward as well?    Mr. King. And then I would like to take you to Martinsburg. I am having a little trouble understanding that. And that is, there were 424 tapes that were discovered at storage in Martinsburg in a shipping center that I view as a warehouse of about 1,900 square feet. I know about how big that is. And so that night shift, they decided they would scrub those tapes, 422 of the 424 successfully. And can you explain to this Committee how long it would take to process 422 tapes?    Mr. King. Do they process them one tape at a time or multiple tapes in batches?    Mr. King. Well, I think that is important. Because how long would it take you to put a tape in, scrub it, even if it is a couple minutes to do so and another and another, and to get 422 of them done in an 8-hour night shift. Do you know the names of the individuals that processed those tapes?    Mr. King. And they are still working for the IRS?    Mr. King. Yeah, but I am not asking you for their names. I am just saying, are they still working for the IRS?    Mr. King. The IG, in their testimony before Congress, seemed to be a bit incredulous that this string of coincidences could be put together in that fashion and have the voids and the vacancies in information that we have.    I just reflect on this, Commissioner, is that if I would take the timeline of the IRS activities throughout this thing--and there are many of them sitting around in this Committee today--and I would overlay that over the timeline of the things that went on with Watergate, I will ask you, which one do you think would sound more improbable?    Mr. King. I would submit the opposite conclusion myself, but I thank you, Commissioner.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.