    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Mr. Chairman, at this time, I know that the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers, has some pressing business. And so I will yield to him insofar as his opening statement is concerned, and I would like the opportunity to make my own once he concludes.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Before I begin, I would like to take a moment to congratulate you on your new position as Chairman of this very important Subcommittee. I enjoyed a terrific relationship with your predecessor, Congressman Bachus, and I look forward to continuing that relationship with someone that I consider a close colleague and a personal friend. Although we will not see eye-to-eye on every issue, I look forward to working closely with you on important matters this Congress.    Turning to the substance of today's hearing, I have serious concerns with the so-called FACT Act. It is actually a very small compact Trojan horse piece of legislation that is quite dangerous to the ability of claimants to, particularly those in the future, to get an adequate recovery for the harm that was done. And I think all of you people here, victims and the families of victims, have probably been called perpetrators, malingerers, and fraudulent individuals trying to make a dollar off of something that you should not even be, you know, trying to get. But I recognize you as people who have been aggrieved, and this court system is the place to go to receive the relief that you are due.    Not only does this bill create a major hurdle for families already facing the insurmountable fight against asbestos-related disease, it also violates their privacy by publicizing sensitive information about claimants. This information is already discoverable if relevant to a claim or defense at trial. As written, little would stop this litigation from allowing third parties to collect and monetize claimants' medical history, or use this information to discriminate against victims and their families.    Federal or State rules of civil procedure already allow a defendant to gain all relevant information about a claimant's exposure during discovery. Defendants are often wealthy corporations represented by experienced, powerful litigators who have the knowledge and resources to handle discovery. They get paid well to do so. But even if both parties were on equal footing, how does a defendant's need for materials outside of discovery justify a major privacy intrusion on a vulnerable class of persons? This question is especially troubling when we stop to consider the equities of these actions where defendants and claimants are rarely on equal footing during discovery, or any other stage of the litigation.    Rather than providing for broader transparency for both parties in litigation, the FACT Act creates significant hurdles for asbestos victims while doing nothing to address the other party to the litigation. If we remove the rhetoric behind the FACT Act, all we are left with is legislation that creates an asbestos death database with the sole purpose of allowing Honeywell, Koch Industries, and the two largest asbestos insurers, Berkshire and Mutual, to easily gain or easily access other asbestos corporations' kill lists so they can determine if asbestos victims are getting what they view as too much justice and if there is way they can nickel and dime the families they have devastated.    That is what this bill is all about. It is a Trojan horse. It guarantees the asbestos industry and its insurers, it guarantees that they pay as little to their victims as possible. That alone is offensive, but the way the bill achieves this objective is morally reprehensible. Moreover, for the second straight Congress, the majority has ignored and disregarded the hardships and testimony of asbestos victims and families. Not one victim or their family is seated at this table today to give testimony. At no point were victims or family members invited to testify about a bill that would seriously affect their lives. After retracting a promise to these families last Congress, I am disappointed to report that the majority has again shut the doors to these families to testify on the real effects of this bill. But these problems are only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to my concerns about the FACT Act.    In closing, although I welcome Chairman Marino and look forward to working with him on many important issues this Congress, I must respectfully voice my deep opposition to this legislation. And with that, I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Before I begin my questions and before we start running the clock, I would like to ask unanimous consent to submit several materials into the record. These include an internal memo from National Gypsum Company stating, ``Just as certain as death and taxes, if you inhale asbestos dust, you get asbestosis.''    Also to be submitted for the record with unanimous consent an internal memo from Honeywell stating, ``If you enjoyed a good life while working with asbestos products, why not die from it?'' Also an internal industry discussion on asbestosis resulting in the unanimous decision not to admit liability in discussing defensive strategies, as well as an internal memo that chronicles damaging industry documents dating to 1934, explaining that the plaintiffs' bar will probably take the position, not unreasonably, that the documents are evidence of a corporate conspiracy to prevent asbestos workers from learning that their exposure to asbestos could kill them.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Inselbuch, do you agree with this timeline? Excuse me. Let me ask you to take a look at the timeline assembled by the Environmental Working Group, this timeline, which is a small collection of internal memoranda from asbestos corporations that I have submitted into the record, represents a century of corporate fraud on the public. It contains evidence amply demonstrating the actual knowledge of corporations concerning the dangers associated with asbestos exposure dating back to 1934, evidence of corporations intentionally misleading the public about the widespread use and catastrophic effects of asbestos in home schools and workplaces.    Mr. Inselbuch, do you agree that this timeline, along with the other examples in your testimony indicate that asbestos corporations have defrauded the public for decades through a massive corporate cover up?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. Thank you. And the majority witnesses have testified that though deeply regrettable, evidence of fraud has no bearing on the current corporate practices. Please describe contemporary tactics by the asbestos corporations to reduce asbestos liability, including recent litigation involving Georgia-Pacific, a Koch Industries subsidy.    Mr. Johnson. And that is something that I want to get further elaboration on you from, but perhaps one of the other questioners can elicit that information.    Mr. Johnson. I would like to move on now to Mr. Vari. Mr. Vari, as a lawyer representing asbestos corporations responsible for killing and then covering up the deaths of Americans across the country, I am particularly interested in hearing your thoughts on this issue of transparency, which proponents of the FACT Act, including yourself, argue will add more transparency and truth to the asbestos trust system.    Now, Mr. Vari, your client, Crane Company, routinely seeks confidentiality agreements when settling their asbestos exposure claims, is that not correct? You routinely use these confidentiality agreements, correct? Yes or no.    Mr. Johnson. I understand that.    Mr. Johnson. I do not want the witness to filibuster and use my time. I just want a yes or no answer.    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Chairman, if he will answer it yes or no, that will be----    Mr. Johnson. After he answers yes or no.    Mr. Johnson. All right. Okay. And you seek increased transparency from victims, but would you also for purposes of leveling the playing field and in the interest of fairness support legislation that would ban confidentiality agreements from asbestos litigation settlement agreements?    Mr. Johnson. So is that a yes or no?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I am asking about defense policy. Since we are talking about transparency, it seems only to be fair that if you are going to have transparency from plaintiffs or from claimants, you would also seek it from defendants. And one way that defendants keep from having to be transparent is to insist upon confidentiality agreements. And if you like that process, if you support that process, then say you do. If you do not, then it is simple to say you do not.    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Vari, that answer----    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Chairman, before Ms. DelBene starts her questioning, I would like to raise a point of order. What just happened to me with the Chair trying to extract testimony beyond the scope of my question and apply our rigorous time schedule to my time, what that does is prevents me from moving forward with the questions that I have to ask.    Mr. Johnson. Well, but my point is----    Mr. Johnson. No, no, no. My question----    Mr. Johnson. My question I have raised----    Mr. Johnson. I have raised a point of order.    Mr. Johnson. Parliamentary inquiry. Parliamentary inquiry. And my inquiry is what is the policy when a person is asking a question on this panel, what is the power of the Chairman to take over the questioning from that particular----    Mr. Johnson. No, no, no.    Mr. Johnson. You have not answered my point of inquiry.    Mr. Johnson. You have not. No, you have not.    Mr. Johnson. I am going to yield to Ms. DelBene, but I will assure the Chair that I am going to take this matter up and make sure that what is good for the Republican side is also good----    Mr. Johnson. And I would like for Ms. DelBene to be able to ask her questions without interruption.    Mr. Johnson. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I believe I will. Mr. Scarcella, as an analyst, did you calculate or have you ever had occasion to calculate the value of the lives of the millions of future claimants killed or injured due to asbestos-related disease?    Mr. Johnson. And so, you used your best judgment to come up with a figure that in the worst case scenario would be high so that you would be able to advise your clients in terms of how much potential exposure they would have. Is that correct?    Mr. Johnson. Okay, thank you. And for Mr. Brickman, do you get paid by the Manhattan Policy Institute?    Mr. Johnson. Have you ever represented a claimant or a plaintiff before?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Johnson. But I will refrain.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.