    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the Ranking Member.    Thank you, Director Ashe, for being with us.    As you know in Washington State, salmon and steelhead hatcheries are critical to supporting our Federal trust responsibility to the to treaty tribes in our State, including 11 in my district. The hatcheries are also important to our commercial and recreational fisheries, which are really big economic drivers in our State and, frankly, throughout the entire West Coast.    Unfortunately, these hatcheries and the livelihoods that they support are at risk. The issue here is HGMPs, Hatchery Genetic Management Plans. The very significant backlog of these HGMPs has exposed the hatchery operations and the Federal Government to litigation under the Endangered Species Act.    In fact, the 60-day waiting period on the first of two separate notices of intent to sue is about to end, so there is a real and imminent threat that we are going to see hatcheries actually close this year unless significant progress is made in reducing this backlog.    I know that the Fish and Wildlife Service has an important role to play in working through this backlog to ensure that the 331 Pacific salmon and steelhead hatchery programs on the West Coast can continue to operate.    So I guess my question to you is, what does the service need, in terms of funding and personnel, in order to work through this backlog and bring our hatcheries into compliance under ESA as quickly as possible, so we do not see the hatcheries get shut down and risk the livelihoods of people who depend on them?    Mr. Kilmer. And based on what the service has asked for in the budget, is it your expectation that we will see significant progress made in dealing with the backlog and specifically on the ones where we have a real threat of litigation?    Mr. Kilmer. I would appreciate that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks for being with us. I echo Mr. Simpson's apologies that votes blew up our meeting yesterday, but I thank you for the effort.    I also want to say thank you for what the service does. As someone who grew up in the shadow of the Olympic National Park I know it is an extraordinary asset that draws a whole bunch of people to our region. I am often reminded of what an economic driver it is, and not just in terms of hotel stays and restaurants. My grandfather helped pave the road up Hurricane Ridge, so I know it has been an extraordinary asset.    Our neck of the woods has had a really tough winter, and we are now facing some real access challenges that are already posing problems for researchers who are studying the Elwha, and for homeowners and private landowners within the region, not to mention the fact that it could have some impact in terms of visitation this summer.    I was happy to see that the park service budget makes some key efforts to address maintenance needs because I know just how critical it is to maintain these roads and trails so visitors can get out there and enjoy the parks.    That said, I was hoping I could just get an update on one pressing issue, the washout of the Olympic Hot Springs Road. I know there are a lot of balls in the air with the whole alphabet soup of agencies that get involved with the impacts to salmon habitat, not to mention the continuing difficult weather conditions. But we have a lot of private landowners, park users, research scientists, and park service staff who are very heavily impacted by the loss of this single access point.    So I was hoping you could just discuss what the service is doing to expedite the repairs to the road and ensure that access is restored as quickly as possible. Can you give us some sense of the timeline? Also if there is anything that the park service needs to expedite repairs, I would love to know that, too.    Mr. Kilmer. Do you have what you need in terms of being able to move forward with the temporary fix?    Mr. Kilmer. Okay, thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Chairman, and thanks for being with us. As someone who represents 11 tribes, I appreciate the role that BIA plays.    I guess I wanted to focus on a couple of things at the top of the long list that keep me up at night. One of the big ones being the resiliency challenges facing the coastal tribes in the region I represent where we have seen increasingly harsh storms and rising sea levels, not to mention the threat of tsunami, which can literally wipe out some of the villages that I represent, and certainly threaten some of these historic sites where people have lived since time immemorial.    I was glad to see in the BIA budget you requested an additional $15 million to support climate resiliency in Tribal Country, including an additional $3 million for tribal climate resilience projects. I guess I wanted to get some sense of how those investments are going to be used, and how will it be decided where the money goes.    Further, I know that HUD recently awarded a grant to a tribe in Louisiana that is facing similar challenges to focus on relocation. Can you talk a little bit about how BIA is working with other Federal agencies on this issue? You know, even $15 million it is a drop in the bucket when you are talking about potentially having to move entire villages that are facing existential threat.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. I would love to follow up with you on that at some point. The other thing I wanted to ask about was access to broadband. One of the most memorable experiences I have had in this job was meeting with one of the tribal chairmen from my district, and he said, you want the good news or the bad news. I said, tell me the good news. He said, every one of our high school seniors is going to graduate this year. And I said, well, what is the bad news. He said, for the first time, the State of Washington is going to require students to take the State-mandated exam over the internet. Since they do not have high-speed internet they tried to sample the test. It was one of those where you answer a bunch of questions, and then click ``next page.'' He told me it took a minute and 44 seconds to get to the next page so they are going to bus the kids to a neighboring community, about 90 minutes away to take the exam.    This is such a big issue in terms of both educational opportunity and economic development, not to mention the ability to start a business. I was hoping you could talk about what steps BIA is taking to ensure tribes have access to high-speed internet.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks for being back with us.    I think you know one of the most important challenges in the region I represent is the recovery of Puget Sound. In recent years, we have taken some steps in the right direction. For that, I want to recognize the EPA and your regional administrator Dennis McLerran, and Peter Murchie, who is the Puget Sound program manager, for the hard work they have done.    You got to see just how important Puget Sound is to our region when you came to visit in 2014. We would like to invite you back this year. Your local team has done an excellent job with the resources that they have available.    Having said that, I think we can all agree that we have a long way to go on addressing this challenge. I hope you had a chance to see a recent study that was done by NOAA and Washington State University that documents the fatal impacts of stormwater runoff on coho salmon as they are entering the sound.    Unfortunately, the study confirms what a lot of us already knew, which is that toxic runoff is damaging water quality and hurting key resources like salmon and shellfish that are not just important from an environmental ethic, but are critical drivers of our economy.    Chairman, Ranking Member, if there is no objection, I would ask for a copy of this report to be submitted into the record.    Mr. Kilmer. Sadly, this is just one of the challenges we have facing Puget Sound. Stormwater is one piece of it--habitat loss, ocean acidification, coastal erosion, the list goes on.    The impacts of these challenges are being felt throughout our communities, certainly felt throughout our economy, with the impact to our fisheries. It is perhaps most acutely felt by the Native American tribes with treaty rights to harvest fish and shellfish from this watershed, 11 of which are in my district.    So let me ask a question. The funds provided through the Puget Sound Geographic Program and the National Estuary Program are critical to supporting the recovery effort.    Can you discuss how the investments made in the EPA's fiscal year 2017 budget will advance this work and whether requested funding levels actually get us there?    Mr. Kilmer. So in that regard, I know the EPA is not alone in this effort. There are other Federal players, State players, tribal players, local partners. Can you talk about how the EPA is coordinating those recovery efforts, and if there are any additional resources or authorities that you think are needed to better align those activities?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum mentioned the significant cut made to the and Clean Water State Revolving Fund. Given the significant infrastructure needs across the country, can you discuss how you anticipate this cut will impact State, local, and tribal governments that are working to invest in clean water infrastructure?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.