    Ms. Foster. Chairman, we use a multidisciplinary team called an acquisition integrated product team, whose responsibility is to vet the requirements that come forward. The team ensures that the requirements fall within MITRE's core competencies, the five core competencies outlined in the GAO report, but they also ensure that the work requires a special relationship of an FFRDC. I'd like to think that this is a best practice because it's part of the overall governance structure which GAO had actually recommended that all of the FFRDCs go through.    Ms. Foster. Sir, as it relates to the missing document, it was our understanding that the report was highlighting that during the AIPT process what we're doing is when we're vetting whether the requirements are right for MITRE or perhaps for just a commercial entity, that discussion, all of the participants, that multidisciplinary team, they're all taking notes, minutes on the discussion, but they weren't putting anything formal in the record, in the contract record.    What was going in the record was once they settled on that piece that was appropriate for MITRE, that's what was going in the record via an R&J, a requirements and justification document. But the explanation of how it got there, that was missing from the file. But as far as the FPDS system, all of the obligations for the FFRDC were found to be within that system.    Ms. Foster. Ma'am, you have to remember for MITRE Corporation, really what we are negotiating with MITRE, and Ms. Mackin mentioned it during her opening testimony, was the labor hours, right, and the mix of labor. The rest of it we're relying on an Air Force CACO, corporate administrative contracting officer, to go ahead and negotiate with MITRE Corporation on behalf of many of the other agencies, the VA included. So the overheads, they're already given to us, right, so what we're negotiating is that labor piece.    And what you saw in the report was the contracting officer was relying on the technical expert, right, so it's typically the PM who's giving you the requirement, they're the expert in that area, looking at the labor mix provided by the MITRE Corporation and comparing it to what they had. But what they may have been thinking about when they put their independent government cost estimate together may not match MITRE initially because MITRE might have a different approach.    So what they do is, and it was listed in the report, the two groups sit down together and say: This is what I was thinking, how is that different? And as long as that technical expert who's advising the contracting officer that works for me feels comfortable, they go ahead and they'll accept that position.    At the end of the day, as the report highlights, it's a cost-type contract, right? So MITRE's going to get their actuals. So what that proposal gives you is a top level ceiling. But ultimately when you go to close out the record, what it is that they actually performed is what they are going to get paid for except the fee gets lobbed on top of that.    Ms. Foster. Ma'am, I'd defer that to Mr. Orso. He's the business office that handles that.    Ms. Foster. I'll start, if I may, sir.    So we monitor MITRE on cost, schedule, and performance, and we have several different ways in which we do that. We get monthly progress reports from them, invoice, and we also get the corresponding invoices, right? So the CORs and the contract specialists are reviewing those on a monthly basis.    We also include a performance-based assessment survey which gets used prior to the performance management team monthly reviews, which I believe were mentioned in the GAO's report as well. And of course we rely on the audit services of DCAA to help us with that.    And, David.    Ms. Foster. Sir, it wouldn't surprise me. I'm thinking of one situation actually almost a year ago where MITRE was asked as it related to Section 101 of the Choice Act to help with market research. Unfortunately I wasn't the contracting organization that was doing the Section 101 work, but if I recall correctly, they were trying to determine, the contracting office was trying to determine if the PC3 contract would be appropriate to meet the needs of Section 101. And so MITRE was asked to help when they were going to have an industry day, I believe, was the case.    And so it is not uncommon, certainly in my world in IT, if you're going to have an industry day and you're trying to determine who has technical capabilities, to invite a technical expert to that meeting; so I suspect that is why MITRE was invited to that particular one, and that would have been considered the market research.    Ms. Foster. Ma'am, I can take that question. So that was the acquisition integrated product team that I mentioned in the beginning, right, so they are the ones that are vetting those requirements. I am going to give you an example. So a requiring activity would come to this team, and legal is on there also. There is a couple of attorneys on there, my staff, Mr. Orso's staff and, of course, the person who wants to use MITRE. Right?    So one example was an organization came in and they wanted organizational change management support from a strategic direction trying to transform their part of the organization. So, yes, that piece would be appropriate when you look and see the details of it; but then there was another piece where I think in this case they were looking to do some database development as part of that, and the group that got it on the organizational change management. That other piece, that gets carved off.    Now we recognize that ultimately the veteran is going to be the benefactor of all of these things, so we don't just say that piece gets carved off and you are on your own. If we know of other existing contracts that are in place, whether my organization or a different one, then we'll shepherd that over to those organizations that can go ahead and execute. And this is the piece that the GAO rightly said, you know what, that discussion needs to be for the record, and it was missing.    You know, people were taking their own notes, their minutes of it, but it wasn't making its way into the record. The only thing that was as it relates to that discussion was ultimately in this case if you settle on organizational change management, fine, that was justified, but not the stuff that didn't make it. So I hope that helps.    Ms. Foster. So I will let Mr. Orso talk to that piece. Go ahead, Dave.    Ms. Foster. Sir, we talked about, especially in this particular FFRDC, MITRE Corporation. We mentioned the five core competencies----    Ms. Foster. Okay so that goes to the special relationship, sir. They are expected to give us an unbiased opinion, right, where they are not going to have any conflicts of interest in the back end.    So for example, in my own office, right, we have a big acquisition called T4 NextGen. Well, as it relates to portions of it, we are using MITRE Corporation to help us with some of the technical evaluations.    Ms. Foster. MITRE Corporation. It is a federally funded research and development company.    Ms. Foster. Right.    Ms. Foster. So that would be an example because they are not going to be competing for that work. They don't have any skin in that game, if you will. There won't be any conflicts of interest. So we are relying on their technical expertise to help us to go ahead and make the right decisions as far as who is going to be winning that competition----    Ms. Foster. Sir, it's a very large corporation, and MITRE Corporation supports many of the agencies certainly, Army, all of DoD, Treasury, IRS. We have a----    Ms. Foster. I don't--sir, I couldn't----    Ms. Foster. Yeah. That we would have to take back.    Ms. Foster. Okay.