    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you, Chairman Young, Mr. Ranking Member, and members of the subcommittee. The facts are as follows.    Puerto Rico is a territory. If it does not wish to remain a territory, it can become a state or a sovereign nation, either fully independent or with the compact of free association with the United States. However, if Puerto Rico becomes a sovereign nation, future generations of island residents would not be American citizens.    My constituents have made countless contributions to this Nation in times of peace and war, serving in every military conflict since World War I. Many have made the ultimate sacrifice. When they do, their casket is flown back to this country, draped in the American flag. It takes real patriotism to fight for a nation you love, but one that does not treat you equally.    Puerto Rico has more U.S. citizens than 21 states, but my constituents cannot vote for President, have no Senators, and have a non-voting delegate in the House. Moreover, the Constitution gives Congress license to treat territories worse than states, and Congress often uses that license.    Territory status is the root cause of the crisis in Puerto Rico, because Puerto Rico is treated unequally under Federal programs. It is deprived of critical economic support. To compensate, the Puerto Rico government has borrowed heavily, which helps explain why the government and its instrumentalities have $72 billion in debt. In recent years, 250,000 island residents have relocated to the states, and these numbers are only growing. Once in the states they are entitled to full voting rights, and equal treatment under the law, rights they lack in Puerto Rico.    Let me mention two of the many ways that Puerto Rico's status hurts the quality of life of my constituents. First, Puerto Rico is treated unequally under Medicaid and Medicare. The impact on our healthcare system and on our fiscal health has been severe. Second, Congress has authorized each state government to permit its insolvent municipalities to adjust their debts under Chapter 9 of the Bankruptcy Code, but has not authorized Puerto Rico to do so. Thus, territory status is a significant reason why Puerto Rico has excessive debt, and the sole reason why it lacks a critical tool to manage that debt.    I have introduced bills to give Puerto Rico equal treatment under Federal health programs and Chapter 9. While I appreciate that the governor of Puerto Rico has endorsed these efforts, it is ironic that an anti-statehood administration is seeking state-like treatment for the territory in key policy areas. I seek equal treatment for Puerto Rico in all respects.    If you give us the same rights and responsibilities as our fellow American citizens, and let us rise or fall on our merits, we will rise. But if you continue to treat us like second-class citizens, don't profess to be surprised when we fall.    This is now the predominant view in Puerto Rico. In a 2012 referendum, a majority of voters rejected territory status, and more voters expressed a desire for statehood than any other option. At my initiative, Congress approved funding for a federally-sponsored referendum. Once I have the opportunity, I will use this funding to hold a vote on whether Puerto Rico should be admitted as a state, just like Alaska and Hawaii did. This is logical. Statehood won the 2012 referendum. So we should now vote on statehood, itself.    This is also fair. Those who support statehood can vote yes, and those who oppose it can vote no. This approach has brought support in Congress. I have introduced a bill to authorize a vote in Puerto Rico on whether the territory should be admitted to the Union. If a majority of voters say yes, Puerto Rico would become a state within 5 years. The bill has 109 co-sponsors from 39 states and territories, and more bipartisan backing than 99 percent of bills filed this year. Each co-sponsor refutes the single argument that the United States would not accept Puerto Rico as a state.    Puerto Rico's status is intolerable, and my constituents will no longer tolerate it. We want equality under the American flag, and we will settle for nothing less. Thank you.    Mr. Pierluisi. You are absolutely right, Madam Congresswoman. That is exactly what we are doing. We are following the path of Alaska and Hawaii. In both former territories, there were locally organized plebiscites--if I recall correctly, in Alaska, about 57 percent of the population supported statehood. And many years later, they finally got it. Alaska finally became a state.    But when Congress decided to legislate it, the admission of Alaska, it was conditioned upon a vote by the people of Alaska, basically ratifying the admission. And the vote happened, and to no surprise, then a much bigger majority of voters in Alaska supported the admission, and became a state.    The same happened in Hawaii. In Hawaii, if my recollection serves me right, the plebiscite result was about 67 percent or so. And years later, the same process happened. It was, coincidental, very close to the time when Alaska came in----    Mr. Pierluisi. So, why am I proposing an up-or-down vote on the admission of Puerto Rico as a state? Simple. In 2012, a majority of the people of Puerto Rico, 54 percent, rejected the current status. And more people voted for statehood than any other option, including the current status. Given that scenario, the next logical step should be a vote on statehood. We had a yes or no in 2012, with respect to the current territory. Why not have one with respect to statehood? Anybody supporting statehood could vote yes.    My colleagues here, probably in all likelihood, would vote no, for whatever reasons. If you support independence for Puerto Rico, you would vote no. If you want Puerto Rico to be a sovereign nation with a compact of association with the United States, you could vote no.    So that is what I am proposing. It is fair. Nobody can say they would be excluded. All the voters in Puerto Rico could express themselves. And that is my position. Thank you.    Mr. Pierluisi. Well, the fact is that Puerto Rico has been lagging the states now for over four decades. Ever since the 1970s, Puerto Rico's unemployment, on average, has been 4 or 5 percent more than on the mainland. Ever since the 1970s, our growth has been lagging the one in the mainland. We have been behind. Income per capita, the GDP per capita in Puerto Rico, consistently has been about one-third the average in the states, and one-half the one for the poorest state, Mississippi.    So, it is pretty obvious to me--and let me add one thing, an additional fact which is very important. The debt that we are talking about, $72, $73 billion, it piled up under the current status. So it is pretty obvious to me that the common element here is that the current status is not working as a platform for Puerto Rico's economic development, for our quality of life.    To add insult to injury, our island is losing population like never before: 250,000 American citizens hopping on a plane and moving to the states to have the rights and the opportunities and the jobs they don't find in Puerto Rico. Actually, they are voting with their feet--because once they move to the states, they can vote for the President, they can elect Members of Congress, and they have equal rights in Federal programs, which we don't have in Puerto Rico.    Now, why would statehood be good for Puerto Rico? Well, let's talk about Hawaii and Alaska. In both Hawaii and Alaska you had growth, additional growth, once they became states. Let's talk about the fact that Puerto Rico's status, by its very nature, is not stable. It is insecure. There is political risk in Puerto Rico. So statehood is a permanent status. It is a stable status which will be very attractive, in terms of attracting additional investment to the island.    When we talk about Federal funding, because of the disparities we face, Puerto Rico would be receiving billions of additional funding that would flow into our economy if we become a state.    The bill I have introduced proposes basically a 4-year transition period, because the parity in Federal programs would happen gradually, as well as the taxes that would have to apply in Puerto Rico. You could phase them in, as well. So this wouldn't happen overnight, but I am sure that, once we put Puerto Rico on the path to statehood, we will grow, we will have a better quality of life, and our people will stay in Puerto Rico.    Mr. Pierluisi. Thank you so much, Mr. Ruiz. And I will try to be brief and get to the point.    Actually, the situation we are facing is very similar when we talk about all the territories. The life of a territory is the life of American citizens in most--I understand that in American Samoa we are talking about nationals--unfortunately so. But we do not get equal treatment in Federal programs, including in Federal health programs. And that translates into worse quality of life for our people, particularly our vulnerable population.    What happens, for example, in the Medicaid program is that for years the U.S. Government was assuming roughly about 18 to 20 percent of the cost of Puerto Rico's Medicaid program, up to the Affordable Care Act. When the Affordable Care Act came about, I worked hard, as well as my fellow delegates from the territories, so that the Federal Government would enhance the funding we get. But we are still short at the moment, Puerto Rico basically--the U.S. Government is assuming 50 percent of the cost of our Medicaid program, but not resembling your Medicaid program.    In Puerto Rico, to give you an example, we afford health insurance to people up to roughly 80 percent of the U.S. poverty level. In the mainland, as you know, the Medicaid expansion is getting up to 134 percent of poverty level. So the Federal Government is not giving us, not even parity, equal treatment, for the population we have under the 100 percent of poverty level. To me, that is atrocious. It is unacceptable. These are American citizens, vulnerable American citizens, and the U.S. Government is not even funding----    Mr. Pierluisi. The solution--I have a bill before this Congress proposing to fix all these disparities we have in Medicaid, Medicare, which you refer to, in a pragmatic, realistic way.    Let's say that just the Medicaid disparity is fixed. You are talking about roughly $1.2 billion that the government of Puerto Rico, is spending right now that the Federal Government would be spending. When we talk about fiscal issues in Puerto Rico, that, in and of itself, would solve the budget deficits that Puerto Rico has been dealing with, and would allow Puerto Rico to make the necessary contributions through its state pension system.    So, talk about the life of a territory. We are always lacking Federal funding, not to talk about lacking voting rights because, as I have said before, we don't vote for the President. Puerto Ricans have only me, a Resident Commissioner. I can debate, I can speak, but I cannot vote on the Floor--and I represent 3.5 million American citizens. That is not democratic, that is embarrassing.    So that is the situation. It definitely would help for you, for the Congress, to treat Puerto Rico fairly--at the very least, in Federal health programs.    Mr. Pierluisi. There are two pieces of legislation at issue. You have the appropriation that we approved, providing $2.5 million for a federally-sponsored plebiscite in Puerto Rico. The legislation speaks of having a vote to resolve the status issue, and it requires that the Attorney General of the United States basically bless whatever option is posed before the electorate. We don't want to waste time. We want to make sure that whatever the people vote on is something real, something possible.    Mr. Pierluisi. Yes.    Mr. Pierluisi. That is what H.R. 727 does. My bill, which has 108 co-sponsors--including me, 109--basically has a two-step process. You have an up-or-down vote on the admission of Puerto Rico as a state. And if a majority of the people support the admission, then it triggers the transition into the admission.    Mr. Pierluisi. Depending on when the vote takes place, what the bill provides for is the admission of Puerto Rico, at the latest, in January 2021. We would be voting for President in the elections of November 2020, and we would be electing our Members of Congress in November 2020. Until then, Congress would be conforming the laws, Federal laws, so that Puerto Rico receives the same treatment states do.    Mr. Pierluisi. Quality of life is deteriorating incredibly fast. I see a bright future for Puerto Rico, because of the potential, the capacity of our people. But we cannot keep losing them. The current status is not providing them with the necessary quality of life, the necessary jobs and opportunities.    Congressman Ruiz was talking about doctors. By the way, the top surgeons in Texas, there are lots of Puerto Ricans there. And in Florida, they are all over. Not to talk about engineers, scientists. They are all over the states. The diaspora, we call. And we are losing them. Why are we losing them? Because they are American citizens, and the only thing they have to do to get a better quality of life is to hop on a plane and move to a state.    Mr. Pierluisi. What are we aspiring to--to become a state.    Mr. Pierluisi. Yes.    Mr. Pierluisi. Yes, the permanent solution to Puerto Rico's economic problems, social problems, is equal rights, is equality. All nations who have equal rights have prospered.    Mr. Pierluisi. Yes. Thank you, Chairman. Listening to Governor Acevedo Vila, and former Member of Congress, I just want to raise a question to see if you can explain to me what kind of status you envision in Puerto Rico's future? What is your specific position on status? Because I, frankly, do not get it.    And I will be respectful. You know very well the way Congress works. Congress approves bills every day we are in session that apply or not to Puerto Rico, based on its power under the territory clause of the U.S. Constitution. The Supreme Court of the United States, ever since the beginning of the 20th century, decided that Puerto Rico is an unincorporated territory, meaning that Puerto Rico could become either a state or a nation. Two choices: statehood or nationhood.    Yet we are a territory. We have our own constitution--good constitution, by the way. We are called a commonwealth. But, as you well know, that is the situation. Any day here, they can deal with us and we have no vote. We have a say, but no vote.    Now, looking at the future, what do you want Puerto Rico to be? Do you want Puerto Rico to be recognized as a sovereign nation, and then strike getting to a compact or treaty with the United States providing for the economic benefits you were talking about? Is that what you want? Or do you want Puerto Rico to continue being a territory as it is, and then keep trying to get better treatment in the laws that Congress approves on a daily basis?    Mr. Pierluisi. Would that be a territory, or would that be a sovereign nation in association with the United States?    Mr. Pierluisi. And would Puerto Ricans continue to be American citizens----    Mr. Pierluisi . Even if they are residing in a sovereign nation, as opposed to the United States?    Mr. Pierluisi. Would the gentleman yield?    Mr. Pierluisi. See, the problem, Mr. Sablan, is that as I was saying, in Alaska they held a referendum, a plebiscite, years before they came a state. And 57 percent chose statehood, and 43 percent said they didn't want it. It always happens. In Alaska--correct me if I am wrong, Mr. Chairman--but I believe there are people who still want Alaska to be independent.    Mr. Pierluisi. The same happened in Texas. Texas was an independent nation before it joined the Union. So you will always have different opinions and different factions. So, to ask Puerto Ricans, ``Oh, why don't you just agree, all of you,'' it is just an easy way out, with all due respect----    Mr. Pierluisi . Because Congress needs to act----    Mr. Pierluisi. In 1898 we became a territory, a U.S. territory.    Mr. Pierluisi. Mr. Chairman, would you yield?    Mr. Pierluisi. It is not a bill. He wrote a letter. And some are advocating for that. I should say for the record that I oppose that.    Mr. Pierluisi. I mean Puerto Rico, as we have discussed, we have a republican form of government, a constitution blessed by this Congress.    So, unless you suspend the effectiveness of our constitution--which makes no sense--you don't appoint a financial control board to take over Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico, with all due respect to the District of Columbia, is not the District of Columbia. It is not the city of New York. We are a territory. And there is case law from the Supreme Court saying that----    Mr. Pierluisi . We deserve deference, in terms of our own self-government for our local----