    Ms. Whelan. Thank you, Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and distinguished members of the committee. And thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today.    I am here performing the duties of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict to report to you on the health and welfare of our Nation's special operations forces enterprise, and on our ability to address our country's security concerns using special operations, now and into the future.    I am pleased that my partner at the table this afternoon is General Votel, who has been an exceptional U.S. SOCOM commander. And our entire SOLIC team was very glad to learn that he has been nominated to lead U.S. Central Command.    I would like to say up front that we are very grateful for the committee's strong support of special operations initiatives and resources. My remarks this afternoon will focus on three topics: the current operating environment, SOLIC's policy priorities, and our oversight activities.    Today our SOF personnel work in an environment where global conflict has expanded beyond the physical to dimensions such as cyberspace, the social media sphere, and bio warfare. Individuals, illicit networks, and terrorist groups such as Daesh can disrupt economies, interrupt the flow of information, and perpetrate significant violence, destabilizing countries and entire regions.    We are also seeing other nations, our peers and near peers, making use of these same new technologies to enhance aggressive, asymmetric tactics. In the face of this evolving strategic landscape the ability of SOF to operate unobtrusively with a small footprint in contested environments is becoming ever more crucial.    As a result it is important that we get our policy for and our oversight of SOF right. So I will describe some of our major priorities. First and foremost we prioritize developing the best SOF personnel and equipping them with cutting-edge technologies.    That requires constantly improving our existing platforms, equipment, and gear. It also means investing in new, innovative technologies. Another important policy priority is building strong working relationships with the SOF of allied and partner nations.    By boosting other nations' SOF capabilities we have the potential in the future to leverage those forces including their unique authorities. In particular the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund, CTPF, significantly boosted our most important tool, section 2282, the Global Train and Equip authority.    We appreciate Congress's continued support for this and other capacity-building authorities. Likewise our counterdrug authorities permit SOF and other DOD components to work with U.S. partner nation law enforcement to help counter drug trafficking and other forms of transnational organized crime which can serve as a source of funding for terrorists, insurgents, and other threat networks.    Another important part of SOLIC's work is oversight. For example we work with the Joint Staff and SOCOM to ensure that SOF activities are consistent with the policy guidance of the President and the Secretary of Defense.    We also routinely conduct site surveys to assess and evaluate our train and equip programs so that they are as effective and efficient as possible. SOF amounts to roughly 1.8 percent of the overall defense budget, and we remain committed to strengthening our budget management to maximize taxpayers' return on investments in SOF.    We will continue to work closely with Congress as we allocate resources and implement programs. In conclusion, I would like to thank Congress for its continuing support of our men and women in uniform and their families. And I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Whelan. Thank you, Congressman. Within the Department we obviously have authorities for our support to military information systems . And we support both the State Department as well as our operators in the field in an information operations arena.    In particular, in the field, we have MIS teams deployed with a number of embassies and supporting our COCOMs, our GCC COCOMs. They are assisting in attempting to counter the negative messaging and the propaganda that we are seeing coming from ISIL and from other sources.    Additionally, within the Department we are supporting the State Department's efforts as the lead in the counter-messaging with the establishment of the new Global Engagement Center to look at overall counter-messaging against ISIL and their propaganda, negative propaganda.    Ms. Whelan. I will start, sir. 1208, I think, is probably one of our most important programs to the SOF community and has probably, of all the programs that we have, and we have many successful programs, has given us the best return on investment across the board.    We have a number of 1208 programs underway now. And we very much appreciate the increase in the funding authority that we have to increase the number of 1208 programs. But 1208 has allowed us, they are small programs.    We are focused. We work with the best and the brightest in the countries in which we have the 1208 programs. And we have a great deal of flexibility. That is the other factor that makes the 1208 so valuable to our special operators, is the flexibility of the program, and the fact that the longevity of the program. Many of these programs have been in use for a number of years.    General Votel. Mr. Chairman, I would just add briefly to Ms. Whelan's comments because I think she hit on everything here.    This is an extraordinary authority, very unique to Special Operations Command, and I will tell you that it is not only appreciated by Special Operations Command, but in particular it is appreciated by our geographic combatant commanders, particularly the CENTCOM commander and the AFRICOM commander, where we employ this authority the most.    There are 19 different programs in 16 different countries so this is an extraordinary capability, as Ms. Whelan indicated. We are developing some extraordinary partner capacity out there. It is usually very small. But it is very, very capable. And what we see is considerable effects, positive effects from that program.    Ms. Whelan. Thank you, Congressman, for the question.    The primary process is we look at whether or not the activity or the requirement is SOF-specific or if it is also applicable to the general force. If it is SOF-specific then it moves into the MFP 11 SOF accounts. Otherwise we look for the services to cover it.    General Votel. Congressman, I would add two quick comments to you.    Part of this, I think, is making sure that we educate our force on what is, how we define SOF-peculiar and make sure that we understand how we are doing. And to that end we have established some, a narrative across the command that make sure that our leaders who are making decisions on funding and all that kind of stuff understand what it is that we consider to be SOF-peculiar.    So we aren't creating a problem in ourselves, spending money on things that we shouldn't be.    The other thing that I would tell you that we are doing is we are using our service SOCOM talks that we normally conduct in about a 12- to 18-month cycle with each of the services to talk about this specific issue right here and talk about what our requirements are to Congress for MFP 11, what our requirements are to the Department, what the intent of that is.    And then using that as a mechanism to talk about service-provided support to SOCOM and how we leverage the very unique funding authorities that Congress has passed to us to really focus on SOF-peculiar capabilities.    Ms. Whelan. Thank you, Congressman. Yes, actually, I do intend to continue it. And in my capacity performing the duties I intend to maintain that council.    I think it was a valuable tool for my predecessor because it allowed him to engage with the COCOMs, the services, as well as SOCOM in a high-level forum to discuss issues that may not have been resolved at lower levels.    So it was a consultative tool for him in conducting his responsibilities, his specific SOCOM oversight responsibilities. I think that it will continue to be a very useful tool for me as long as I am performing the duties of the Assistant Secretary of Defense.    From a resourcing standpoint it does not require much in the way of resourcing. My SOLIC staff serves as the executive secretary for it. It only needs as necessary.    Actually, most of the issues are resolved at the working level through working groups. So we had a SOPOC meeting this past summer more as a wrap-up of issues that had been resolved. I do intend to have one this spring, again, to just review the bidding because we don't have any contentious issues. But I think it is a valuable tool.    Ms. Whelan. The only thing that I would add, Congressman, is that our special operations forces are critical to enabling our partners to actually be more effective in their operations in this region as well. So I think that that is a very important role that our special operations personnel perform and they are uniquely qualified to assist in that area.    Ms. Whelan. Thanks, Congressman. No, it is not geographically limited. We have 1208 programs. Most of our 1208 programs are in the Central Command and Africa Command AORs to date, but there are some in other locations.    So it is just generally a very valuable tool for us in terms of working with our partners and enabling our partners to be part of the counterterrorism effort globally. And as we see ISIL in particular spreading its tentacles globally, programs like 1208 become very important to us.    Ms. Whelan. No, sir. The authority is not derived from 1208 specifically.    Ms. Whelan. So the 1208 is specific to working with partner forces. We utilize the AUMF as our legal justification for our engagement in Libya with partner forces against ISIL and/or AQ .    Ms. Whelan. So the AUMF was focused on Al Qaeda. And the legal rationale was that ISIL publically declared itself to be the successor to Al Qaeda. And so consequently the AUMF allows us to address ISIL where we find ISIL in Libya or----    Ms. Whelan. There are a number of locations. I can list a few off the top of my head. It would not be exhaustive.    Ms. Whelan. Thanks for the question, Congressman. So how are things going? Basically we have the possibility of a few prototypes of new technology for operational evaluation in 12 to 18 months.    We actually just recently met, it was in January. Sorry. It was in January that we met with our Israeli counterparts to discuss the way forward, and particularly how we were going to utilize the additional money that was authorized.    We have agreed on 17 projects, 5 of which have actually been initiated in 2015 on a smaller scale. So we are upscaling them. Seven of the projects we agreed to are for detecting tunnels. Six are for mapping them.    And then we have some other projects based on, focused on developing new tunnel detection and mapping technologies. We have one related to intelligence collections. So there is a very robust agenda that we have set, we and the Israelis, have set out for ourselves.    So I think we feel that we are in a pretty good position to move forward with them in partnership. And we hope to, as we move forward, to clarify what, as these programs develop, what future requirements might be.    Ms. Whelan. The only thing I will add to that, Congressman, is through CTTSO we collaborate and look for opportunities to collaborate with a lot of different partners in the university realm as well as, obviously, the private sector in developing new technologies to assist special forces personnel. So this would certainly be something that CTTSO might be interested in as well.