    Ms. DeGette. Thank you so much.    As a former constitutional lawyer, I was really quite dismayed to hear Commissioner's Pai's testimony about that the commissioners are prohibited from commenting on future rules. And Chairman Wheeler, someone asked you that question. I didn't quite get the answer. So, I am going to ask you a series of questions and I would like you help me clarify this.    Under the current rules of the FCC, commissioners are prohibited from releasing the language of pending rules until they are voted on in the proceedings. Is that right?    Ms. DeGette. So, you put out draft language. Is that correct?    Ms. DeGette. OK, stop.    Ms. DeGette. Stop. Stop.    Ms. DeGette. Now, so you do put out proposed language----    Ms. DeGette . in the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking. Then you debate on it and you vote on it.    Ms. DeGette. And then the rule is released, right?    Ms. DeGette. Now, do you have a prohibition on commissioners talking about the proposed rules in advance of the vote? Yes or no will work.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette. So, under your leadership, what you are saying is that when there is a proposed rulemaking, commissioners are allowed to exercise their first amendment rights and speak about the pending proceedings. Correct?    Ms. DeGette. Can you just answer my question?    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. Right. See, that is what I am trying to help you get out.    Ms. DeGette. So, they can talk about the proposed rulemaking.    Ms. DeGette. But they are not allowed to release the underlying language while it is still under consideration. Is that correct?    Ms. DeGette. And what is the rationale for doing that?    Ms. DeGette. And what is the rationale?    Ms. DeGette. Great, thank you. That is all I was trying to ask you.    Now, Commissioner Clyburn, in your written testimony, you mentioned interest in how the broadband can play a role in healthcare outcomes. And as you might know, Chairman Upton and I and the whole rest of the Energy and Commerce Committee are working on 21st Century Cures. A lot of this bill relies on expansion of the ability to collect data and then to aggregate that data in clinical trials. And so I just wanted to let you know that I think what you are talking about is really important and I think we need to be working together to make sure that we can get these benefits all around the country because part of the whole process with this big data and healthcare research is to get a much bigger diversity both geographically and ethnically of people who are involved in clinical trials.    So, I would like to be able to work with you going forward to making sure that we can achieve these ends.    Ms. DeGette. Thanks. So, you know I have got a few seconds left. Let me just go back to what I was talking to Chairman Wheeler about because what I was trying to get out of him is this. Once it was explained to me, I can see a real reason why you would want the proposed actual language of the proposed rules to be handled through the chairman's office. And you would want to have people be able to talk internally about that and you wouldn't want people just releasing bits and pieces of that language.    So, I agree with that but I also think it is important that the commissioners can exercise their first amendment rights without releasing that language. And I think that is what is happening now. So, I think we just need to everybody take a deep breath and step back and try to have a little bit more comity on the whole commission.    Thank you. I yield back.