    Mr. Ellis. Thank you.    Good morning, Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the subcommittee. I am Steve Ellis, vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense, a national nonpartisan budget watchdog. Thank you for inviting us to testify on opportunities and challenges facing the National Flood Insurance Program. Taxpayers for Common Sense is aligned with Smarter Safer, a coalition that is in favor of promoting public safety through fiscally sound, environmentally responsible approaches to natural catastrophe policy. The groups involved represent a broad set of interests from free market and taxpayer groups to consumer and housing advocates to environmental and insurance industry groups. All of the groups agree that NFIP should be made more responsible and greater reforms are needed.    I have a more extensive discussion of the opportunities and challenges facing NFIP in my written testimony, but in my short time now, I would like to address four of the points the committee raised in the letter inviting me to testify.    The committee asked, is the NFIP the ideal model for effective protection of residential and commercial property owners? No. And not just because it is $23 billion in debt to taxpayers. As was mentioned, the NFIP was created nearly 50 years ago because of a market failure. Today, the insurance industry is hungry for this risk and can provide it. To be clear, I am not suggesting eliminating NFIP tomorrow or anything close to that. The community rating system encourages mitigation, and there are properties that would see significantly higher premiums in the private marketplace.    But a primarily private sector program is where flood insurance is heading and should head, and FEMA has indicated as such, that it is heading this way. This is already happening, and in the coming decades, NFIP will likely become a residual market for policyholders who cannot obtain private flood insurance. This would be a limited set of policies, and it is not unlike residual homeowners' insurance programs at the State level. But Congress should be intentional about this development and ensure mitigation benefits achieved by NFIP are retained and funds for mapping maintained.    The committee asked about FEMA's efforts to accurately predict flood risks, price flood risk, and create an effective administrative mechanism to serve policyholders. I know FEMA is working hard to update the maps and has the new Technical Mapping Advisory Council to help guide them in their work. I also know that mapping efforts have not received full funding in the last several years, which inhibits their progress.    That said, more needs to be done for the public to have a greater understanding of their flood risk. FEMA is tasked with mapping this special flood hazard area for the mandatory purchase requirement. That is a Federal mandate that isn't likely to change. However, these maps are static; lines on a map designating various flood risk areas and charging various rates based on those risks. If a homeowner has an elevation certificate that proves they are elevated out of the flood plain, they can have those rates adjusted. But the creation of the rates as a sort of black box is not entirely clear that even full risk rates are actuarially sound. In some cases, there are significant cross subsidies where lower risk properties pay more to maintain subsidies for higher risk properties.    The committee also asked how NFIP in the private sector could better serve high-impacted communities and modernized mapping systems while incorporating local community mitigation efforts. There is no way around it. The maps have to be more accurate and smarter. There is a whole industry that has very accurate data. FEMA should explore data sharing and further contracting with them. There are also many different Federal agencies that engage in mapping. This should be better coordinated and shared among agencies to avoid duplication.    This is also where--and I know this is outside the committee's jurisdiction--the Nation's mitigation and pre-disaster programs have to dovetail with NFIP and post-disaster response.    Finally, the committee asked about the issue of affordability for families without the resources to pay actuarial flood rates. The affordability issue has to be addressed, but it must be done in a means-tested, targeted, and time-limited manner. Current subsidies are effectively hidden from the homeowner, which eliminates any price signal of risk or incentive to mitigate to reduce the risk and thereby the premium. Masking subsidies with lower rates prevents policyholders from understanding the true level of their risk. As was noted in the privatization report mandated by Biggert-Waters, subsidized rates ``can promote and have promoted poor decisions on the part of property owners and political representatives. They also create a moral hazard, especially when the subsidies are not well targeted.'' The report continues, that the presence of subsidies ``removes the incentive to undertake mitigation efforts, thereby encouraging ever-increasing societal costs.'' A far better approach is to encourage and fund mitigation measures that could serve to reduce rates by reducing risk.    In conclusion, private insurers are ready to write flood insurance, and as NFIP rates rise in the program to be more in line with risks, this will become even more so. With more insurers writing flood insurance, there should be a growth in overall coverage in the United States while the Federal program develops into a residual market. This will take a decade or maybe 2 decades or more, but Congress should work with the Executive Branch to manage the transition and use targeted mitigation tactics that make these remaining policies more commercially insurable.    There is no need for the Federal Government to further extend into the catastrophe insurance market through reinsurance or other means.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Ellis. Sure. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ellis. Right. So there is currently built into the rate structure a certain charge that goes to every policyholder under NFIP that is supposed to go for mapping. And then, there are also appropriations that augment that go for mapping. We believe that as you develop the private marketplace, there should be explicitly a similar fee, a matching fee, for mapping that is done on the private sector policies. It would be exactly the same as what somebody is do if paying an NFIP as they would paying the private sector, as this sort of a sur fee, if you would. And that way, one is we are still going to have the mapping required by the Federal Government to do the mandatory purchase requirement, unless you all decide to change that. And so we need to make sure that is retained. And so that would be how we would envision that would be addressed, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ellis. The lead inspector general after Katrina was the Department of Homeland Security's Inspector General, and they kind of led all the other agencies. And they did a lot of investigation into that area. And there has been some documentation on that. GAO also did a report on missed payments a couple of years ago as well.    Mr. Ellis. It is present. I think any time you have a Federal program, you are going to have some waste, fraud, and abuse, unfortunately, which keeps people like me in business. And so, I think that is still going to be an issue.    One other thing, Mr. Pearce, I just want to point out, is that we knew these kinds of catastrophic events were going to happen. So even if it was on the margins that the program was actually solvent, in large scale, we knew that there would be some event. We didn't know it would be Katrina, and Rita and Wilma in 2005, and we didn't know it was going to be Sandy in 2012, but we knew something was going to happen to make this program insolvent.    Mr. Ellis. Ranking Member Cleaver, absolutely. Tomorrow, you are going to have a hearing on Mr. Ross' bill along with Mr. Murphy, that would actually fix, adjust the definition of what is or what would represent insurance that met the mandatory purchase requirement. There are insurers in other States, even after Biggert-Waters was enacted, before the subsequent legislation, that we are starting to--in West Virginia and in Florida--that wanted to write insurance. So there is definitely an appetite and effort there. Some of it is just making it easier for that program to develop.    And then, actually, also, I think that which will also bring the private sector in is some of the consumer demand, because flood insurance, as was indicated by Mr. Heidrick, is a pretty limited product. I mean, you can't insure your basements. You have a limited $250,000, plus $100,000 for contents. There are other things they can do with the products they can make that are going to attract new ratepayers--or new policyholders on a product basis.    Mr. Ellis. My understanding, Ranking Member Cleaver, in the 1980s, was that also that was when they changed to actually having borrowing from the Treasury, and before that, there were appropriations that would backfill and dealt with that, and they forgave about a billion dollars of debt and then went to borrowing from the Treasury. That is my major recollection at that time.    Mr. Ellis. Absolutely. Right now, there is about--it changes, and it has been going down. There are about 5.3 million national flood insurance policies in the country. To put that in perspective, leaving aside multi-unit housing, there are about 100 million housing units in this country. So we already have an adverse selection and not very many people buying flood insurance, and even though FEMA says that a lot of their payouts are to people who are outside the mandatory purchase requirement area.    And so if this becomes a product that insurance companies can sell to their clients, then all of a sudden, it becomes less expensive. More people will be covered. We know these floods happen in these areas that are not in the 100-year flood plain, as has been indicated. So, actually, we can see an expansion in coverage in this country, which is certainly what we would like to see happen.    Mr. Ellis. Absolutely. We also would like to see a lot of that risk removed from the taxpayer onto the private sector where it belongs. Absolutely.    Mr. Ellis. I don't know that they have actually gone further from that study, and that was--the reinsurance study was done by Guy Carpenter, and then that was their opinion on top of it. So we would like to see the committee prod FEMA to go in that direction and to explore that more.    Mr. Ellis. I believe there is a way, and we have to find a way, Congressman Clay. What we have said is that right now when you have the subsidies that are built into the program, they are relatively hidden from the consumer. There isn't an explicit knowledge of what the subsidy is, and then also they are not means-tested. That means it is basically if you owned the house that was before the flood insurance rate map, you get the subsidy. And so we think that as rates increase--and we think they do need to increase, if there are cases--we need to do a means-tested, and we need have very targeted assistance that is outside the rate structure. We are open to talking about ways to do that. The Wharton Risk Center has talked about vouchers. There have been other ways of looking at how to address that for that core.    And then also the other thing is that reducing the rate or making people pay less, doesn't reduce their risk at all. It doesn't encourage them to reduce their risk at all. And so to some extent, one of the things that we have talked about is also looking at even prefunding some of that subsidy so that people can actually use that to mitigate and reduce their rate by reducing their risk. And that way, we are not putting people in harm's way, encouraging and subsidizing people to be in harm's way, but we are actually helping them out of the flood plain.    Mr. Ellis. We talked a little bit about Mr. Ross' bill, and one of the issues has been what exactly constitutes a private policy that would meet the mandatory purchase requirement, and his bill would clear that up in allowing the State insurance regulators to designate that. But that is just dealing with the mandatory purchase requirement. Obviously, there are people who do purchase flood insurance that are outside the flood plain. And part of it is that if the Federal Government is undercutting the rate, it is actually selling at a subsidized rate, both because either the rate is explicitly subsidized or because they can borrow from the Treasury, then you are really undercutting and crowding out the private marketplace. We believe that as rates increase, which they have been, that will become more competitive and actually allow the private sector to step in.    Mr. Ellis. Congressman Barr, I think that it is all perils, and as the private sector gets more engaged in the flood insurance market, and some of that will be because of clearing up some of the issues in the hundred year flood plain or the Special Flood Hazard Area, then there will be more companies writing policies. There will be more experience with writing policies, and that should actually attract consumers and actually more policyholders. That is certainly what we believe and think that will happen.    Mr. Ellis. Yes. Congressman Barr, also there is a lot of mapping that is being done and modeling that is being done by the private sector, companies like CoreLogic, that have some of this data, and I think it is important--I believe as Mr. Heidrick mentioned before--the maps that FEMA does are really a snapshot, and they are looking backwards.    The risk modeling is looking forward, recognizing there are changes in development and other patterns, and that can help inform consumers more that they have this risk. It is not this binary situation where you either have to buy it or you don't have to buy it, and if you don't have to buy it, then you think you are not at risk, when in reality you are at some risk and it could be quite considerable.    Mr. Ellis. Thank you very much, Congressman Green, for the question. Part of what we are observing, which was actually observed in the reports that came out after Biggert-Waters, the FEMA reports that came out, is that the residual market is where it is actually going. Unintentionally or intentionally, that is what is developing as the rates increase in the flood insurance program and as competition is going to come in. And so our point has been that it needs to be--and I think you are spot on, Congressman--an intentional decision by Congress on how to develop that and how to protect those consumers.    Also, as it becomes a more concentrated market, then it becomes something where Congress and the Executive Branch can target mitigation to help those people out. So it is not just about affordability because we are giving them subsidies or we are giving them a cheaper product, but we are actually reducing their risk so there becomes an appetite in the private sector to write policies for them as well. Because unlike your example in health care, and I am not an expert in that area at all, but it isn't that there is a 60-year-old house--it's not that houses get to being over 60 years--obviously there are houses that are 100 years old, but that same characteristic isn't analogous. We could actually make that 60-year-old house, at least in a risk standpoint, be a 30-year-old house if we do the right mitigation tactics.    Mr. Ellis. One of the things that came out of Wharton was this idea of vouchers to help people purchase their insurance. But I also think, and I know I am kind of going back to this, I think we should be trying to mitigate their risk and providing them assistance to mitigate their risk to reduce their rate rather than just giving them subsidies. But we already have certain affordability provisions built into flood insurance with the Pre-FIRM structures that have explicitly grandfathered and subsidized rates.    Mr. Ellis. Well, no, not to repair or replace. It could be to relocate. But it also could be to elevate or other mitigation tactics. I think that what we want to do is reduce the risk. It was brought up earlier that for every dollar we spend on mitigation, it is $4 less in disaster costs, and we think that would be the way to target it.    Mr. Ellis. Congressman, as the rates increase, and one of the issues we talked about and I mentioned earlier was the Wharton study looking at vouchers and sort of something outside the rate structure. Our biggest thing is making sure that people know their risk by knowing their actual rate, and then whatever we do as a country to help those people purchase insurance, that it be outside the rate structure so that they can actually inform them of their risk and then help them mitigate that.    Mr. Ellis. Thank you, Congresswoman Moore. So, that study did result in a National Academy of Sciences report that came out recently. Separately, there was also one done by Resources for the Future that was very interesting. I think the challenge is that in 1968, we went with an individual policyholder perspective, and having it house by house. You can see in certain ways that maybe even layering it on--you think about the fact that people will have lower homeowners' insurance rates if the community puts in fire hydrants and such a regular pattern. And so, there are certainly things that a community insurance could try to overall reduce the individual homeowners rates in that perspective.    And then also, that was part of what I think that when they created the community rating system and required communities to actually opt into the flood insurance program, agree to operate under certain restrictions, and then also gave them benefit to their homeowners if they actually did community-wide mitigation measures or whatever, that actually is trying to replicate that, but I would recommend the Resources for the Future analysis on that.    Mr. Ellis. That is my understanding, yes.    Mr. Ellis. One of the challenges would be for many of the policies that get the grandfathered or the subsidized rate, the preflood insurance rate map policies, they don't actually know the elevation of the actual policy, and so then there are some of the challenges in dealing with that. But I think that is something that would be worth doing, especially considering as we recommended that anything going forward as we are trying to do affordability issues, that the subsidy or whatever, the support be means-tested and be tested outside the rate structure. And so I think it would be a valuable effort, Congressman Royce.    Mr. Ellis. Sure, Congressman Royce. Certainly in Biggert-Waters 2012, they had the provision there about increasing rates for severe repetitive loss properties. That did not get changed in the subsequent legislation, so that is still going on, and so we think that is a positive step.    But I think that also looking at some of the programs that FEMA already has to actually, they have the ICC program which is like a $30,000 cap and you could possibly increase that cap in trying to help people elevate or mitigate or relocate. And so I think there are things we should be targeting our resources because as you pointed out, Congressman, it is such a drain on the program that those are the most likely, the most beneficial, the best investment to try to mitigate or relocate them out of the flood plain.    Mr. Ellis. I have not, Congressman. Basically, that number is realized by looking at the census data of how many housing units are in the country and then how many--    Mr. Ellis. There is a problem with the fact that there are properties in the mandatory purchases in the Special Flood Hazard Area that are not purchasing flood insurance, and GAO has done some analysis of that.    Mr. Ellis. A couple of things, Mr. Chairman. So it is true that the debt was largely driven by the storms of 2005 and then by Sandy. One of the things, and just kind of getting to the point about people paying full-risk rates and not the subsidy, I would argue that the fact that the program can carry a $23 billion debt and still operate is a subsidy inherently. Subsidies are inherently baked into the program because no private sector, there is no profit that needs to be taken. You can operate with a $23 billion debt. And so I think that is actually already built into the program.    As far as the debt, it is pretty clear that it is very unlikely that it will ever be repaid under the program. They repaid a billion dollars 2 years ago. They hadn't repaid anything over several years. It is very unlikely that it is going to be repaid. But it does concentrate the minds of lawmakers and of the public about some of the challenges in this program and the need to reform it. So certainly we see that as an important symbol for actually continuing to reform and improve the program.    Mr. Ellis. The way that FEMA had set rates before was that they looked at the average historical loss year over the previous decade, throwing out the highest loss and the lowest loss. You have to discount it, but you have to take into account these extremely large events, because we already know they can occur and they do occur. If you look at 2005 and the number of named hurricanes, we got into the Greek alphabet. We ran out of names. Clearly these are issues--and then there were a lot of people who said, well, that was a one-off. That was Katrina and it was a one year, but then not even a decade later, you had Sandy, which not only increased the borrowing authority for the Flood Insurance Program by $10 billion; it also required a $50 billion outlay from the Federal Government on dealing with that issue.    So I think you have to, Mr. Chairman, take that into account when you are setting the actuarial rates that there are these black swan events, there are these fat tail losses, but you have to discount it appropriately, and that is what actuaries are all about.    Mr. Ellis. We have testified before this committee in the past, and have been opposed to creating a national catastrophe reinsurance fund. We don't think that is necessary. There is a vibrant, very well-functioning reinsurance market. We can lay off debt on the worldwide marketplace, and so we don't think that is necessarily the route. Obviously, Uncle Sam is serving as a lender for this program to keep it afloat while it is underwater. We want to see further reforms in the program. We want to see more of the risk laid off on to the private sector through the primary insurers and reinsurers and deal with that issue that way, rather than creating some sort of Federal reinsurance.