    Mr. Bucshon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to say, I am a physician who has operated on premature babies as young as 23 weeks gestation. In fact, the smallest baby I operated on in my practice weighed only 650 grams. I did a specific operation call a patent ductus ligation of premature babies. And so I find the discussion, the callousness of the discussion, particularly appalling in the videos based on that, as well as the fact that I am a father of four and a pro-life person.    But also as a physician, I take access to health care very seriously, and it is very important to me. And that is why I think it is such a ridiculous argument that the minority makes that Republicans in some way want to limit access to health care for women. That is a debunked argument. It has failed politically and it has failed factually many, many times. But they continue to make it because that is the only thing they have.    So with that, I want to also outline some statistics on Planned Parenthood about access to health care. And this is their own data. They treat just 2 percent of the Nation's women for any reason, 2 percent. Ninety-eight percent of women get their health care other places other than Planned Parenthood.    They also don't offer women some basic primary care. Mammograms were just mentioned. But, Ms. Waxman, does Planned Parenthood perform mammograms?    Mr. Bucshon. That is a yes-or-no answer. Does Planned Parenthood----    Mr. Bucshon. So Ms. DeGette's statement was false, they don't perform mammograms, OK?    Mr. Bucshon. Well, any physician can do that. In fact, you know it is the law that if a woman comes into your office and they haven't had a breast exam within a year, even a cardiovascular surgeon must perform a complete breast exam? Do you know that that is true?    Mr. Bucshon. That is the fact.    Mr. Bucshon. Yes. Do they provide cardiovascular blood tests for women?    Mr. Bucshon. They don't, I will tell you.    Do they offer bone mass measurements for women, which is very important, as you know, because women are at risk for osteoporosis? Do they do that?    Mr. Bucshon. The answer is no, they don't.    And I think you do know this one: Their cancer screenings have decreased by half over the past 10 years.    Mr. Bucshon. The answer is yes, it has.    So the argument here, and I am speaking from a physician's standpoint, this is purely about pro-choice people trying to protect the organization that performs, what, 40 percent of the abortions in the United States. This is not about women's health care. Republicans want all women to have access to quality, affordable health care regardless of their ZIP code, regardless of what socioeconomic status they are. That is just a false argument.    And to stand here and try to say that if we don't redirect money to health centers that can be funded by the Federal Government and that Planned Parenthood loses their funding that all of a sudden women aren't going to have access to health care is just a false argument. I mean, it is just not true.    The other thing is, you know, I looked up the laws in Indiana about if you did this to a pet, you know, if you did some of the things described in these videos to, you know, an animal that was born alive and you destroyed them and took their body parts, in Indiana you would go to prison for 180 days and $1,000 fine. That is for a pet. And so to argue that we shouldn't have--that this should be something we should just callously talk about, about a human being, is ridiculous.    So I just think that we need to seriously look at our country and whether or not, as a people, we are willing to accept this activity, and quit trying to protect people that are doing things that really are morally and potentially legally not correct.    I would yield my last 30 seconds to anyone that wants to make any final comments.    Mr. Bucshon. I yield to Mrs. Blackburn.    Mr. Bucshon. I yield back.