    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ambassador Ford, I would like you to comment on a relatively recent development, which is the U.N. Security Council outline for a peace process in Syria. And I would like you to do so within the context of everyone's agreed goal of ultimately seeing Assad replaced. We want to make sure that we minimize any threats to the United States and to our allies. We would like to see stability in that region. We want to minimize the loss of human life and suffering. And I think we all, the United States and the world community, would like to see justice served for some truly horrific crimes in that area.    Train and equip hasn't really worked to that end so far. It has been an abysmal failure. Mr. Morell, prior to saying at the end of the day we have to get rid of Assad, or Assad has to go, said we don't have a credible ground force in Syria.    So tell me, Ambassador Ford, your thoughts on the prospects for this process, how aggressively we should commit to it, if you agree that it is the path to take, and what we can do most effectively, militarily, diplomatically, economically, or otherwise, to get to our goals through a more peaceful process.    Ambassador Ford. Thank you, Congressman O'Rourke.    In brief, I don't think the process is going to go anywhere. And I didn't think that a month ago before this Saudi-Iranian latest spat erupted.    There is nothing in the documents that came out of Vienna, where Secretary Kerry was with other foreign ministers, nor is there anything in the Security Council resolution that says that Bashar al-Assad must go. It is just simply not addressed.    Second--by the way, I would just say that, to me, is something the Syrians ought to negotiate. It shouldn't be a precondition, but it ought to be on the table.    Second, right now, there is a lot of goofing around going on about who should represent the Syrian opposition. And the Russians are trying to put their friends on the opposition delegation; the Iranians are trying to put some of their friends; and, frankly, the Turks and the Saudis are trying to put some of their friends. Syrians are not in control of this.    That, to me, spells disaster, especially if the really serious armed opposition guys, who accept a political solution, if those serious armed opposition guys are excluded from the negotiation, I can't imagine they will sustain their support for a political deal.    There has been a lot of talk about getting a cease-fire. You know the pictures of the starving people in Madaya? Madaya had a cease-fire. You can see what a cease-fire looks like. So if you are in one of those areas where there is a cease-fire and then you begin to criticize the regime, you don't want to appear on TV in their propaganda, which is what happened in Madaya; then, suddenly, food gets cut.    So I think, in all of this, it is not to say we shouldn't pursue a political process with this U.N. Security Council resolution, but it only works if there is pressure on all the sides--and I do mean pressure--on all the sides to make a compromise.    Mr. O'Rourke. So be explicit about that. In terms of pressure, are you suggesting a greater military pressure from the United States?    Ambassador Ford. Well, I am not saying that the United States should be bombing the Assad regime. I have never advocated for that. But I do think that there are people in the Syrian opposition who accept the need for a political solution, and they need more support than they are getting. They always have, and they still do.    Mr. O'Rourke. And you think some additional support will get us to where we need to be----    Ambassador Ford. Absolutely.    Let me give you an example of what I am talking about. So when the Russians intervened, started bombing, suddenly more anti-tank missiles appeared on the battlefield in the hands of the opposition, and they blunted a series of Assad offenses. That is what I am talking about.    It is not that the opposition is going to win a military victory. That would take forever and destroy whatever is left of Syria, not that there is much left. But the point is to inflict enough pain on the Assad government and its supporters that they will negotiate seriously at the table.    Mr. O'Rourke. So what Syria is missing right now is more pain. There hasn't been enough pain in the last few years.    Ambassador Ford. There hasn't been enough pressure put on the Assad regime to accept major compromises.    Mr. O'Rourke. Yeah.    With everyone on the panel agreeing that Assad should go--and I think he should also go, but I think you also said that should be a decision of the Syrian people--do you think the United States should be willing to accept his staying for some short period of time in order to achieve some of our other goals?    There is no perfect solution to the situation right now that is at least within our control. Should we be willing to concede some things, including Assad's presence, in order to get less suffering, more peace, more stability, serve our interests in the region?    And I am out of time, so I will take that response for the record from the panel.    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Coffman.    Mr. O'Rourke. Yeah. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to follow up on the great response from Ambassador Ford on my question about what a peace process would look like.    And you are much closer to this and have much greater experience and expertise on why the current U.N. Security Council process may not be a serious one. And if I heard you correctly, you said our strategy should be to arrive at a point of greater leverage against Assad, Iran, and Russia by better supporting and supplying those forces in opposition, excluding ISIL. And that will allow us then ultimately to enter negotiations on our terms, including, potentially, Assad stepping down.    What do we expect, reasonably, Russia to do? If we escalate, does Russia say, ``All right, you guys win,'' or do they escalate? And then what does the next round of escalation look like? In other words, could you set our expectations on length of time, cost, and potential reactions to the other players in Syria?    Ambassador Ford. Congressman, first, let me answer your question about Bashar al-Assad and should the United States accept him.    As I said, I don't think it is up to us to say he should stay or he should not. The man has no legitimacy, but that is a different question from whether or not he should stay.    I think we should judge whether or not Bashar al-Assad stays on this one criteria: If he stays, will the new national government under him be better able to mobilize Syrians to fight extremists or not? Will most of the armed opposition fighters, who are not extremists, will they then turn around and fight the extremists under a Bashar al-Assad-led government or not? That, to me, is the criteria.    So with respect to your question about Russian and Iranian reactions, I think for a time they will also escalate. Already, I think the Turks and the Saudis are escalating in response to what the Russians and the Iranians have done. I can imagine that this will go up several levels more.    It doesn't mean you can't have the peace talks start in the meantime, I think. Obviously, we would want that. I just don't think we are going to get very far in terms of mutual concessions and compromises until the Syrian Government and its allies feel more pain. I am sorry to say that, but it is what it is.    Mr. O'Rourke. My understanding of the peace process as adopted by the Security Council is that, within 18 months after the talks begin, elections are to be held that include the Syrian diaspora. Now, that would, I think, arguably, result in the election of someone other than Bashar al-Assad.    And, you know, however complicated it is to perform those elections, if you could in some way allow Syrians in Syria and outside of Syria to rally behind some person, then that might solve the concern that you raise there.    Now, getting there, you know, that is quite a challenge. I would like to see us, to the degree we can, help to facilitate that process to get to where you argued we should be, which is Syrians deciding this for themselves.    I don't know if either of the other panelists would like to comment on this.    Mr. O'Rourke. Mr. Morell, any thoughts on Russia's response to additional escalation on our part?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay.    Thank you for your responses and for being here.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. As you all have heard from a number of members, this has been tremendously helpful and insightful on some very difficult problems.    Dr. Vickers, I need to publicly confess that I am quoting you a lot these days, when you said we ought to figure out what we would do after the next big 9/11-style attack here at home and do that before the attack. It seems to me to be a measure of common sense. I am not sure the President is on the same page with us, but it could certainly alleviate a lot of casualties here at home.    But I think, Mr. Morell, you are exactly right; ISIS is a significant strategic and lethal threat. And, Ambassador, we have to deal with it in a way where it doesn't return in a new, even more virulent form in the future. It is a big challenge, as you all have said. It is going to take a while to do, but it is that serious and that significant.    So thank you all for being here, for being willing to answer our questions.    With that, the hearing stands adjourned.