    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning to you. And thank you so very much for the work that you have done. I did take the opportunity to read the briefing that I had last night, and it was quite extensive and a little bit scary.    For the record, I just want to ask a question. Is this a part of the fence that was compromised? For the life of me, I can't see how you scale a fence that is skinny like this and this long. Will you----    Mrs. Watson Coleman. OK.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. I know it is not--I know it is not this. They actually were able to scale this?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Yes.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. It just seems to me--it is interesting that they could even scale that. Are any of your recommendations proposing additional surveillance over these areas that could possibly be points of access to the White House?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Interoperability of communications?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. This is something that I heard in the 5 weeks that I have been here in some briefings, that the personnel that were on staff at the time of the fence jumping incident were--and I don't know what time of the night that was. Can you tell me the time of night----    Mrs. Watson Coleman . Or day? Early evening?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Was that--was the staff that was predominantly low seniority? Is there something to a staffing pattern that your seniority gives you a better staff shift? And is there an assurance that then or now that there are people who have more seniority and experience are there all the time?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. If you looked at their organizational staffing requests right now, would they be where they say they need to be? Because you are asking for 85 and 200. So is that--does that recognize that their staffing is not complete right now? Or is that in addition--did they have it and that is in addition to what they have?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. On the incident on the elevator, was there an explanation how someone of that nature got on the elevator with the President?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. OK. I am very supportive and very respectful of the Secret Service. And really, when I think of the Secret Service, I think of it being, you know, without parallel, the protection for the President and other people that is uncompromised and incomparable. So these number of incidences that have come up have been tremendously disappointing to me. And I just want to go on record as saying I don't think that we are talking about wasteful spending, and I don't think we are talking about asking for something that we don't need. And if we are going to look to where we are going to save money, we need to make sure that we are applying that to areas that don't have the kind of sensitivity.    Protecting the President of the United States and those like him, that is the most important thing that we need to be doing as it relates to our Secret Service. And I, for one, support the Homeland Security and its need for a clean funding bill and for the Secret Service to have new leadership and all the things that you have identified that it needs. And I thank you for your report and your work.    And I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to speak.