    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, you will get an overdose of Texas.    I see my colleague, Joe Barton, is not here, but I don't know if our members heard that his mom passed away last week, and----    Mr. Green . I just wanted to express regret to Joe.    Mr. Secretary, welcome back. According to the DOE Web site, for projects that cross the U.S. international border, DOE must comply with NEPA requirements to consider environmental consequences of a proposed project. Mr. Secretary, are you familiar with that requirement?    Mr. Green. When making cross-border decisions, does DOE adhere to NEPA regulations and guidelines set forth by the Council on Environmental Quality?    Mr. Green. Does this include cumulative indirect impacts?    Mr. Green. Does that----    Mr. Green. When making these decisions, does DOE adhere to NEPA regulations and guidelines set forth by CEQ, and you said yes, but does that analysis include cumulative and indirect impacts? Does the NEPA process include that?    Mr. Green. OK. CEQ requires an environmental impact for major federal actions significantly affecting the quality of human environment. It is reasonable to conclude that DOE would require an environmental impact for a cross-border project, an     Mr. Green. Would DOE consider approval of a cross-border project a major federal action? I am getting down to the whole----    Mr. Green. CEQ has determined that NEPA applies to significant federal actions and can't be avoided by segmenting a project. So that means that a project coming across from Texas to Mexico, not just a cross-border crossing but the project itself, would DOE decision-making on cross-border segments of a cross-border project require compliance with     Mr. Green. The discussion draft in the bill would eliminate the presidential permit process and grant cross-border decision-making to DOE for electric transmission facilities. If this draft would become law, the DOE will be charged with promulgating a rule to implement the granted decision-making. Is it reasonable to conclude that any DOE issues, new regulations, these regulations, would include NEPA requirements about a cross-border project?    Mr. Green. Yes.    Mr. Green. OK. There is language in Section 3104 of the bill that would limit the department's ability to fully comply with NEPA requirements. Do you believe that that language is needed?    Mr. Green. OK. Are you familiar with what is called the federal NEPA small handle issues?    Mr. Green. OK. If federal small handle issues relate to how much federal control should be exercised over a private project, specifically whether a full NEPA review is required, when the federal agencies control only a small segment in an otherwise private project. Courts have determined if an otherwise private project cannot proceed without federal permits, then federal agencies are required to satisfy NEPA requirements.    Mr. Secretary, is it possible for a cross-border project to proceed without a presidential permit under current law now?    Mr. Green. OK.    Mr. Green. Well, my concern is that we have been trying to set a standard in this bill and previous legislation on cross-border electric transmission, natural gas pipelines, and of course, crude oil pipelines. And in this case, the Department of Energy would have the authority over electric transmission----    Mr. Green . And whether Department of Energy would use the NEPA process to approve those cross-border----    Mr. Green. Well, I am out of time, but I know DOE, if we pass this bill with this particular section in it----    Mr. Green . Would have that authority, and I just wanted to see what the regulatory process would be with     And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Green. It does require a NEPA review.    Mr. Green. And that is what I was wondering, because there has been some confusion on our legislation that we have done separately that NEPA review is not required----    Mr. Green . And I want to make sure folks understand that it is in this bill----    Mr. Green . It was in the previous bill we passed out of the House last session----    Mr. Green . And on cross-border issues, not just for DOE.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman for clarifying.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate hearing from the county commissioner. My accent gives me away, but obviously, every school in Texas has energy courses, from our community colleges all the way up to not only Texas Tech and Lubbock, but UT and A&M and University of Houston, and everywhere else.    Ms. Cassady, I want to welcome you back to the committee. I know you are familiar with the NEPA regulations promulgated by the Council on Environmental Quality, not only from your work on the committee, but with the center. Under NEPA, an agency is specifically prohibited from segmenting projects, known as piecemealing. The Code of Federal Regulations states proposals or parts of proposals which are related to each other closely enough to be, in effect, a single course of action are evaluated. The discussion draft requires the State Department to promulgate rules on cross-border pipelines, and you heard Secretary Moniz say that the agencies are required to do it.    Ms. Cassady, wouldn't the federal agency in charge of the environmental review be charged with the NEPA review that satisfies these CEQ regulations, and looking at the whole project?    Mr. Green. Well----    Mr. Green. Shouldn't the cross-border review--so much of our NEPA process is also done by other federal agencies and a party to it. For example, if you have a pipeline coming from Texas in Eagle Ford to Mexico, that cross-border pipeline, state law covers it on the property that is not federal, but it may be crossing federal lands, and so the NEPA process would come into play on that. But granted, the cross-border, which is international, and of course, as taxpayers we own our part of the border, then they would do it. But you don't think that the bill calls for them to look at the whole project? And it may not be one agency doing it, but there will be other agencies doing a NEPA process on what they are required to do in that pipeline, from whether it be at Eagle Ford, of course, into Mexico. That is what worries me because I know, and my colleague from New Jersey said that the NEPA process is not covered. I think it is, because if it is not the Department of Energy, for example, for electricity transmission, it would be another federal agency if they had the authority in there, or in some cases, state agencies. So the NEPA process would be included.    And, Mr. Chairman, I know I am almost out of time, and we are almost out of time for----    Mr. Green. Yes. Now, I have to admit, in my few seconds, I have a problem with the State Department. We have a company in Texas who was--a Canada pipeline that was dormant, they wanted to change the name because they bought it, and their goal was to not only bring crude oil from Canada, but it was also to attach into the United States from Bakken, and the State Department decided they needed to review what was on the U.S. property.    Now, I want a federal agency looking at it, but the State Department shouldn't be deciding whether a pipeline out of Bakken is good or not because, granted, we are getting crude oil in trains into Houston, Texas, because our refiners do that. It is so much safer and easier to put a pipeline in there than it is bring those 100-car trains full of crude oil from Canada.