    Mr. Perlmutter. She was here first and has a higher rank.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Bonamici. Thank you for letting me participate today. This is my first of the Science hearings. I sit on the Energy and the Space Committees. I am not on this Committee, but this is of great interest to me.    Like Representative Edwards, I sat on the Rules Committee at the time we were going through the NPOESS saga, and you know, from 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010, there was a real question how NASA and NOAA were going to work with the Defense Department and how we were going to go forward, and that slowed things down. There is no ifs, ands or buts about it. That is history. We have got to focus on the future. And I appreciate the GAO for identifying and focusing on this subject because one of my quirks is my favorite channel is the Weather Channel, and that is pretty sick actually.    But Mr. Loudermilk hit on a point that is so important in discussing this subject. There is a public safety aspect to this and there is an economic aspect to the services you all provide, and the potential for a gap here, I think may have come from the Bush Administration, the Obama Administration and Congress but we have got to deal with that. We cannot allow for gaps to grow or we need to shrink these things.    And so I would start with you, Mr. Powner. What is the best way as you have analyzed this to deal with this gap and to shrink it if possible?    Mr. Perlmutter. All right. So I guess--I appreciate that, and I would ask that we take those mitigation factors and really, you know, exercise them, use them to the best of our advantage.    I think part of where I am coming from is, you know, there was a leadership issue back in the NPOESS days, and I would say to my friends on the Republican side of the aisle--and we take responsibility too--we are coming into a better economy and I would want us to assist you all in budgetary ways so that you can accelerate this so we are--so that we do meet that first launch date, that we can accelerate JPSS-2, that we are moving forward. We--things got stalled, then we had a bad economy, and we have got to get back on track because the potential loss of life and the potential to the economy by missing some of these things is too big.    And so Dr. MacDonald, since we are both Coloradans, I want to give you an opportunity to say whatever it is you want to say, and I will turn the floor over to you.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the opportunity to sit today.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks, Mr. Chair.    Just as a beginning to this, a prelude, you mentioned, Dr. Volz, about a suite, you know, sort of assembly, production. I think, Mr. Clarke, you talked about production lines. Some of these things are very intricate but some things can be built sort of not in an assembly-line mode but certainly you can prepare and you can have teams of contractors in place.    So first question I have for you, Dr. Volz, is, if by some circumstances the Congress were to appropriate more money to try to accelerate and to have an assembly line of one, two, three and four, can NOAA absorb that. Can NOAA deal with that? Can we acceleration the production schedule and the launch schedule?    Mr. Perlmutter. And I appreciate that. I am just a lawyer. You guys are the scientists, you are the engineers, you are the technicians. But I guess I come from a spot where, you know, President Kennedy said we are going to be on the moon, you know, nine, ten years from now, and everybody going wow, how in the heck are we going to do it. You guys all figured it out. So I don't doubt that if we want to send somebody to Mars we can get going on it. If we want to get these satellites built, you can do it. We need to provide you with the resources obviously, and you know, I am going to be pushing for that kind of thing.    Mr. Powner, are the teams in place? I mean, because of the upheaval and kind of the delays here and there between NPOESS and JPSS and to a degree GOES. Are the teams in place if we wanted to move this thing forward? Do we have the vendors? Do we have--you know, somebody mentioned Lockheed or Ball or whomever. Do we have those vendors in place?    Mr. Perlmutter. Dr. MacDonald, do you have anything to add, since you are from Colorado?    Mr. Perlmutter. I yield back, Mr. Chair. Thank you very much.    Mr. Perlmutter. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Perlmutter. Rumor has it, Mr. Powner, you are from Colorado?    Mr. Perlmutter. All right. I am so glad I asked you questions. I yield back.