    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the time, although I don't necessarily appreciate the subject matter.    This is the second time in 30 days we are holding a full Committee hearing ostensibly on whether Planned Parenthood has violated any laws. As Ranking Member Conyers and many others, including Chairman Jason Chaffetz of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, have made clear, there is no credible evidence supporting any allegation that Planned Parenthood has broken any law.    Ironic that we do this on a day that we honor Don Edwards, who did so much with the Constitution and Civil Justice Committee, who passed so many laws to protect people's civil rights and to move this country forward, and to this date when the Committee does very little.    Knowing that there is no ground to stand on regarding the legality of Planned Parenthood's actions, it is obvious the majority has chosen instead to move the goalposts. I suspect this hearing, like our last one, will ultimately dissolve into the never-ending argument of whether the Supreme Court rightly decided Row v. Wade, which for more than 42 years has guaranteed a women's constitutional right to choose. It is the law of the land. There is no such thing as murder. Murder is unlawful. This is lawful, a woman's choice, and within a certain period of time.    We are not likely to hear anything and learn anything new, but we will hear the same arguments. But one thing we will see is we will get a little bit something new. Most of my Democratic colleagues and I strongly believe in a woman's right to choose and that that is a fundamental right, it is a pillar of women's equality, and the Court got it right in Roe v. Wade. And I suspect most of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle believe the opposite--different values, different backgrounds they have than I have. The Court agrees with me.    I also suspect they disagree with me and most of my Democratic colleagues who strongly believe in Planned Parenthood and the 97 percent of its work that is not abortion: critical healthcare services, including health screenings, birth control counseling, particularly cancer, women's cancer.    These services are especially important for women of low income and minority women, for whom Planned Parenthood receives Medicaid reimbursements that constitute most of its Federal funding--Medicaid reimbursement for treating, observing, testing women for cancers and giving them birth control and advice.    In fact, it is against the law to use Federal funding because of the Hyde amendment. So none of that exists.    So we are likely to have an unfocused, scattershot, and ultimately pointless discussion over whether the constitutional right of women to make decisions about their bodies is a good or a bad thing--a question the Supreme Court clearly answered in 1973, but here we are today.    We could be talking about voting rights, something that Don Edwards voted for and greatly supported and my friend Julian Bond, memorialized on Tuesday, championed, but have taken a big step back. We could be talking about gun violence, people dying in Oregon, people dying all around this country, but we are not doing that. We could be talking about pardons and commutations for nonviolent offenders. And, thankfully, the White House is taking action, and this Committee will do some more action on that with a comprehensive bill. And I thank the Chairman for his working with our Ranking Member on that. But we are not.    Let us not forget this entire exercise is based on heavily edited videos doctored to make Planned Parenthood to be engaged in unlawful conduct, which it isn't, including the for-profit sales of fetal organs and tissues.    At this point, I ask unanimous consent to play a compilation prepared by Oversight and Government Reform Committee Democrats of the portion of the unedited video of Dr. Deborah Nucatola, portions that we do not see in the edited video, in which she makes clear that Planned Parenthood does not sell tissue or organs for profit, and to enter that video into the record.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you.    And if we could start playing it at 30 seconds and end it at 1:55.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you.    I think that is very telling testimony, all edited out and wouldn't be seen in those videos that they are talking about, where she makes clear it is not about making money, it is not Planned Parenthood's policy, and Planned Parenthood's policy is different. Some might donate it for free and give it for free, it is a woman's decision, and it is not our deal. But he kept going, ``Right, right, right,'' like, ``Stop saying this. This isn't what I want to hear.''    Last night, the Cubs beat the Pirates four to nothing. If they would have edited the game, take out the four runs, and we would still be playing. And that would be as fair a presentation of the game as there has been of this video.    This investigation of Planned Parenthood is based on false premises, one after another after another. It is time to stop wasting time, get on with meaningful work, and stop picking on women and trying to take their choice away.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Cohen. Aye.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Franks made a comment about a bill that was on the floor about 3 or 4 weeks ago, a born-alive children bill. On that same day, there was another bill on the floor to defund Planned Parenthood, and nobody on this side voted for them--he's right--and he didn't come to the Subcommittee, and he didn't go to the full Committee for a markup or for a hearing because regular order did not apply because the Pope was going to be here, and we wanted to put the focus on this issue because it was politics.    We're supposed to go to Committees for hearings like we're having today, and if there is a bill--and there's no bill here; this is just show business hearing--then there's supposed to be a markup. There was none of that. It went straight to the floor; no amendments allowed in the Rules Committee. So protocol was just done away with. It was politics, just like Benghazi was politics, and Kevin McCarthy told you it was politics. It accomplished its purpose of hurting the woman who is going to lead this Democratic Party, and the leading----    Mr. Cohen. No, I won't.    And just like that, and he admitted this is what they were doing, and this Planned Parenthood is the same deal.    They're having a special Committee they've now set up, and yet Representive Chaffetz said there is not any evidence that there has been any law violated, and there isn't, and yet we're having a special Committee.    Let me ask Dr. Levatino: You admitted that your video had nothing to do with--nothing to do with Planned Parenthood, correct?    Mr. Cohen. Don't tell me about relevance. I want--answer the question. It had nothing to do with Planned Parenthood.    Mr. Cohen. Right. Did you ever work for Planned Parenthood?    Mr. Cohen. When?    Mr. Cohen. When you were a resident. Not when you were in private practice, though?    Mr. Cohen. So you didn't do 8 years working at Planned Parenthood?    Mr. Cohen. Do you or anybody else on the panel know--because this is talking about medical ethics, is what this is entitled, ``Examining Abortion Procedures and Medical Ethics.'' Does anybody know one person who lost their medical license because of activity at Planned Parenthood?    Ms. Stoltenberg, do you know of anybody that lost their medical license?    Mr. Cohen. No?    Ms. Thayer, do you know of anybody that lost their medical license?    Mr. Cohen. No?    And, Dr. Levatino, do you know of anybody that lost their medical license?    Mr. Cohen. Medical ethics. Case closed.    Second question: Ms.--I don't have your name right----    Mr. Cohen. Where was your second abortion?    Mr. Cohen. And where was your third abortion?    Mr. Cohen. And Emma Goldman is not Planned Parenthood, right?    Mr. Cohen. A lot of places do the same procedures, but this hearing is about Planned Parenthood. So your second and third abortions had nothing to do with Planned Parenthood, right?    Ms. Thayer, you now have a not for profit responsible--what's the name of your not for profit you run?    Mr. Cohen. Yeah, and do you draw a salary there?    Mr. Cohen. A stipend. And what is that stipend?    Mr. Cohen. A thousand. And when you make--you're considered a ``Christian speaker.'' Do you get paid to make your speeches or just expenses?    Mr. Cohen. But you get your expenses?    Mr. Cohen. Well, I know that. That would certainly be wrong. The government doesn't pay any of us too much.    The fact is this hearing is just like Benghazi. It's just like the Select Committee on Planned Parenthood. It's politics. And yet we've got major problems going on in this country. The whole idea that this is about Planned Parenthood is wrong. And Dr. Levatino has admitted medical ethics, everybody, there's no evidence of any medical ethical impropriety by Planned Parenthood; only a title that's been put up here. And Ms. Stoltenberg has one-third of her history with Planned Parenthood. It's unfortunate this is the way we're spending our time. It's really unfortunate.    And I appreciate Planned Parenthood for what they do for lower income women, for women who need health services, who need family planning, who need cancer exams, cervical, breast, et cetera, and that are performed by Planned Parenthood. And I'm happy that Medicaid reimburses them, and that's good.    And I yield back the balance of my time.