    Mr. Whitney. Thank you, and good morning, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to be here today to represent the Department of Energy's Office of Environmental Management and to discuss the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act.    The Environmental Management program was established in 1989 with the mission to clean up the largest and most complex nuclear waste sites in the world as safely, effectively, and quickly as possible. This involves some of the most dangerous materials known to humankind, and it is no simple task. But the EM has completed cleanup activities at the 91 sites across 30 States since their inception, leaving the remaining cleanup work at 16 sites in 11 States. That is approximately $150 billion worth of cleanup work completed since the inception of the program.    Sites like Fernald in Ohio and Rocky Flats in Colorado have been cleaned up and are now wildlife preserves. We have decommissioned and demolished more than 2 million square feet of excess facilities and removed all EM special nuclear material from the Idaho National Laboratory. We produced nearly 4,200 cannisters of vitrified high-level waste at Savannah River site and the West Valley sites combined, and we have closed 6 underground storage tanks at the Savannah River site. We demolished the K-25 building at the Oak Ridge site, which was once the largest building under a single roof in the would.    The Federal Government's investment in EM is resulting in safe and secure nuclear waste and reduced risk to the American people and environment.    One of the great success stories of the program is the cleanup of the Rocky Flats site, which is listed on the National Priorities List, and cleanup was guided by a tri-party interagency agreement. In October 2005, EM completed the cleanup significantly under estimated cost and schedule.    A number of factors were important contributors to the success of the Rocky Flats cleanup, including a collaborative working relationship with the regulators, both the State regulators and Environmental Protection Agency; an incentivized and motivated management and operations contractor; consistent and reliable budget appropriations; a closure managed as a finite project; involved stakeholders; and engaged workers and public.    The Department has a balanced approach under the regulatory frameworks of the applicable environmental regulations, including CERCLA, also the Resource Conservation Recovery Act, or RCRA, the Atomic Energy Act, and the National Environmental Policy Act. And this guides and directs our cleanup actions.    EM continues to pursue its cleanup objectives safely within a framework of regulatory compliance, and the Department has 19 sites currently listed on the EPA's National Priorities List. EM is responsible for the cleanup of 11 DOE NPL sites which are located across 7 states.    Under CERCLA, EPA oversees the Department's cleanup actions at NPL sites, and, although States are not a delegated authority for oversight of DOE's NPL site cleanup under CERCLA, State regulators are active participants in the CERCLA process. We work with EPA in the States to determine site priorities, evaluate cleanup approaches, develop a schedule for cleanup activities, and specify the requirements the site cleanup actions and activity must meet.    These collaborative decisions are memorialized as binding commitments in a Federal Facility Agreement or a tri-party agreement between the state, EPA, and DOE. And these regulatory frameworks set cleanup standards and govern our cleanup activities. Generally, cleanup levels are directly tied to the expected future land uses of our sites. We have nearly 40 agreements at the 16 sites where we are working.    Largely EM has had success working with state regulators when it comes to negotiating, updating, and improving compliance agreements. Our site office have weekly, often daily, interactions with our regulators, state and EPA, to keep them apprised of site activities.    We also currently have one Federal Advisory Committee Act-chartered Site-Specific Advisory Board, with eight local advisory boards organized under that umbrella. Members of these advisory boards include people directly affected by site cleanup activities, such as stakeholders from local governments, tribal nations, environmental and civic groups, labor organizations, universities, industries, and other interested parties and citizens.    A collaborative relationship with state and Federal regulators and the public is essential to successfully completing our cleanup at our sites.    In addition to the collaborative relationships with regulators and stakeholders, there is also a need for continued investment in research and development for our program. We believe through strengthening the scientific basis for decisionmaking, the improvement in the effectiveness of cleanup technologies, as well as development of new technologies that address difficult and one-of-a-kind, unique issues and challenges, it is our hope that costs and project timelines can be reduced.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the subcommittee, I am again honored to be here today representing the Office of Environmental Management. I appreciate your interest in our work, and I appreciate the funding provided by Congress for EM each year.    We are committed to achieving our mission within a framework of regulatory compliance and will continue to comply innovative environmental cleanup strategies and to complete our work safely and efficiently, thereby demonstrating value to the American taxpayers.    Mr. Chairman, I know you have had the opportunity in the past to visit the Savannah River site fairly recently and get a firsthand look at the magnitude and the challenges that we face on a day-to-day basis in implementing our cleanup work at our sites.    I would invite and encourage every member of the subcommittee to visit our sites and would be happy to assist in arranging tours and those visits as appropriate.    With that, I am pleased to answer any questions as we move forward that you may have. Thank you.    Mr. Whitney. Thank you, Chairman.    So, for the Department of Energy sites, while we are the lead agency for the cleanup, we do not have a regulatory role. That regulatory role is by the EPA and the states. And so, sir, I don't see a conflict of interest. We work very closely and----    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. Sir, I am not aware of that with respect to DOE sites.    Mr. Whitney. Correct.    Mr. Whitney. Maybe I will go first, if that is OK.    Yes, sir. The Department of Energy is subject to the same requirements as private entities under CERCLA.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. As I mentioned, we have cleaned up 91 of our sites across 20 states, and we have 16 sites remaining.    We have reduced the footprint, the cleanup footprint, in Environmental Management, the DOE complex, by 90 percent. And when we talk about our sites, we talk about square miles and not square acres. And we are down to about 250 square miles, and we were previously around 3,000 square miles when we started with the program.    So we have had significant accomplishments across the complex. Now, as my colleague here has stated for DOD, we have some complex challenges remaining ahead of us. And probably the most difficult challenges remain ahead of us.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. I think it could be--we know what our cleanup lifecycle is. So I don't know if more cleanups could be completed, but the cleanups that we have could be completed quicker.    Mr. Whitney. Thank you, sir.    Yes, and we are committed to the cleanup of Portsmouth, and it is unfortunate that WARN notices had to be issued at the end of August.    Our request for 2016 is actually a little bit more than the President's request for 2015 for Portsmouth, and it is about $227 million for 2016 in our request.    Unfortunately, the request, as well as the House--even though the House mark was a very large increase over the President's request--and the Senate mark did put us in a position where we had to provide funding guidance that was lower than the 2015 request.    Now, as you know, sir, on top of the $227 million request, we were able to take advantage of barter of uranium, which probably the proceeds, depending on the price of uranium at the time, is another $160 million approximately. So that is almost a $400 million investment in the----    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. I think it is a little easier for DOE because we do know the universe of our facilities, and, while the sites are large, the number of sites are not. And so all of our sites have been through that preliminary assessment process, the site evaluation process, and they either ended up on the National Priorities List or they did not.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. Well, the 21 sites that were on the National Priorities List, all of those sites required some level of cleanup--has 11 of those sites remaining.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, and we have a variety of avenues to achieve that type of involvement, as well, first and foremost, the states of course being regulators on the cleanup that we do at our sites. But that relationship with the local communities and other folks in the state is also very important to us, and we have site-specific advisory boards made up of citizens of the surrounding communities around our sites.    We also provide grants to many organizations, such as ECOS, the Environmental Council of States, such as National Governors Association, the State and Tribal Government Working Group----    Mr. Whitney. It truly is a tri-party. For us, it is tri-party.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.