    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here today.    Mr. Secretary, one of the things that I read was that the largest democracy in the Western Hemisphere encouraged us to get rid of our embargo with Cuba, that it would help the relationship.    I am just wondering why some of these countries are not speaking up against the abuses that go on in Cuba and in Venezuela. I mean, somebody pointed out before that a 14-year-old boy was shot yesterday. Places like Brazil, how come they don't say anything about the human right abuses? How come they don't say anything? If they encouraged us, it seems like we were left alone. I just think they are fearful of Cuba stirring up the university students in some of these countries.    Mr. Sires. Well, we could go on, but I have a couple of other questions.    Mr. Sires. Well, that is what I'm here for.    Colombia. You know, I have a great deal of Colombian population in my district. Some of the Colombians are concerned about our decision of sending Harrison, our envoy, to participate in this treaty. They feel that, if things don't turn out well, you know, Santos has somebody to blame, which has always been the ugly American in South America, which is us.    I know that he asked. I know that we complied with his ask. But I was just wondering what do we really get out of this other than--if it doesn't go well and the Colombian people turn down this pact, we are going to wind up being the bad guys.    Mr. Sires. But the impression out there seems that we sent Harrison over----    Mr. Sires. Yeah. But they were pretty much outcasts, Colombia, because they were dealing so much with us. And that concern----    Mr. Sires. And the last question I have is----    Mr. Sires. I am just concerned that we are going to wind up looking bad, as usual.    The last question I have is: Where is our progress with Joanne Chesimard as far as being sent back to the United States to face trial? Joanne Chesimard is the Black Liberation Movement woman that killed a state trooper in New Jersey. And I read where the Cuban Government said, ``That is out of the question. We are not sending her back.''