    Mr. Hunter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a little something to say, but let's focus on this right now. There is no peace dividend in terms of not having to move stuff around anymore. I think that we are seeing it is loud and clear, there is not going to be a time where we don't have to move military goods overseas somewhere. It is not going to happen. We are going to have to do it over and over, and it seems like a year or 2, or 3 years ago we reached a time where we thought it would be okay to start losing U.S.-flag ships, not having them ship the 75 percent cargo preference, moving that to 50.    I think it is clear now, at least with what happened in Paris, and what a lot of us have been talking about non-stop, things haven't gone away, the world is not a safer place. You are going to need these ships to move gear to our troops on the ground overseas. And that is it. I mean, that is what I am here for. This is not about helping people. It is, in a way, about helping people, and giving food to third world countries, but in the end it is about national security. It is about maintaining a U.S. fleet to serve our U.S. military. That is what it is about. It is about national security. And this is a way to subsidize the national security aspect of our maritime fleet without having to spend tens of billions of dollars to create a just sit there forever fleet in the Navy, just in case we need it sometime. We are saving tens of billions of dollars with MSP, with food aid, and we just need to figure out how we make it clear to the government, the Executive Branch, that, as long as they keep putting us into wars, because that is what the Commander-in-Chief can do, you are going to need ships to supply those wars.    So that is what I would like to get out of this today, is that we talk about MSP, talk about food aid, and how you can subsidize long-term the U.S.-flag cargo fleet to support our troops. That is it. And with that, I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. I guess the first question is why do we have 57 and not 60 MSP ships for the first time ever?    Mr. Hunter. But I thought, with the MSP, you are getting a stipend so that you can run your own stuff until the U.S. needs you, right?    Mr. Hunter. So you only have 57 because we only need----    Mr. Hunter. Okay.    Mr. Jaenichen.--had to make decisions to be economically viable.    Mr. Hunter. So when appropriators appropriate money, though, they appropriate for 60 ships, right?    Mr. Hunter. So what happens to the $3.2 million times three ships?    Mr. Hunter. So it stays in the MSP fund?    Mr. Hunter. Okay.    Mr. Hunter. Yes. So, Mr. Berteau, let me ask you, DOD was doing a study under General Paul J. Selva, before he moved on, USTRANSCOM, and I know MARAD did two strategic symposiums last year. What were your findings, number one, and have you shared with each other, number two, and I guess three, when do you go about implementing all of the things that you found in your review?    Mr. Hunter. So by doing the study, you realized that you need to do a better study?    Mr. Hunter. Okay.    Mr. Berteau.--current job while that was underway, and that is exactly the first conclusion that I have come to.    Mr. Hunter. Okay. So there are no real conclusions, then, from what the DOD has seen?    Mr. Hunter. Okay. What about you guys? I went to one strategy meeting last year, I remember that, but you guys did these symposiums, right?    Mr. Hunter. How was MARAD able to do it, and not DOD? I mean, you are going to ask the same questions.    Mr. Hunter. What I am asking, though, is why doesn't DOD jump on that bandwagon? If you guys know how to ask the questions, and know----    Mr. Hunter. And does that help you, Mr. Berteau, on your----    Mr. Hunter. Okay. I guess my last point is, and this will be fun for you to answer. Why is it so difficult to get the point across to all the stakeholders on how important it is to have a fleet on standby for the United States to use for any purpose that it sees fit, national security or otherwise? Why is it so difficult to get across to--I mean, you have folks like the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Ed Royce, wants to get rid of food aid. So you would think that all the stakeholders in Congress, and in the Executive Branch, and the regulatory branches, would realize the impact of not having enough U.S.-flag ships, U.S. mariners, to crew those ships, and what it would do to the country if we really needed this capability. Why is it so hard, do you think, to get this point across?    Mr. Hunter. Mr. Chairman, I have one last question. What would it cost to not have MSP, and to simply have enough ships on hand, let us say that the Navy did it, just sitting there? Kind of like the ready reserve fleet, but actually moving around every day. What would it cost to have that capability on standby 24/7 with the number of ships that we would need to surge into a part of the world?    Mr. Hunter. Thank you. Thank you for your indulgence, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Hunter. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. First, this is proof that there is somebody watching this hearing. I already heard from the Foreign Affairs Committee that I might have misrepresented Chairman Royce's take on food aid. Now, I want to get this straight, because it is interesting, they said--and he is pro-MSP too, we helped--and he helped with the language of the MSP and the National Defense Authorization Act, but he is pro-commodity. He is pro-food aid, but for cash, which is what we have been talking about, as opposed to shipping the commodity, giving them cash where there is famine, and having them buy it there. Obviously that is what we have been talking about for the last 2 hours. That is a big difference. So I just wanted to set that straight.    I guess the question is, are there government agencies that don't go by the cargo preference rule? I mean, are they breaking the law? And if they are breaking the law, who is supposed to enforce them? Who is supposed to enforce the law, the cargo preference law?    Mr. Hunter. So there is no overarching umbrella law? I was reading that USDA and USAID both interpret the law differently on geographic location of where they take the food, right?    Mr. Hunter. Because there is no overarching direction from MARAD. I would ask Chip, because he is still here, is MARAD working on giving that direction, and do you have the ability or the purview, I guess, to even do that.    Mr. Hunter. So what is the recourse, then, of MARAD if someone doesn't follow the cargo preference law?    Mr. Hunter. Do they sue them?    Mr. Hunter. Yes, so what happens if the Department of Energy or somebody else violates the cargo preference law?    Mr. Hunter. How many waivers are requested every year to go to use foreign flag ships for commodity trade, for food aid? Do we know?    Mr. Hunter. Explain this.    Mr. Hunter. Well, let us go from scratch. So you have a cargo preference cargo----    Mr. Hunter. A foreign company and a domestic?    Mr. Hunter. And how does a foreign----    Mr. Hunter. A U.S. vessel?    Mr. Hunter. They have an understanding.    Mr. Hunter. They would be happy if there was no cargo at all.    Mr. Hunter. There is one thing I don't understand still, though. So you have two companies, a foreign company and a U.S. company, and say that there is 100,000 pounds of food, okay?    Mr. Hunter. Or----    Mr. Hunter. Whatever you want to say. Half of that has to go to a U.S. company.    Mr. Hunter. Okay.    Mr. Hunter. When you say that you compete, though, against a foreign company, that is for the other 50 percent, not the 50 percent that is guaranteed to a U.S.-flag vessel, right?    Mr. Hunter. I see.    Mr. Shapiro.--and American.    Mr. Hunter. So say in a geographic region, they could say all of Africa, as opposed to a country in Africa, we have already met 50 percent for this region?    Mr. Hunter. I see----    Mr. Hunter.--vessels.    Mr. Shapiro.--the Maritime Administration took the position, with the shipper agencies, that they were going to go to regions because they were looking to maximize the amount of cargo that could be sent----    Mr. Hunter. On foreign----    Mr. Shapiro.--and on American ships country by country, we may have 200 tons going to one country, 300 tons, but 50,000 tons going into a geographic area. They wanted to have the maximum tonnage available to move because it was economically efficient to move it that way.    Mr. Hunter. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.