    Chairman McCaul. The Committee on Homeland Security will come to order. The committee is meeting today to examine the administration's flawed implementation of the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    We are holding this hearing today because Congress is confronted with a dilemma, which has grave implications for our National security and for our democratic process. In December, the President signed important measures into law to improve counterterrorism screening of foreign travelers coming into the United States.    These enhancements were urgently needed in the wake of the Paris attacks and in light of the high terror threat environment. But now the President has decided that he is going to break this law.    He plans to do so, in part, to accommodate the world's leading state sponsor of terror, Iran. I believe this decision could have serious consequences for our security and, perhaps, more importantly, far-reaching consequences for our democracy.    This legislation at issue is H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015. It was authorized by this committee's Vice Chair, Mrs. Miller, and it implements several major recommendations from the committee's bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel.    The bill passed the House overwhelmingly, 407-19, and it was included in the year-end spending bill signed by the President. This was one of the most significant pieces of security legislation Congress considered last year.    It tightens security checks overseas and makes it harder for terrorists to exploit the Visa Waiver Program to get into the United States. The threat is real. For instance, more than 6,000 Westerners have gone to fight in Syria and Iraq, and many of them are from Visa Waiver Program countries.    This means, they can enter the United States more quickly and easily than other travelers. Nearly 2,000 of these individuals have already come back from the battlefield. Accordingly, the new law sends a clear message to Visa Waiver Program citizens. If you have recently visited Syria, Iraq, Iran, or Sudan, you must go through additional screening before coming to the United States.    The law requires these individuals to get a regular visa, which includes an in-person interview and the submission of their fingerprints. Congress included specific exceptions, including allowing individuals to still travel visa-free to America, if their reason for being in a terrorist hotspot was for military service or official Government business.    But during bipartisan negotiations over the bill, the administration asked for other exceptions. They wanted to let individuals skip the new security procedures if they had traveled to these countries for journalistic, humanitarian, cultural, or business purposes.    Congress explicitly rejected these exceptions, and they did not appear in the final text of the bill signed into law. It was clear that such broad loopholes would undermine the purpose of the law and make it difficult and costly to implement.    Many of us are also aware that jihadists commonly use excuses like humanitarian assistance to disguise their actual reasons for traveling to a terrorist safe haven. In fact, earlier this week, 7 people were arrested in Spain for supplying arms to ISIS, disguised as humanitarian aid workers.    However, Congress did agree to provide a narrow waiver to allow a Visa Waiver Program traveler to avoid the extra step of visiting a U.S. Embassy if it was, ``in the law enforcement or National security interests of the United States.''    To be clear, this waiver was intended to apply to special circumstances, such as when a foreign traveler is being investigated or monitored. The waiver would ensure that those activities are not disrupted and that a suspect is not tipped off. I believe that the administration clearly understood this. But then Iran weighed in.    In December, the Iranian regime complained to the Obama administration that the law would hurt their economy by deterring European business travelers from visiting. Why? Because doing so would mean they had to go through additional security steps the next time they came to America.    Iran even argued that this was a violation of the nuclear deal. In a rush to appease them, Secretary Kerry wrote a letter declaring that the law could be waived, ``So as not to interfere with legitimate business interests of Iran.''    Let me be clear. Nowhere does the law include this authority. In fact, Congress explicitly rejected the waivers requested by the White House. I joined other Congressional leaders in writing to Secretary Kerry to remind him what the law actually says.    Yet, last month, the administration announced it would be able to exempt several categories of individuals from these requirements. In fact, they claimed that Visa Waiver Program citizens who traveled to terrorist hotspots for humanitarian or journalistic purposes, or to Iran for business purposes, could be exempted from the new security process.    Once again, this law does not include such exemptions. They were proposed by the administration. They were discussed, but they were rejected by Congress. The administration even agreed to the final text and publicly supported the bill.    I cannot overstate how serious I believe this issue is, as a separate, but equal, branch of the Government, the branch of Government that makes the law. The Executive should implement that law according to the will and intent of the Congress.    The President's moving forward with an illegal implementation of the law that he signed only weeks ago, breaching the trust between our 2 branches of Government and potentially putting our Nation's security at risk.    These requirements were imposed for a reason, to ensure individuals who have recently been in terrorist sanctuaries do not pose a threat to our country. The law does not forbid Visa Waiver Program travelers from coming to America. It simply adds an additional layer of security.    But the administration's false reading of the law has Congress and the American people wondering, ``How much further will we bend backwards for Iran?'' We have paid them ransom to release detained Americans. We freed up billions of dollars for their rogue regime. Now, the President is ignoring our own laws so we don't interfere with Iran's economic growth.    Today you will hear our witnesses say these exceptions will only be used on a case-by-case basis. But you are not allowed to break the law on a case-by-case basis. When you are the President, you are not supposed to break it at all, and certainly not for a state sponsor of terror with American blood on its hands.    Chairman McCaul. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the committee, Mr. Thompson.    Chairman McCaul. I appreciate that.    Chairman McCaul. I thank the Ranking Member for his leadership on this issue, as well.    Other Members are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    We are pleased to have a distinguished panel of witnesses before us today on this important topic. First, Gil Kerlikowske, was sworn in as commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in early 2014, taking the helm of the largest Federal law enforcement agency in the United States Government.    He brings 4 decades of law enforcement and drug policy experience to the position. Formerly served 9 years as chief of police for Seattle, Washington. Before, he served as head of CBP--before serving as head of CBP, he led the Office of National Drug Control Policy.    Thank you for being here today.    Next, we have Ms. Hillary Johnson, deputy coordinator for homeland security, screening, and designations in the Bureau of Counterterrorism. Ms. Johnson oversees the designation of foreign terrorist organizations and individuals under the authorities of the Secretary of State, and terrorism screening and interdiction programs.    I want to thank both of you for being here today. I think, given the gravity of the circumstances that we find ourselves here today, I will be administering an oath. If you would both now, please stand and raise your right hand.    Let the record reflect that both witnesses answered in the affirmative. The witnesses' full written statements will appear in the record.    The Chair now recognizes Commissioner Kerlikowske to testify.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you, Commissioner. We appreciate your service.    The Chair recognizes Ms. Johnson for her testimony.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.    I now recognize myself for questioning. You know, after the Paris attacks and the tragedy, the bill that Candice Miller introduced that was marked up out of this committee, I met with our Counterterrorism Task Force at the leadership level. We decided that we needed to respond, in an urgent manner, to the attacks. We moved this bill forward to go to the floor of the House.    Let me just say, Ms. Johnson, I recognize you are a career diplomat. We asked for somebody at the political level to answer the political questions that I am getting ready to ask you. So I just want to say that I understand the position you have been put in by the administration.    But, having said that, as we were deliberating the introduction of the bill on the floor, that had been marked up by this committee, we had discussions at the leadership level, in both House and Senate, and also with the White House, State Department, and Department of Homeland Security.    We had--there was an email exchange. I think it is very enlightening, in terms of looking at the express intent of this law. We came to, both State, Department of Homeland, and the White House. We got this response: Would you please consider an exception for humanitarian purposes, for business purposes, for journalistic purposes?    I remember, I was in the meeting with the Majority leader of the House and the other 3 National security committee Chairmen. We discussed your proposal, the proposal that came from the Department. That proposal was rejected on all counts, expressly rejected by the framers and the authors of this legislation in the Congress.    The response that we got, when we came back with: You know what? We are going to reject your business, journalistic, humanitarian, cultural, education exceptions. The response we got was actually pretty clear cut. The response was, ``The administration supports this legislation.'' ``Thanks to all.''    My point is, there is no ambiguity in the intent and express language of the statutes. It seemed to me, at the time, that the administration was fully on-board with the rejection of these exceptions.    Then, finally, we got an email from the White House, after, saying: Does State have any additional edits? The response from the White House was: I have spoken to State. They don't request any additional edits. Don't request any changes at this time. As I said this morning, we are good with the text as drafted. In fact, reopening the bill would require us to look at it again.    In other words: Let's move forward with the bill. You know, the very day this bill was signed into law, Secretary Kerry was meeting with Iranian officials. Apparently, Iran didn't like the language that Congress had passed, that was going to the President's desk.    The very next day, the very next day while the ink was still drying on this President's signature, the Secretary of State sends a letter to the Iranian Foreign Affairs Minister, saying thanks for the constructive meeting yesterday. I want to get back to you in response to your inquiry about our amendments to our Visa Waiver Program.    Basically, he says in his letter, the administration has the authority to waive, and this will not prevent us in any way from meeting our commitments under the deal, the Iranian deal. We will implement them so as not to interfere with legitimate business interests of Iran.    I guess my question to you is: Isn't it clear, given the exchange that we have between the administration and the Congress and the clear language of the law, isn't it clear that these exceptions that are not in the law that were expressly rejected by the Congress?    Chairman McCaul. But my--wasn't--these exceptions, the humanitarian, journalistic--you know, I understand the arguments on the merits, but we debated that in the Congress, and we rejected those exceptions, business, humanitarian, journalist, cultural. Those are not in the law, are they?    Chairman McCaul. It seems to me that the Secretary of State is creating exceptions that were not--that are not in the law itself. In fact, he is redefining--in fact, he is rewriting the law that we wrote out of this committee.    Chairman McCaul. Yes, it seems to me, though, the time to object is prior to signing the bill into law, not after. I think that, in my view, the administration didn't like the response they were getting from the Congress, so they just said go ahead and pass it. We will sign the law and then we will just interpret it the way we want to, defying the will and express intent of this Congress.    Chairman McCaul. Well, I appreciate your opinion, but I don't think you can break the law on a case-by-case basis.    The fact is--and Mr. Commissioner, I just--were you consulted about this at all? Did they come to you and say, you know what we are going to, even though Congress explicitly rejected these exceptions, you know, we are going to put them--that is going to be our interpretation. Were you consulted?    Chairman McCaul. I mean, it seems to me that, you know, in our effort to put Iran first and the Iranian negotiation first and appease Iran, the State Department made a call overriding, basically, breaking the law that we passed, and then went to you and said, you know what? This is our interpretation. It is your job to implement it, and they put it on your lap. Is that a fair assessment?    Chairman McCaul. Well, this committee will be providing that oversight. We have requested documents from both of your departments, and I hope you will comply with that request. This committee does have subpoena power. We will be looking at the case-by-case analysis and make our judgment as to whether that is a National security issue.    But you have been in law enforcement, sir, for many, many years. Do you really believe that doing business in Iran rises to level of a National security interest?    Chairman McCaul. The Congress will be looking at this very carefully, as well. I gotta tell you, I am--this really defies the will and express intent of the law that we passed in the Congress. I am very--I am deeply disturbed by this, and this committee will be exercising its oversight authority very strongly on this.    We are not saying they can't come into the country. We are just saying they have to go through the extra, additional layer of security and apply for a visa. In my opinion, once again, the President has put the best interests of Iran over the security interests of the American People.    With that, I recognize the Ranking Member.    Chairman McCaul. Chair now recognizes the author of the Visa Waiver Program bill, Mrs. Miller.    Chairman McCaul. I would just add, if the ESTA program is better than the VISA process, why did we even pass the bill in the first place? The Chair recognizes Mr. Payne.    Chairman McCaul. The Chair recognizes Mr. Duncan.    Chairman McCaul. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman McCaul. Thus far, we have had no document production. I believe the deadline is this Friday.    Chairman McCaul. I was in those negotiations. It was pretty clear, the understanding between all the parties to the--in the negotiation.    With that, the Chair recognizes Ms. Jackson Lee.    Chairman McCaul. The Chair recognizes Mr. Loudermilk.    Chairman McCaul. The Chair recognizes Mr. Richmond.    Chairman McCaul. I thank the gentleman.    Now, the Chair recognizes Mr. Ratcliffe.    Chairman McCaul. Chair recognizes Mr. Walker.    Well, okay. On my list--I am sorry. Mr. Carter.    Chairman McCaul. In response, the Secretary will be here fairly soon, in a budget hearing, and I am sure this issue will come up at that time. We did request a higher-level political appointee.    In response, not to diminish your testimony, Ms. Johnson, but I think you were, sort-of, thrown under the bus, to be honest with you, on this.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Walker.    Chairman McCaul. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mr. Katko.    Chairman McCaul. You want to sit in the chair?    Chairman McCaul. Okay. Just, in closing, first I want to thank the two of you for being here today. But I just want--you know, having chaired the committee before the bill was marked up, having been intimately involved in the discussions between the Congress and the White House and State Department and the Department of Homeland Security, you know, in my judgment, you have taken exceptions that were rejected by Congress and just approved them on your own authority under this waiver authority that was in the legislation.    It is very disturbing to us. We will continue our oversight authority on this on, as you say, a case-by-case basis, but we can--we also have legislative authority to fix this. In this legal memo--now, I know you said case-by-case, but you said additionally, as discussed in the legal paper, the National security waiver can be exercised by category, not just by individuals.    That doesn't sound like case-by-case basis to me. That sounds like a broad category, like what we have seen by Executive Order in immigration. Can you explain that?    Chairman McCaul. Well, and, Commissioner, if I can just say, in this memo, and this is your internal deliberations, legally, and I am an attorney, ``the law gives the Secretary of Homeland Security authority to waive this ineligibility, if the Secretary determines such a waiver is in the law enforcement or National security interests.''    ``As discussed, this is a lesser standard than that imposed by other statutes that require finding that a waiver is vital to, or essential to, the National security interests of the United States.''    Perhaps we didn't draft this per the administration's liking, but I would argue that there may be another option here, and that is to pass another law that had the language vital to or essential to the National security interests of the United States.    I know neither of you are attorneys, but would that close the loophole on these exceptions, if we did that?    Chairman McCaul. And I have discussed this----    Chairman McCaul. I have discussed this with the Secretary, and, you know, he is a--I know the pressure he is under. I think this is a State Department call and Homeland was put in a difficult position. That is my assessment.    In my judgement, just in my final closing remarks, I believe that we, in this case, as always in the State Department, with this foreign policy, have put the Iran deal over the National security interests of the American people.    With that, I do want to thank the witnesses for being here. Members of the committee may have some additional questions that we will ask you to respond in writing. Pursuant to the rules, it will be held open for 10 days. Without objection, the committee stands adjourned.