    Mr. Koon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Bryan Koon, and I am the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management. I am here on behalf of the National Emergency Management Association, which represents the State emergency management directors of the 50 States, territories, and the District of Columbia.    As the frequency, intensity, and variability of disasters increase, it is imperative to reduce risk wherever possible. This will ensure that our scarce personnel and financial resources are focused on life safety, and those aspects of the built environment where the risk cannot be reduced.    NEMA believes the following. Meaningful cost reduction should impact all levels of Government and the private sector, and not simply shift the cost between stakeholders. The Government practice of spending more money on disaster recovery than risk reduction must be changed. Hazard mitigation is a cost-effective effort with a documented return on investment. Mitigation reduces response costs and speeds recovery. Integrating mitigation meaningfully into recovery can be the catalyst for a communitywide focus on preparedness in the future.    Mitigation and resilience activities by State, local, and tribal governments should be recognized and incentivized by the Federal Government. In the long term, cost savings will be realized at all levels.    Much of the legal authority and responsibility for risk reduction decisions and activities resides at the local level, such as adoption and enforcement of building codes, zoning, and land use decisions. Local and tribal governments are critical partners in creating and sustaining disaster-resilient communities, and must be engaged in this conversation.    All stakeholders must utilize the best available science and predictive analysis tools to illustrate data-driven result on investment calculations. This can only be done when data is made available to all stakeholders, and when calculations are not done in a vacuum. We must leverage data to support our risk reduction priorities.    At the urging of Congress, FEMA has undertaken various efforts over the last decades to reduce cost and streamline operations. Reengineering of the Public Assistance Program is an excellent example of FEMA working to improve and maximize existing programs. While it is still too early to determine the effectiveness of the change, we are pleased with the effort, and urge that similar reforms be considered in other Federal programs.    Investment into the Emergency Management Assistance Compact, or EMAC, leverages Federal grant dollars that have already been invested in State and local emergency management programs. We must encourage greater investments, as States work with one another to reduce the need for Federal assistance, Federal administrative costs, property damage, and, most importantly, save lives.    In January, FEMA proposed a concept to create a State deductible for federally declared disasters. While there was no consensus opinion among the States, many expressed these common beliefs about any new proposal: the concept should drive real reduction in costs at all levels, and not merely a shift in costs; an appropriate amount of time must be given to ensure successful implementation, including internal education for FEMA, and training and guidance for States; States must also be given adequate time to ensure that any budgeting requirements are understood and acted upon by State legislatures; the proposal should utilize the opportunity to decrease administrative burden and associated costs; and the deductible cannot result in delayed assistance to those in need.    Regardless of what happens with the disaster deductible or any other current initiative, real progress will be achieved when all critical stakeholders are engaged. I would like to wrap up with a few thoughts on where we go next.    The Federal Government should continue to offer incentive programs that allow States to pursue innovative ways to strengthen their communities. We recommend FEMA and other agencies continually evaluate these programs to better understand the things that deter or prevent communities from fully leveraging these opportunities.    NEMA also recommends that a study to determine the true cost of disasters be conducted that captures not only those direct financial costs borne by FEMA, but also those costs, both direct and indirect, that are paid by other Federal agencies, State, local, and tribal governments, and the private sector.    Position FEMA as a partner in developing a more resilient Nation. FEMA's focus must transcend response and the agency must make advancements in all phases of the disaster cycle. Mitigation and long-term recovery are societal investments, not a cost.    Many of the functions that FEMA fulfills during a disaster could be done in a more cost-effective manner by using personnel deployed from tribal, State, or local government through EMAC. Invest in the infrastructure necessary to achieve this goal.    In addition to improving currently existing Federal programs, FEMA and others should recognize outstanding efforts done by State and local entities and encourage their adoption, nationwide. While many stakeholders approach the issue of increasing disaster costs differently, we all have a common goal. As Government officials, private-sector business leaders, and community members, we all have a role to play in reducing the cost and impact of disasters.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify before you today and stand ready to answer any questions the committee may have.    Mr. Koon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I concur with both Mr. Nimmich and Mr. Nelson.    I would also add I believe that, over time, there has been a better understanding and better utilization of the funding that is available to communities after those types of disasters. And so perhaps we are fully recognizing all of the ways that we can use those Federal, State, and local dollars to help the community recover.    I believe there is also probably an additional cost on the administrative oversight of those programs, and the program requirements to effect the recovery and subsequent mitigation. Those recovery programs can often stretch into the decades for some of our larger disasters. And so the administrative costs associated with those also add to those higher costs.    Mr. Koon. Thank you, Ranking Member Carson. I believe that continued implementation of some of the procedures that were highlighted in the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act in ways that will help us expedite funding to the locals could result in cost savings and improved recovery, as we move forward.    We are eager to continue to work with FEMA on this PA reengineering process, to make sure that they are as customer-centric as possible in this situation, so that we can help, again, get those communities back up on their feet as quickly as possible, at a minimal cost to the Federal Government.    With regards to the question you asked Mr. Mickey earlier, with regard to incentives, if I may, we have done a very good job on providing incentives for programs. You mentioned the enhanced mitigation program, there are incentives offered through the National Flood Insurance Program, Community Rating System, there are incentives offered through the Sandy Recovery Improvement Act for debris removal. None of those, I believe, have fully met what they intended to do.    And so, continual reevaluation of those incentive programs to determine why they are not being taken up at the level we anticipate would be necessary, and then go back and improve the processes by which we implement those programs, would help them meet the maximum good they were designed to--intended to effect.    Mr. Koon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The--as a director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management, I have the luxury of a fairly large staff and adequate funding. And so, every time there are new programs out there, every time there are new incentives, I have personnel whom I can assign to that to make sure that we take full advantage of that program.    However, a good number of States do not share that luxury, and a good number of the counties across the country do not have that same luxury. So every time a new program is put into place, they have to determine how they can help meet the needs of that program, because they are using current staffing, current year budgeting and the potential for a payoff down the road.    So I think a few things would assist in this effort. What would be--as Mr. Graves suggested, consider clarifying, consider consolidating, consider streamlining existing programs today, rather than creating just additional new programs, which would enhance the administrative burden on already overworked officials at the State and local level.    I think a better data analysis of the true costs of disasters and how they impact all levels will help us calculate the true return on investment for our participation in these programs, and help us make those decisions.    And finally, moving the mitigation cycle, moving the mitigation program forward, and so that it is not something we start thinking about on day one of the recovery, it is something that is done ahead of the disasters, so that if the funding comes along with that disaster, we are ready on day one with actionable mitigation plans to help--implementing those programs, and we don't rebuild exactly as we were before.    Mr. Koon. Ranking Member Carson, the question you asked is a question that many of the folks asked as they were responding to the proposed deductible concept from FEMA, which is how do we capture all of those costs? What is the methodology? What is going to apply in that situation? Is it you go out and remove a tree that just fell in the road overnight, or do you--is there a certain threshold at which you start measuring those dollars? We still are having those kind of conversations to figure out exactly what costs do we need to capture.    But I do agree that it is very important that we do so because, again, that helps feed the return on investment calculations that we need to do in this situation.    The flip side of what I offered earlier--and the fact that I have a fairly large agency and a fairly adequate budget, is that the threshold for Florida to receive a Presidential declaration is also fairly high. And so, we can have a $10 million or $20 million or even a $25 million disaster in the State of Florida that will not be eligible for a Federal declaration. So every year the State of Florida spends hundreds of millions of dollars internally at the State and local level to help us recover from those situations.    So I concur that we should develop methodology by which we can all operate off the same sheet of music when understanding what these costs are.    Mr. Koon. Thank you for the question, Congressman. And I think, actually, the debt is closer to $23 billion on the National Flood Insurance Program.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you.    Mr. Koon. I think they would like to get to $17 billion.    The answer--my opinion is that there needs to be more comprehensive reform of the National Flood Insurance Program. And I would urge this committee to become engaged with that conversation next year, when it is up for reauthorization, to work with the Committee on Financial Services on that, because there is lots of components of the National Flood Insurance Program that I think directly relate to the conversation we are having here today with regards to mitigation activities that can take place across the country.    One of the things that I express quite frequently in the State of Florida--and did so just yesterday before the Governor's Hurricane Conference general session--as a result of some of the actions during Biggert-Waters of 2012, we have seen a significant reduction in the number of flood insurance policies across the country, and specifically in the State of Florida. The State of Florida has lost over 10 percent of the flood insurance policies. We have gone from just north of 2 million flood insurance policies in the State to about 1.8 million.    What that means is those citizens, the next time they have a disaster, next time they have a flood in their community, they are not going to be able to recover like they would have, had they had flood insurance, and there will be additional costs imposed upon the Federal Government because they may now be eligible for assistance from FEMA. They may be eligible for assistance from the State, et cetera. So those costs are going to be borne by the individuals, those costs are going to be borne by Government.    So a comprehensive analysis and reform of the National Flood Insurance Program, I believe, is completely appropriate at this point.    Florida, last year in the legislative cycle, did do some things to reduce some of the regulatory burdens on private flood insurance in the State of Florida. And so now there are private insurers offering flood insurance policies in the State. It is very nascent at this point. There is probably 2,000 to 3,000 private flood insurance policies in the State, but it is a start.    I do share your concern about some of the cherry-picking aspects, and I am not an insurance expert, and I will defer to Mr. Nelson on that, but we have had a similar situation in the State of Florida with the Citizens Insurance Company and the wind-borne insurance. They have depopulated a large segment of their policies to the private market, and still remained financial feasible. So I believe Mr. Nelson may be able to elaborate on that a little bit.    But I believe, again, comprehensive reform of the National Flood Insurance Program is absolutely appropriate at this point, and can tie in some of the mitigation activities that we have discussed thus far.