    Mr. Larkin. Mr. Chairman, Ranking----    Mr. Larkin. My mistake. Sorry.    Mr. Larkin. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, it seems to be common ground that if these checks that were due to the United States were actually deposited in the Treasury, the Justice Department would lack any authority to require that they then be turned over to anyone else. Not only would they not have possession of the check, the law--that is, the Constitution as well as the Anti-Deficiency Act and the Miscellaneous Receipts Act--would prohibit the Department of Justice from handing out this money.    So the only dispute is whether the Justice Department can engage in the same result simply by directing the bank to do it. In other words, once the Department has deposited the check, they could not give the money to these groups. So instead, what the Department has done is tell the bank do not give me the check. Give the check to these private parties.    Now, if you want to understand this, flip the facts around. Suppose this were a settlement and the Department was paying the banks. The lawyer, who is handling the case for the banks, could not tell the Department do not write all of the checks to me. Write some of the checks to a charity of my choosing or a charity of your choosing. The lawyer for a client cannot give away the money that belongs to the client, and in this case, the Department represents the United States, and they are not allowed to give away money that belongs to the United States unless there is express statutory authority to do it, and there is none here.    What aggravates this problem even more is that you have these sorts of settlements gradually coming into wider and wider use ever since the Anderson case was resolved with everyone being a loser. Why is that a problem? Because oftentimes there is no judicial involvement whatsoever. These agreements often are a means of disposing not of charges or a lawsuit that has already filed. They are a means often of disposing of charges or a lawsuit before any are filed. So there is no judicial involvement whatsoever. You have an agreement entirely between the lawyers for the United States and the lawyers for other parties. And in this agreement they are trying to engage in what is for all intents and purposes a sham transaction to avoid depositing all of the money that is due to the taxpayers of the United States into the account that the Treasury maintains, that Congress thereafter can decide how it will be spent.    After all, Article 1 says that no appropriations can be made--or excuse me--no money can be taken from the Treasury except pursuant to an appropriation. It is designed to prevent the President from using the Treasury as if it were his own personal account. Only Congress can authorize him to spend that money. When the money then comes into the government, the Miscellaneous Receipts Act requires that it be deposited into the Treasury with a few exceptions, none of which are applicable to housing cases or the ones we have here.    Once the money is then deposited, it is up to the elected members to decide how to spend it. If they want to give it to these organizations, that is perfectly proper. When I worked for Senator Hatch, the Judiciary Committee worked on legislation to authorize money to be given to the Boys and Girls Clubs. Why? Because the Committee thought that would advance the welfare of the Nation, but only if the Committee had authorized it and then the appropriators had appropriated the money could that be done.    And it does not matter whether this is done in a Democratic or Republican Administration. As my paper and the paper by the Chamber of Commerce point out, Republicans have done this before, and when they did, they were just as wrong. And it does not matter that the money goes to an organization that may be a valuable mechanism for disposing of funds. It does not matter if it goes to Catholic Charities. It does not matter if it goes to any Christian organization. It does not matter if it goes to any organization whatsoever. If it is an organization that is not authorized by Congress to receive the money, the expenditure is impermissible.    The same ethics rules should apply to government lawyers in this context that would apply to private parties. They act on behalf of the United States. In so doing, they are not allowed to make their own decisions. And by the way, if you want to find out who made this decision, I would start by looking at the two agreements because if you look at the two agreements, what you will see is that they were signed for the United States by Tony West, the Associate Attorney General, who is the number three person in the Department.    So in all likelihood, he knew what these provisions were. And given the size of this, unless he was irresponsible, he also brought that to the attention of his superiors in the Department. You do not enter into an agreement like this without telling your boss what you are about to do.    I am glad to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Larkin. You can only give out--my apology. You can only give out money in restitution if there is a statute that authorizes you to give out money in restitution. If the Department is working in a criminal case where there is statutory authority to see that victims of crime receive some type of financial compensation, and the Department does it best to make sure that victims get that compensation, the Department is acting within the law.    But if the Department is owed a check by a private party, the law requires that that check be deposited into the Federal Treasury, and if there is no statute that allows them to negotiate a restitution agreement or any type of agreement with a civil defendant or a criminal defendant, the Department cannot do that.    Mr. Larkin. It may be accurate, but it is utterly immaterial. I say ``may'' because I do not have all of the agreements here. But I do know if you looked at Title 18, Section 2, you will see that it addresses this problem. It defines principals under the criminal law. If a particular individual takes an act himself, he or she is a principal, and if it is a crime, that person is responsible. If an individual forces somebody else to do the act rather than do it him or herself, the first person is still responsible.    You cannot evade responsibility by getting somebody else to do your work for you. If you force somebody else to do it, you are responsible, and that is what is happening here. The Department is just telling private lawyers and private parties not to give all the money to the United States. They are telling them to give some of it to parties who Congress has not authorized to receive taxpayer funds. And it does not matter who that is. I do not care. No one is allowed to receive it unless Congress has authorized it.    Mr. Larkin. Sir, I think if you look you will see I did not say that. I quoted Investor's Business Daily as saying that. I did not say that. Investor's Business Daily made that statement, and I just quoted from what they said in my piece. And the problem there is even if it is not true that there is anything with ACORN, even if it is not true there is anything wrong with any of these organizations, they raise the appearance of impropriety. And Congress should be concerned about the appearance of impropriety as well as the fact of impropriety.    And it does not matter whether it is a Republican or Democratic Administration. No Administration should be free to give out money that the Congress has not authorized someone to receive.