    Mr. McClintock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thought Mr. Pascrell made the best point of the day in defense of the free market when he said, ``I have got money in that bank. I am going to take it out.'' I mean, is that not the ultimate consumer protection? The ability to say, ``No, your prices are too high. No, your service is not adequate. No, I will take my business down the street to somebody who can provide me a better service at a lower cost.''    Is that not how we punish bad actors in a free market? And is that not the ultimate punishment that they go out of business? And we reward good actors by giving them our business. Now, Dr. Smith, your patients choose you. They do not have to go to you for services, correct?    Mr. McClintock. Why do they choose you?    Mr. McClintock. So, better service at a lower price they come to you. Is that not a good thing?    Mr. McClintock. Will and Ariel Durant in their history of civilization asked the question, ``What makes Ford a good car?'' Chevrolet. Competition. The fact that there is somebody down the street doing the same thing and is competing for people's free choice for where to go. But, I saw that the Kaiser Foundation has just estimated that in some 30 percent of American counties, people will have no choice over their Obamacare policy.    They have to choose only one plan. That is not a choice at all. In 60 percent of markets they will have a choice between two plans and that is all. That is not much of a choice at all and I wonder what will happen to quality if people cannot move their business from people who are doing lousy service to people who are doing good service.    Mr. McClintock. Now, the price you cited to Mr. McDermott was around $5,000 for a procedure. His question is, ``Well, what if you cannot afford that?'' I am wondering what is the difference between paying you $5,000 for the procedure and having Obamacare policy with a $5,000 deductible? Aren't I out of pocket $5,000 in either case?    Mr. McClintock. And would it not also make more sense to put health care back within the financial reach of Americans? I mean, we give these huge tax breaks to companies so they will go out and make a choice for their employees that their employees are stuck with. Their employees lose if they lose their jobs. Why do we not give those same tax breaks to the employees themselves so they can afford to go out and make their own choices for the best services at the lowest price? Does that make more sense to you?    Mr. McClintock. I want to go to Dr. Lindsay for a second. The two areas when the government has been helping people the most has been helping them to afford their health care and helping them to afford and education. And it strikes me those are the two areas of the economy where prices are growing much faster than inflation.    Last time I checked, health care was growing at twice the rate of inflation. Tuition is growing at four times the rate of inflation. And from your testimony, I seem to take from this the fact that as we throw more money into the system the universities accept that by raising their tuitions.    And the more they raise their tuitions, the more we have to help students try to afford those tuitions by doubling Pell Grants, by dangling all you can borrow loans in front of students. And the more we do that the higher the tuitions go and we are in a negative feedback loop.    Mr. McClintock. What is the biggest cost driver in education?    Mr. McClintock. Those student loans, and I think I have the distinction of having one of the highest parent plus loan balances in the entire Congress. This is a cause near and dear to me. Does this not make it virtually impossible for students to qualify for consumer loans or for mortgages? Is that why we are seeing young people start families later? No longer able to afford to buy. They are now renting. And consumer spending being extremely sluggish because they cannot qualify for consumer loans in an economy where two thirds of economic growth depends upon it.    Mr. McClintock. One with which I agree.    Mr. McClintock. The answer was exactly.