    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    I am pleased that the subcommittee is returning to the important issue of drinking water safety. We started this Congress by examining some emerging drinking water threats including toxic blue green algae and the legislation this subcommittee passed on harmful algal blooms is now taking effect and it has set us on a path to address that serious threat.    We also held a hearing back in February on problems facing rural water systems. As we heard then, these systems are facing serious threats from outdated infrastructure, lack of funding and extreme weather.    We in Congress have continued to underfund infrastructure improvements and have continued to undermine efforts to address climate change. So we should expect these problems to get worse before they get better.    Resources are central to any conversation about safe drinking water. Much of our Nation's drinking water infrastructure is well beyond its useful life and in desperate need of replacement. Investing in drinking water infrastructure protects public health, creates jobs and boosts the economy.    It is imperative that this subcommittee take on the important task of reauthorizing the drinking water State revolving fund. The longer we put off drinking water repairs, the more pressing the public health threats become.    But the subcommittee is not tackling that important task today. Instead, the majority is focused on a small pot of money set aside for technical assistance for small public water systems.    This money, distributed through grantees including the National Rural Water Association and the Rural Community Assistance Partnership, has been important for small systems though it does not begin to close the infrastructure funding gap that they face.    Both NRWA and RCAP will be represented on the panel today and I look forward to hearing from them about how this program can be implemented to the greatest benefit for small systems and public health.    I expect the committee and probably the House will move this legislation. It will be signed by the president. That is a good step and I welcome it. But it is not the whole solution for small systems or for our drinking water infrastructure.    Small systems serve only 8 percent of the population. We should absolutely do what is necessary to ensure they have safe water.    But we should also protect the other 92 percent and that means reauthorizing the SRF, ensuring that fracking is done safely, ensuring source water protection, addressing drought and planning for climate change.    I liked the algae bill we worked on earlier this year. This bill shows that we can come together to pass laws and address drinking water issues.    So I hope my Republican colleagues will see this only as the beginning and I thank the chairman for calling this hearing.    I particularly thank the ranking member of our subcommittee, Mr. Tonko, for his leadership on drinking water issues.    I don't know if anybody else wants my time. If not, I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As I said before, the bill before us is a small step forward on drinking water issues by reauthorizing technical assistance for small drinking water systems and I appreciate our ranking member and chairman who are working on this issue.    But I think it is unfortunate that we are considering the Senate language instead of similar language authored by Mr. Tonko to reauthorize this program because some of the terms in the Senate bill are unclear.    Hopefully, we can use this time to build the legislative history on this bill and clarify the legislation.    For example, in Section 4 paragraph 8 of S. 611, EPA is instructed to give priority to nonprofit organizations that are the most experienced. Similar language in Mr. Tonko's legislation would have given priority to the most effective organization. I think these terms are intended to be synonymous and we all agree that the money should go to the most effective organizations.    Mr. Mayfield, I wanted to ask you would you say that the NRWA is effective because of its extensive experience?    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    Mr. Stewart, do you agree that RCAP's experience in this area helps your organization be effective?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thanks.    I am mostly concerned that the bill could be interpreted as requiring EPA to conduct surveys in each of the States and territories to measure support for different nonprofit that might receive funds, and this would consume time and resources with little benefit.    So Mr. Stewart, do you believe that EPA should be required to survey water systems in each State to determine which organizations provide the most beneficial services?    Mr. Pallone. Do you agree, Mr. Mayfield?    Mr. Pallone. All right.    And the last thing I wanted to ask you is I am concerned that neither the existing statute nor the bill before us lists specific areas of technical assistance that would qualify for this funding.    Can you--I will ask both of you--give the subcommittee a sense of the range of activities that you carry out with this funding? Each of you, if you would.    Mr. Pallone. Mr. Mayfield.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.