    Mr. Wittman. I call to order the Subcommittee on Readiness. I want to welcome everyone this morning, but first I want to thank Rear Admiral Mark R. Whitney, Deputy Commander, Logistics, Maintenance and Industrial Operations, Naval Sea Systems Command . Thank you for being with us today.    The Navy's four public shipyards, Norfolk Naval Shipyard in Virginia, Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard in Hawaii, Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Maine, and Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in Washington, face a number of challenges in completing ship maintenance on time and within budget.    Wartime requirements, as we know, over the past decade have worsened the condition of our fleet, causing ships to require more maintenance than expected upon arrival at the shipyard.    A few weeks ago, we received testimony about the Navy's Optimized Fleet Response Plan , which, among other things, seeks to provide a more sustainable force generation model and more predictability for ship maintenance.    Today I look forward to hearing about the shipyards' role in meeting the Navy's operational requirements and how they are responding to the maintenance and repair challenges that recent operations have put upon the fleet.    Now I turn to the ranking member, Ms. Bordallo, for any opening remarks she may have. And again, we thank her for her leadership in HASC and here in the subcommittee.    Madeleine.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Ms. Bordallo.    Admiral Whitney, we now go to you for an opening statement.    Mr. Wittman. Admiral Whitney, thank you. I am going to come to my questions as other members have had their chances. We have a few members that have to leave a little bit earlier, so I will go now to Ms. Bordallo.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Ms. Bordallo.    Dr. Wenstrup, any questions, please?    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Dr. Wenstrup.    We will now go to Mr. Peters.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Peters.    Mrs. Hartzler.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mrs. Hartzler.    Admiral, the Navy has come to this subcommittee before, and you briefed us about your efforts to hire back workers that were lost during earlier rounds of the sequester.    Can you give us an update on where you are in that process? Or are you moving your goals in hiring people back? And as you spoke of, you are trying to find that equilibrium to where we are not on that roller coaster ride of up and down on workforce changes within the public yards. Can you reflect a little bit on that for us?    Mr. Wittman. We know that you all play out the different scenarios that you face with funding. Obviously, we know the scenarios if sequester comes back.    But give us your perspective of where we are right now, operating under a CR through December 11th. And then, give us a scenario, too, if the Congress in its infinite wisdom decides to operate the remaining portion of this year under CR?    Can you give us those two scenarios, what it means for you operating under CR to December 11th, and what it would mean to you to operate for a CR for the remaining portion of the budget year?    Mr. Wittman. Thank you. You had reflected a little bit on trying to manage workloads. And we know there is, I think a lot of capacity, not only in our public yards but also in our private yards, in trying to make sure that we understand where those strengths are, so we can utilize those to keep off of the roller coaster ride of troughs and peaks with management of workload in both the public and private sector.    Can you give us a little reflection on what you are doing in looking at the total workforce management across both the private yards and public yards?    Mr. Wittman. Very good. I want to finish with one question, to play out a number of different scenarios.    As we talked about, the Navy has looked at how to understand the industrial base, the capacity there. But also things to better manage the workload.    And we have been through these periods before, where we hit some bumps in the road, and that uncertainty creates issues with our workforce.    Has the Navy thought of some of these scenarios? And I want to play a couple out.    One is, is bringing forward-deployed ships back to the United States to have work done here, for those maintenance availabilities that may exceed 6 months of longer-term work to be brought back stateside.    Using available congressionally approved appropriations to expedite the current cruiser modernization process to kind of, again, create some workload there, where you can manage those peaks and troughs.    Looking at implementing public-private partnerships in the long term, to do non-core work on our fleet. Also, you could outsource lower-priority work, such as the work on Los Angeles-class submarines, out to the private yards. Again, kind of manage that workload, that normally processes through our public yards.    And then looking at allocating all of your available appropriations, including your base and overseas contingency operation funds, or appropriations, to mitigate these workflow fluctuations that we have seen here recently.    Can you kind of give me your perspective on some of those, those scenarios, as how you would see those as a part of your management process?    Mr. Wittman. That would be great. If you could take those scenarios for the record so we can just play those out. And in closing this, I would also like to have from you, for the record, if there are things that the Navy needs administratively, or statutorily from Congress to facilitate greater flexibility in helping you in managing the workload, but also managing workforce in both the public and private side, we would like to know that, too, because there may be some things that we can do in next year's NDAA to help facilitate what you can do to better manage that workload and workforce.    Mr. Wittman. Very good. Now go to Mr. Courtney.    Mr. Wittman. Very good. Thank you, Mr. Courtney.    Ms. Bordallo.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Ms. Bordallo.    Mrs. Hartzler, do you have any more questions? Any members have any additional questions?    All right. Admiral Whitney, thank you, thank you so much. We appreciate that. We have given you a few questions for the record, too--for the record, so we can clarify in our minds some things that are going on. Please let us know, too, if there is anything that we can do specifically to give you the necessary flexibility in managing both workload and workforce.    So we look forward to working with you to make sure we enable you to make sure our ships get in and get maintained so they can get back to sea with our great sailors on board, and do the great job for our Nation and make sure that our sailors and their families are happy with their deployments.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you.