    Ms. Davis. Thank you, Congressman.    Ms. Davis. Thank you so much for allowing me to come and address this issue, which is at the core of the reason for why the National Black Pro-Life Coalition exists. There are some in America today who want us to ignore the motives of organizations that have been targeting women of color, but we cannot. Race became an issue in the reproductive healthcare debate with the introduction of Margaret Sanger and Clarence Gamble's Negro Project in 1939 that sought to bring about a major birthrate reduction among American Negroes.    The Planned Parenthood Federation of America has never renounced this project, and we believe it is in operation today. In fact, Alan Guttmacher, the president of Planned Parenthood from 1962 to 1974 was a eugenicist. And, for a time, his presidency at Planned Parenthood overlapped his vice-presidency at the American Eugenics Society that championed racial betterment, eugenic health, and genetic education.    It was with this ideology that he guided the organization into the era of abortion on demand. In the Roe v. Wade decision, Mr. Justice Blackman said, ``In addition, population growth, pollution, poverty, and racial overtones tend to complicate and not to simplify the problem.'' Without explanation for why the court felt it important to mention this in the opinion, it was this statement that introduced race and population control into abortion practices.    Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's 2009 New York Times magazine interview seemed to confirm race was an issue, when she said, ``She had thought that at the time Roe v. Wade was decided there was concern about population growth and particularly growth in populations we do not want too many of.''    No one doubted that the population they did not want too many of were the Negroes in Planned Parenthood's Negro Project. The march toward controlling the Black birth rate through abortion has accelerated, and larger and larger surgical abortion facilities are being erected in densely populated Black and Latino neighborhoods. A 2012 study completed by Protecting Black Life of Cincinnati, Ohio revealed that more than 79 percent of Planned Parenthood's surgical centers are located within a two-mile walking radius of a Black or Latino neighborhood.    In their 2008/2009 tax filing, Planned Parenthood acknowledged their mission is to achieve a United States population of stable size. One example of the tools that they use to achieve that goal is found in the certificate of public need submitted to the Virginia Department of Health in 2012. Planned Parenthood of Virginia Beach cited Black infant and maternal mortality rates to justify the construction of a third surgical room where they could terminate up to 1,800 babies each year.    In hearings for a PRENDA-like bill in Georgia in 2010, a young White female testified that she had gotten pregnant at age 14 by a Black male. Her mother forced her to abort the child, stating that she could not bring that little Black so-and-so into her home. Despite telling every worker in the Augusta, Georgia Planned Parenthood, including the doctor, that she wanted her child they aborted her baby.    Margo Davidson, a Black Pennsylvania Democrat, was endorsed by Planned Parenthood in her 2010 race for the State House. Ms. Davidson's cousin, Semika Shaw, was 5 months pregnant, and she died after a botched abortion in Gosnell's center. When Davidson chose to vote to close the regulatory loophole, Planned Parenthood withdrew their support and fielded a candidate to run against her.    In 2012, an abortion doctor in Charlotte, North Carolina publically stated his motive for doing abortions was ``to keep ugly Black babies from being born, and a burden to taxpayers.''    We are asking that the Congress take action to provide relief through enacting PRENDA. Thank you so much.    Ms. Davis. There is no duplicity here. And, in all honesty, Congressman, I am, along with the National Black Pro-Life Coalition, working to end the targeting of the Black community. It is an all-out war. It truly is, because we are being targeted. And Planned Parenthood is behind that targeting. Here in Congress, in 2012, the Black Congressional Caucus, the women of the Black Congressional Caucus, and the Pro-Life Caucus hosted an event that was funded by the Ford Foundation, on whose board Cecile Richards, the president of Planned Parenthood, sits. And, in that forum, they were training people, the attendees, on how to get around the message that the billboards that went up in 2010 in Georgia, which I was a part of that initiative: how to get around that message.    And they gave them five particular points that included changing the conversation and challenging the pro-life community on why they are trying to make the disparities in health care worse. They told them to change the conversation and talk about access to health care, that Black women lack access to health care.    Well, number one, abortion is not health care. And abortion all across this country is maiming and wounding women, and actually killing them like Tonya Reaves who was killed in a Planned Parenthood at 18 South Michigan Avenue in Chicago, when they botched the abortion and left her laying there for more than 5 hours bleeding before they sought emergency help too little too late.    So, the racial component that PRENDA would provide would have allowed the family of Tonya Reaves, the dad of the baby, and grandparents to pursue Planned Parenthood who was operating their Negro Project when they killed Tonya's 5-month-old baby and Tonya.    Ms. Davis. I do, sir. I am deeply saddened sitting in this proceeding today. There is a quote that is attributed to Maya Angelou, and it says, ``When someone tells you who they are, believe them.'' Planned Parenthood has made very plain that they are operating a Negro Project in this country that is targeting Black women to lure them into their abortion centers in order to control the Black birth rate. This bill is not an attack on the woman. It is an opportunity to hold organizations like Planned Parenthood accountable for targeting children based on the color of their skin, and hold all of the abortionists accountable for targeting children based on their gender.    To hear the information being twisted as if this bill is somehow attacking a woman and denying her the right to self-determine her reproductive life is just a travesty. And I pray that this Committee and the Congress would take the--why does abortion get an exception that no other business, no other industry gets? If any other industry showed the kind of data that we can find very clearly documented on what Planned Parenthood is doing, Black people, White people, would be up in arms to shut them down.    Abortion should not be given a pass to target a woman based on the color of their skin as Planned Parenthood has told us they are doing. They told us that in the testimony on them selling body parts that they are reaching women of color. And it is a travesty that anyone elected to office would allow that kind of open discrimination against a group of people in this country to happen.    And I pray that before we end up where we were when John Lewis got clocked on the head on the Pettus Bridge, and those four babies were killed in Birmingham, and Emmitt Till was tortured to death because of the color of his skin, that we would stop this travesty and stop Planned Parenthood from being able to target women of color. Thank you, sir.