    Mr. BUCHANAN. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to congratulate you on your new chairmanship and your first meeting. And I would also like to thank our witnesses.    I represent southwest Florida, and I happen to be the only Member, Democrat or Republican, in Florida. But in our district we have 205,000 recipients of Medicare, probably one of the top 2 or 3 in the country. And of course, Florida is number two in the country for Medicare recipients.    I am concerned about the bigger picture, just looking at it as a guy that has been in business for a lot of years. I am pretty good with numbers. It is a critical program. You see it, of course, not just in Florida, but all the way across the country in so many different aspects. Where do you get quality health care at 65? If you had to buy it at 63 in my area it is $2,000 a month. So it is very, very critical.    But I am concerned--and I would also mention my mother-in-law is in town, she is 96. She had sisters who lived to 102 and 104. And one of the gentlemen mentioned, 10 to 12,000 people a day turning 65 for the next 30 years.    Read some of my notes, the different notes that you read, but the average person puts in a dollar and takes out 3 to 4 dollars in benefits. When you have the alarm, in terms of the growth, and then you look at the different estimates, in terms of being insolvent in the next 8 to 10 years, our deficit at 19 trillion--it has more than doubled, there is plenty of blame to go around. The last 8 or 10 years it has gone from 8 to 9 trillion to 19 trillion.    So, when you take a look at this, there has to be some kind of a structural change or something at some point on a bipartisan level. Otherwise, we are kidding ourself . I mean we could look around the edges and do a few things here and there, but we have to do something material.    And one thing I can just tell you. Healthcare costs in general--maybe it has been a little bit better in Medicare for certain reasons, just keep going up. Health care in my community, unless you get a subsidy, is going up 20 or 30 percent a year. It is one of the biggest issues, I think, for small business or anybody that is under 65 trying to get health care without a subsidy.    So I guess my question is, based on what I mentioned that when you look at $19 trillion in debt, the normal cost of money over the years is 4 to 5 percent. That is as much as $1 trillion in interest at some point. And they are claiming in the next 3 or 4 years, if interest rates go up to where they have historically been, we are looking at that. So it puts more pressure in terms of Medicare.    So, getting back, Mr. Moffit, maybe to your point initially, you talked about structural changes. Looking at the big picture, what do you think are two or three things going forward that could make a huge difference? Maybe you could lean on those, or talk about those for a minute.    Mr. BUCHANAN. Do you agree with what I mentioned? Do you agree with my points?    Mr. BUCHANAN. But what is your recommended structural change----    Mr. BUCHANAN. You touched on it, but go through that again, real quick.    Mr. BUCHANAN. And your third point is what?    Mr. BUCHANAN. Thank you. I will have to yield back.