    Ms. Glaser. Thank you, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman and distinguished members of the committee. I too would like to offer my thoughts and prayers to the people of Taiwan as they recover from this earthquake.    The United States has a deep and abiding interest in the preservation of Taiwan's security and democracy. The Taiwan Relations Act remains an important touchstone for Congress, for policy makers and the executive branch and to ensure Taiwan's security the U.S. Government must actively seek to use all the tools of U.S. policy and implement not only the letter but also the spirit and the intentions behind the TRA.    I have been asked to address my remarks to Taiwan's security and the threats to Taiwan's security are numerous and they are growing.    Efforts to sustain the island's economic prosperity which is a critically important component of national security are facing challenges.    Taiwan is largely excluded from the Asia Pacific regional economic integration process. The U.S. can and should do more to advocate for Taiwan's increased participation in international organizations and especially those that would enhance the safety and welfare of Taiwan's citizens and I commend Chairman Salmon for introducing the legislation that urges the Obama administration to support Taiwan's efforts to obtain observer status in Interpol from which it was expelled in 1984.    Without question the greatest and most direct threat to Taiwan's security is, of course, posed by the Chinese military. U.S. security assistance including but not limited to arms sales to Taiwan is vital to deter China from coercing or attacking Taiwan and to enable Taiwan's armed forces to fight effectively in all possible contingencies.    Cooperation with China reviewing presents important opportunities for the United States, for example, to reverse global warming and prevent nuclear proliferation, and the U.S., of course, should seek to work with Beijing to address regional and global challenges where possible.    However, it is harmful to American interests to be so eager for Chinese cooperation that it appears willing to sacrifice Taiwan for better U.S.-China ties. Such an approach sends the wrong signal to Beijing.    It creates anxiety in Taiwan and it fosters doubt throughout the region about America's willingness to withstand Chinese pressure in support of its commitments.    The KMT defeat in the election Tsai Ing-wen created some uncertainty about the future of cross-Strait relations. The mainland insists that Tsai Ing-wen accept its definition of the existing political foundation, which is essentially opposition to Taiwan independence and support of the 1992 consensus.    Tsai Ing-wen has recently defined this existing political foundation differently. For her, it includes a historical fact of the 1992 talks, the prevailing Republic of China constitutional order, the accumulated outcome of more than 20 years of cross-Strait interaction and importantly democratic principles and the will of the Taiwanese people.    The U.S. Government can play a role, I believe, to help narrow the gap between mainland China and Taiwan by encouraging each side to provide assurances to the other to assuage their respective fears.    The U.S. should strongly discourage Beijing from using coercive measures to pressure Tsai and the DPP to concede to its demands.    Punitive actions by China could compel Tsai Ing-wen to respond and perhaps result in a negative spiral that could produce a cross-Strait setback and even a crisis.    Beijing appears to be deliberating how to respond to the DPP's return to power in Taiwan. I think the Xi Jinping has not yet made a decision. But if he adopts the more coercive and even aggressive approach to Taiwan, the U.S. response will be widely viewed as an indicator of the credibility of American commitments.    And not only Japan but also countries in Southeast Asia would be alarmed if Washington fails to provide to Taiwan in the face of Chinese coercion or aggression.    For more than two decades the U.S. has insisted the decisions about Taiwan's future must have the assent of the people of Taiwan in a democratic manner and public opinion polls show that a majority of the people of Taiwan yes, they favor talks with mainland China but dwindling numbers favor reunification. In 2015, a record low of 9.1 percent of respondents in Taiwan favoured unification either now or in the future.    And this polling data, combined with the outcome of the election, suggests that there could be a realignment of political forces and attitudes underway in Taiwan and it is imperative that the U.S. help Taiwan to preserve the autonomy that its people desire and ensure that the differences between Taipei and Beijing be managed peacefully.    Thank you.    Ms. Glaser. Well, I think that that's exactly the reason why the polls show that the people of Taiwan--very few of them actually support reunification as they observe Hong Kong, as they witness the crackdown on dissent and the squeezing of the ability of average people on the mainland just to access Internet, to conduct protests, to publish their views.    I think it's clear that people in Taiwan do not want to be part of the mainland and do not support one country, two systems.    Ms. Glaser. Thank you, Congressman Salmon.    I think those are very important questions. As to indicators, one of the early indicators we can look at is whether the mainland is restricting tourists that are travelling to Taiwan. There are already some signs of that. This could damage Taiwan's economy and the mainland, of course, claims some deniability. They say oh, maybe the people of mainland just don't want to go. But we know that this is in fact government control.    I particularly worry about the possibility of Beijing trying to steal away some of Taiwan's diplomatic allies. Taiwan now has 22 and there are some countries who have indicated a desire to shift their diplomatic allegiance.    So far Beijing has respected this tacit diplomatic truce. But I think that this could put pressure on President Tsai once she is inaugurated to respond in a negative way that could lead to that downward sort of negative spiral that I talked about.    As for the formal communications, I think that so far Beijing has not said publically that they are going to cut those off but privately there are some indications that the semi-official white glove organizations, SEF and ARATS on both sides of the Strait could be suspended and also the communications between the Taiwan affairs office and the mainland affairs council where they recently set up a hotline and those could also be suspended. I think any suspension of communication and dialogue channels would be a very negative sign.    Ms. Glaser. I would just make one quick comment and that is that the mainland China has a pretty robust toolbox to use to pressure Taiwan.    There's economic tools, there's preferences that they give to Taiwan businesses on the mainland, there's fish that they buy from southern Taiwan fisherman.    They can cut all of these. Only two countries have been really permitted, and I put that in quotation marks, to negotiate bilateral free trade averments with Taiwan.    That's Singapore and New Zealand, and there are other countries that had started informal talks, those who want to begin talks, and Beijing has basically shut that down.    They have diplomatic economic influence directly on Taiwan and then indirectly through other countries so--and then, of course, there's the whole toolbox of military coercion. So I think there's a lot to be concerned about.