    Mr. Gibson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to commend you and the Ranking Member for setting up these hearings. I appreciate the opportunity for oversight.    I apologize to everyone, including the panel, that I am just getting here and getting situation aware, but I do have a question. It actually follows up on Mr. Moolenaar.    Given where we are and where dairy has been, say, 24 months ago when that percentage was a little higher--it was about 17 percent, maybe 18 percent at the highest--but also given the fact that production is up, I am just very interested to know raw numbers, if you will, the poundage in terms of how much now is being exported, controlling for the overproduction. So I am curious on that.    Mr. Gibson. Well, thanks on that. Because, as I circulated in August, among the things I heard from my dairy producers, what came up, Russia came up in terms of some reactions that we took in relation to the ongoing international affairs, Russia, the aggressive action they took last year.    Our dairy producers are of the mind that our actions have hurt them. And I am just curious your reaction to that?    Mr. Gibson. I appreciate that, and I look forward to getting that figure whenever it is available. And I look forward to continuing to participate in this as it unfolds, but that is all I have for now, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. The Ranking Member has another 5 minutes.    Mr. Gibson. Well, thanks, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate the panelists being here today.    The first question I have, really a comment, we have in our district a major EWP project. NRCS, thank you very much for your help on that. This is in Schoharie County in upstate New York, and a $24 million investment. I want to thank you for that.    Our area was devastated by Hurricanes Irene, Lee, and to a degree, Sandy. And so clearly we need to take some proactive measures to help protect people and property, going forward. So I really want to express my gratitude that you agreed and were working this project.    I suspect you probably know we are having some challenges with the project. I am working as a broker in this to really get this done. You guys are rightfully ensuring that we are going to do this to the standard, and I appreciate that after 29 years in the military.    And from my local folks, they are feeling a little bit picked on from time to time. We are sorting through the details of that to make sure that they understand what the standards are with the ultimate goal of making sure this gets done. What I am just looking for today is just acknowledgment of how important this project is and that you are in, you are committed with us to getting this done.    Mr. Gibson. Well, I appreciate that, because rumor control, as I hear that every now and then. Some folks on the ground think that you are going to leave them, and I assure them that you are not; that you are insisting on standards--and again, I understand standards--but that you are committed to working together to make sure we get done to standard.    Mr. Gibson. And we understand that. And thank you for your assurances that we are committed to working together on that.    The second question I have has to do with the Forest Legacy Program. So I have a bill that looks explicitly at the management of easements for forest legacy with the move in the bill to allow for more local control for states to make the decision as to whether or not they want land conservancies to manage these easements. I am familiar with the history of this in the last 10, 15 years or so, and some reports that were rendered with regard to challenges.    From my research, it appears that we have learned from those challenges and that it may be to the benefit of all, that being those that support this program, those that benefit from this program, and the taxpayer, that a bill thusly designed should become law. I am curious to know if you know of it and what your thoughts are on these ideas?    Mr. Gibson. Well, I look forward to that. The analysis that I have and the testimonial I have received is that we can actually get more value out of this and allow this money to go further, and to really get a fuller benefit in there. So thank you for your interest in that, and I will work with my great Chairman on that one as well.    So Mr. Chairman, with that, I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Benishek, 5 minutes.    Mr. Gibson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the witnesses too. It is a very informative and helpful hearing. I just want to express my gratitude. These programs are essential to my district, and generally we are very pleased with your responsiveness and the way things are going, so thank you for that.    The broadband issue is one we have been involved with in my office--2011, an amendment on restoring funding for the low interest loan program involved in the farm bill with some of these reforms that Mr. Crawford was mentioning earlier. I appreciate your responsiveness to all this. And, really, I agree with your point that we have certainly learned from some earlier challenges and looking to perfect the program.    So my question really is that I was encouraged to see you have a report coming soon, the collaborative work that is being done between USDA and Commerce. This is one of the things that I have learned in my time. I was in the military until about 5\1/2\ years ago. And I have found that there have been times when I am having to perform a role like a liaison who used to be a chief of staff--when we had the storms Hurricanes Irene and Lee and Sandy and we were getting aid out--and there really wasn't a synchronizer, somebody who was integrating these programs.    So I was encouraged to see that you are collaborating with Congress because, candidly, this has been among my frustrations, is that out there in the 19th District in New York in upstate, we are working with the Rural Utilities Service--thank you very much for that--and also the Connect America Fund. And so I would like to hear more about that process, about how you are working together, because we seem to hit the end of one program and the possibilities of another.    And so I am looking for a little bit of inspiration that you guys are looking at that problem, too. I realize I put you in an uncomfortable position because you are sort of at the edge of your authority and at the beginning of somebody else's, but this is really where the real advantages or the real progress we can make when we actually integrate these programs better.    Mr. Gibson. Thank you. To put a finer point on this, so in our district, electrical co-ops are also in the space of broadband expansion doing yeoman's work on it. I call your program sort of like the ground game. We get 2 or 3 yards and a cloud of dust. And then we have the real possibility with the Connect America Fund, but the first round wouldn't let the electrical co-ops get access to that program.    It does seem encouraging now that we are getting a review of that and our co-ops are now going to get access to that. But that is really the question that I am raising here is, is somebody sort of looking at this from an integrator standpoint and saying, ``Look, there are a lot of efforts that are trying to expand broadband.'' In rural America, we have disparate but yet complementary programs. Is anybody working to maybe tie up some of the fine point details of these regulations so that we can get the maximum value out of it?    Mr. Gibson. Thank you. I will submit for the record really just an observation. Visiting my food banks, I was very encouraged to hear about Second Harvest. It is a great story.    I just wanted to share with you. In some of my visits, I have found cans of goods on the shelves, a lot of imported food from China. I don't know if you knew about that. We have food banks that have canned goods from China or not, but I wanted to share that with you. I don't know if you have a reporting element that picks up on that. But I am just a little concerned about that.    Thank you for your great work.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Rouzer, for 5 minutes.