    Mr. Keller. Chairman Poe, Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Keating, Ranking Member Langevin, distinguished members of the committees, thank you for the opportunity to speak here today about the State Department's counterterrorism finance efforts.    Counterterrorism finance is a top priority for the Department of State, and we have a wide variety of tools to disrupt terrorist financial networks. It is a complex and dynamic threat and one that requires the U.S. Government to utilize the full range of its resources and authorities.    My office at the State Department helps coordinate policy and liaise with our interagency partners, including the Departments of Treasury and Defense, to achieve our counterterrorism goals. We also work closely with the State Department's counterterrorism bureau and the Department of Treasury on counterterrorism finance sanctions to ensure that our sanctions promote broader U.S. foreign policy interests.    The fight against ISIL is one of the top national security priorities, and it is my principal counterterrorism focus. That is where I will focus my remarks today.    As you highlighted, Chairman Poe, ISIL's revenues in 2014 and 2015 made it the richest terrorist group in the world, yet as a result of U.S. and coalition efforts, ISIL's revenues are on a downward trajectory, which has impacted its operations in Iraq and Syria. I would like to provide two examples.    ISIL has cut salary payments to its fighters in Raqqa and Mosul by 50 percent, leaving many ISIL fighters to defect. And ISIL has increasingly resorted to arbitrary tax increases and outright theft to make up the funding gap, further undermining its claims to legitimacy.    While we are encouraged by these indications of financial stress, we are fully aware that there is still much work to do to further weaken ISIL on the financial front. Our most effective method of disrupting ISIL's revenues to date has been U.S. and coalition strikes against their oil and gas supply chain and cash storage sites. These efforts have reduced ISIL's oil revenues by up to one-third and destroyed tens and potentially hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of cash.    Kinetic efforts have complemented diplomatic efforts aimed at ISIL's finances. The U.S. Government helped establish and now coleads an international working group dedicated to counter ISIL finance, and we have negotiated multiple U.N. Security Council resolutions to increase financial pressure on ISIL. In particular, I would highlight Security Council Resolution 2199, which imposes obligations on all countries to take steps to combat ISIL financing, particularly in the areas of oil, antiquities, and kidnapping for ransom.    The Department of State also conducts bilateral diplomatic engagement with key countries in the Middle East and around the world. Our Embassies consistently engage foreign government officials on specific terrorism finance matters, promote counterterrorism finance tools more generally, and encourage implementation of domestic and international legal framework to combat terrorism.    In an effort to address the systemic gaps in the international system that terrorists and other criminals exploit to raise and transfer funds, the State Department also allocates significant funding to build the capacity of partner countries to counter terrorist financing. The Bureau of Counterterrorism is helping partner nations build their capacity to investigate and prosecute illicit financial transactions, while the State Department Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement funds programs to help countries identify how they can improve their antimoney laundering and counterterrorism finance regulations.    With regard to trafficking in antiquities, the Department of State has also led outreach to prominent antiquities dealers, auction houses, and museum administrators. We have offered up to $5 million worth of reward money for information leading to the disruption of ISIL's trafficking in antiquities through our Rewards for Justice program, and we have funded government and civil society training program to help protect antiquities in Iraq, Syria, and Libya.    Terrorism finance is a multifaceted and dynamic problem, and ISIL has proven to be a resilient foe. As our efforts targeting ISIL financing demonstrate, counterterrorism finance is a top property priority for our State Department and our interagency partners. We will continue to use every tool available to maintain the growing effectiveness of our economic campaign.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Keller. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    I would start off by saying we work closely with Turkey on a variety of fronts. They are a member of our Counter-ISIL Finance Working Group. Through recent high-level engagements, we now have a border security group that is working on border security and aviation.    We are pleased that they have come off the FATF gray list. I think that is a positive step. I think it is fair to say that they are not necessarily perfect; no country is. But we continue to work with them to try to encourage them to implement their laws and basically strengthen their efforts on counterterrorism and anti-money-laundering.    I think it is also important to recognize that Turkey itself has been victimized by ISIL terrorism. And so they have a strong incentive and are active in trying to eliminate ISIL facilitation networks in their country.    Mr. Keller. And I would invite any of the other panelists----    Mr. Keller. I think I would simply add to that that, whether I look to my right to Assistant Secretary Glaser or to my left to Assistant Secretary Whelan, I think the counter-ISIL effort is a very good example of the coordination that we do on a daily basis.    Our teams work together basically nonstop. The goal of the effort is to have a synchronized and sustained and aggressive campaign to counter ISIL's finances, using basically all available national resources, whether they are coming on the kinetic side through DOD and CENTCOM, whether they are on the diplomatic side with the State Department, and working very closely with Treasury in diplomatic engagement multilaterally and bilaterally, or a range of other tools, including the State Department's capacity-building programs.    I would just note that those programs, I think, are some of the most effective things that we can do overall, in that they are trying to drive systemic change. So, for example, Ranking Member Keating had mentioned cigarette smuggling earlier. These programs aren't necessarily targeted at cigarette smuggling or wildlife trafficking or whatnot. They are targeted overall at building investigatory capacity, prosecutorial capacity, judicial capacity. We work with customs agencies in other countries to try to strengthen all of it. And it can have a positive effect on our counterterrorism efforts, as well.    Mr. Keller. Congressman, I----    Mr. Keller. I think--I understand the concern about----    Mr. Keller. It is a fair question. I don't really have an answer----    Mr. Keller . Because we are not seeing----    Mr. Keller. I appreciate the question. I am going to have to take that one back. As I mentioned, my focus in this area is specifically on the counter-ISIL financial front. So I would like to take your question back to our Turkey experts----    Mr. Keller. Not that I am aware of, sir.    Mr. Keller. I would agree with Assistant Secretary Glaser's assessment.    I would also note specifically on the oil front, it is our assessment that ISIL is not smuggling or selling oil to Turkey or to individuals in Turkey, that the oil that is being produced in ISIL-controlled territory is being sold and consumed in ISIL-controlled territory.    Mr. Keller. I would say that is something that we have been able to get a much clearer picture of as of--well, I don't want to say ``as of late,'' but some of the most helpful information and insightful information we were able to glean on this issue came from the Abu Sayyaf raid last year. He was the emir for oil and gas and antiquities who was killed by U.S. Special Forces.    And they were able to recover a treasure trove of information, including on ISIL's oil activities. And the picture that we were able to develop from that information helped us assess that the oil was being consumed within ISIL-controlled territory and not being smuggled into Turkey.    Mr. Keller. I think it is possible that antiquities are being smuggled out through basically the neighboring countries to Iraq and Syria, Turkey being one of them.    Mr. Keller. Thank you, Congressman.    I think in the counter-ISIL context, for example, one of the most important things that we have been trying to do all along is make sure that ISIL is cut off from the financial system, whether it is a formal financial system or informal financial system.    I think through a lot of good work, including from our Treasury Department, early on, they worked very closely with the Iraqis to cut off banks that were in ISIL-controlled territory from the international financial system. In addition, we have been working with the Iraqis to cut off money exchange houses and more informal operations that are engaged in hawala-type activities that are in ISIL-controlled territory from their ability to participate in----    Mr. Keller. Well, sir, I think you are exactly right, that it is not just ISIL-related. And I can tell you--if you indulge me, I will tell you one other thing that the State Department is doing, which I mentioned earlier, which are these capacity-building programs that increase the capacity for other countries on anti-money-laundering and counterterrorism finance programs, whether it is in their judiciary or prosecutorial services.    These are things that can be very helpful--and we also work with the treasury departments around the world. These are things that can be very helpful as far as helping them----    Mr. Keller. That is a great question, Congressman. I would like to take that back and get you an answer in writing, and I will discuss that with----