    Sheriff Jones. Chairman Gowdy and Members, thank for you the invitation to speak with you this morning. I am Scott Jones and I am the Sheriff of Sacramento County, one of the largest sheriffs departments in the country. And in Sacramento County, like the rest of California and many communities, we have a very diverse population, including a large population of undocumented immigrants. They are a vital, important, and valued part of our community.    Unfortunately, there is also a percentage of that community that chooses to victimize others as a way of life in sometimes heinous ways. Unfortunately, unlike their American counterparts, I cannot protect my community from these offenders.    Secure Communities went a good way in the right direction by allowing fingerprints to be processed by ICE. Now, keep in mind we do not have access to their database, so we do not know status. But they did a good job of notifying their local ICE offices of the folks that they wanted to take custody of. Because they cannot be in every jail 24 hours a day, they served the jails with a detainer that says hold this person for a brief time until we get down to the jail and take custody of this person that we have already identified should not be released. It worked well, and few people fell through the cracks.    Even under the new watered down version of Secure Communities, the Priority Enforcement Program, it is dependent on detainers to be functional. I can tell you that the detainer system has failed, and consequently and necessarily then the Priority Enforcement Program is also failing.    Even notwithstanding the fact that the Federal Government allows and encourages States to pass their own immigration laws, though they have no legal authority to do so--it is a plenary and exclusive function of the Federal Government--they are allowed to so without consequence or challenge because it is much easier for that to happen. So we consequently have 50 different immigration policies that are constantly evolving.    The recent TRUST Act in California severely limited the types of crimes for which we can honor detainers. But then came a lowly magistrate judge in Clackamas County, Oregon who held that in Clackamas County only that detainers were unlawful. I and other sheriffs came back and talked with ICE administrators and begged, pleaded with them to stand with us so we could stand with our ICE partners to keep our communities safe and honor detainers at least for the ones that our State laws allowed because they already said they would not contravene that. They said, no, that it would not happen during this Administration.    And in a leadership vacuum, someone will fill that space, and that someone was the ACLU who seized on the opportunity to send a letter to every sheriff in this country telling them that if they honored any ICE detainers, not just the ones that were allowed by State law, but any ICE detainers, they would be sued. Again, we pleaded with ICE to no avail. So now, over 200 jurisdictions in this country do not honor ICE detainers. People are simply released without any scrutiny from ICE at all.    California has become a de facto sanctuary State, and in short order this entire country will be a de facto sanctuary country. But that is not the same as sanctuary cities that pass laws that overtly and conspicuously violate Federal law. They, too, are allowed to do so. I have it on good authority that the San Francisco Sheriff's Office has not contacted ICE for any reason in over 3 years despite being served with many detainers during that time period. It is deplorable and reprehensible. And you will find no shortage of police chiefs willing to come here and testify that this type of legislation named after in part Danny Oliver, the deputy of mine that got killed last October 24th by someone removed 4 times, that it is going to be bad for our communities, that it is going to erode trust in our immigrant communities, that we should not be enforcing immigration law. It should be a function of the Federal Government. And I cannot argue with any of that. I agree with every little sentiment that is expressed.    I do not care. I do not have any desire to enforce immigration law, but that presupposes that there are people that are concerned with enforcing immigration law, and that is not happening. And notice I mentioned police chiefs willing to come here and testify. I defy you to find a sheriff that will come here and testify that some of this legislation is not a good idea, because while we are both singularly concerned with building trust in our communities, only the sheriffs, because of their roles in corrections in this country, are concerned with the dire consequence of releasing someone they know who should not be released, that they know ICE already wants and that society should be protected from, and not to be able to hold them for even 1 minute while ICE can come down to the jail and take custody of them.    Sheriffs are accountable to the people. They are elected. We have our own political voice. There is a reason, a very conspicuous reason. Even though our large role in corrections in this country that there is no sheriff representation on the President's 21st Century Task Force on Policing. And that is it.    Even without national immigration reform, there can be solutions. There can be legislative or stroke of pen changes by policy that will make this part better, to make detainers lawful and mandatory on local detention facilities so we can cooperate with our ICE partners despite what the policymakers in Washington have.    I hope you have had an opportunity to review the information that I have presented prior to this hearing. It lists some of those suggestions. I remain deeply committed to assisting in whatever way I can in this issue, and I look forward to exploring any of those issues further through any of your questions you may have. Thank you.    Sheriff Jones. Well, thank you for the question. It is important to remember that until a couple of years ago, ICE detainers were mandatory. There was nothing equivocal in the enabling statute. It says ``local jails shall,'' not ``may'' or ``in their discretion,'' but ``shall'' hold folks for no more than 48 hours. It is only through policies of this Administration that that has softened up.    About 3 years ago, they were mandatory. For about a year or 2-year period, the Federal Government literally would refuse to answer whether they are mandatory or mere requests, and now, of course, they have simply thrown up their hands and said, well, look at Clackamas. I guess that is Federal law. Well, that is not the way our American system of jurisprudence works.    Sheriff Jones. It is not even a judge.    Sheriff Jones. It is a magistrate.    Sheriff Jones. I guess.    Sheriff Jones. They still have a longer appointment than I do, so.    Sheriff Jones. So it is applicable in that particular district, nowhere else. And so, the Federal Government could have done something minimally such as stand up and say we do not agree with that, let alone challenge it, but they do not. They allow that to extrapolate to make national policy, and the ACLU seized upon that vacuum to do so.    So it is not like it is unprecedented that detainers are mandatory. They have been mandatory, and that was the success of the Secure Communities Program.    Sheriff Jones. Well, there are a number or things, but specifically relative to detainers, they have to be once again determined to be mandatory. The fact that you cannot hold someone based on anything less than a warrant or a court order is ludicrous. We arrest everyone in this country, citizens or not, we detain them on reasonable suspicion. We arrest them on probable cause. They do not see a judge for 48 hours or 2 days or 3 days. So to suggest that because you are undocumented you somehow have greater constitutional rights, that----    Sheriff Jones . Is ludicrous. You cannot----    Sheriff Jones. Yes, thank you. He was not unlike any cop in this country who has answered the call, who law enforcement is a calling, not a job, to help people, and for a life of service. He was particularly assigned to the Problem-Oriented Policing Unit, or ``POP officers'' might be more familiar. They are what I call the quality of life police. Their job is to address quality of life issues, not answer calls for service.    It is what he was doing on that date with a particular problem motel in our jurisdiction, had already made contact with someone in the front, and was onto the back of the hotel when he came in contact with two people in a car. And I believe the last words he ever spoke was ``How is your day going today,'' and then he was shot a single time in the forehead killing him almost instantly.    Sheriff Jones. First of all, he was booked in under an alias that we did not even know his true identity for several days. Secondly, we realized that he had a driver's license that was issued from one of the States that issue them. Now California does as well. Had suffered 11 different misdemeanor traffic-related convictions from hit and run to DUI. Was able to walk in and renew his driver's license.    And he had been removed from the country four times, the first time with a deportation. The second time the next year he was simply released back across the border the very same day he was captured, 3 days later was back in this country. Once again, released across the border that very same day, and the next year came into this country illegally. Was arrested on felony warrants for a local crime, was deported again 3 days later. So not only escaping consequences for any of his deportations or prior illegal entry, but in the last case at least escaped any consequences for his local criminality because presumably it was easier to deport him than face his criminal conduct.    Some time thereafter, I know not when, he entered the country illegally, and fast forward to the events of October 24th of last year.    Sheriff Jones. Yeah, absolutely. First of all, it is important to note that even under the Priority Enforcement Program prior removal felonies, any felon conviction, as long it is not aggravated, extensive gang activity, and any misdemeanor convictions will not get you into the first priority. But even if you were in the first priority, ICE detainers are not working.    It is naive to believe, to assert, that for the most offensive crimes that we are able to hold the person until ICE can get down. Even if we notify them, if Ms. Steinle's murderer were somehow released from court today, they would not hold them 1 minute for them to get out of custody. I cannot even honor an ICE detainer for the person that killed my officer that is currently in custody. If he were to somehow get released or charges dismissed, he would get out before ICE would ever come down to the jail.    By ICE's own numbers, their in-custody arrests are down 95 percent over a year ago. That is 95 percent. That is more than just folks that are falling in the first priority. That is almost every single person escaping a consequence for being in this country illegally or whatever crimes they may have committed.    Sheriff Jones. Since 1989.    Sheriff Jones. We do. We cooperate with ICE to the extent we are able to.    Sheriff Jones. That is correct.    Sheriff Jones. There is a training component. I am not certain as I sit here today what it is. We have a large jail. We are right next to a Federal courthouse, and so we have a pretty handy ICE presence in our jail. They are able to be in our jail unlike many jails.    Sheriff Jones. That is correct, but because of Secure Communities and its progeny, they will already have an indication many times if there is a fingerprint match, if someone is in the country illegally.    Sheriff Jones. Right.    Sheriff Jones. Right.    Sheriff Jones. That is correct, or folks that have self-indicated that they were born outside of the United States or are here illegally.    Sheriff Jones. Absolutely I do. The line level officers in both ICE and us have the same desire, and that is to keep the community safe. They took an oath. They have a mission. They are not being allowed to carry out that mission. That morale issue was discussed and addressed by the Administration with the raise, but that is not what is giving the ICE at the line level poor morale.    Sheriff Jones. No.    Sheriff Jones. Yes. I said earlier, it is a calling. We do not choose law enforcement. It chooses us.    Sheriff Jones. There is undoubtedly less enforcement on immigration issues and certainly detainers as a result of----    Sheriff Jones. Oh, absolutely.    Sheriff Jones. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Clearly it is policy differences, and obviously as the Member pointed out, these policy and the preferences came about long before the decision in Clackamas County, Oregon. That was just a catalyst and vehicle for them to make that a nationwide policy shift.    You have to understand that the DHS assistant secretary over State and local law enforcement is Heather Fong. She is the former police chief of San Francisco. So not saying anything about her competence as police chief or in the position she currently holds, but that does give you some insight into the political will and mindset of this Administration.    Sheriff Jones. Well, I can say that the only vehicle for that to happen, the only vehicle for the Federal Government or ICE to be notified of that is the detainer process. And as I have tried to illustrate, the detainer process is not working. We are not able to honor ICE detainers for 1 second after the local charges are cleared.    Now, if someone is sentenced to local time, doing time in jail, then ICE can have a pretty decent idea, relatively accurate idea of when they are getting out. And for those folks it might still be effective. But for the 58,000 people that I book in my jail every year that overwhelmingly mostly get out on their own recognizance, bail perhaps, they are able to bail, they get released from court, that happens with no notice or warning to ICE, and they do not have the ability to run down to the jail before I have to release them.    Sheriff Jones. That is my understanding.    Sheriff Jones. You know, I would not claim to be an insider into the dynamics. I have talked to some of my friends in ICE about that particular case. There were certainly failures, but it is an overarching policy-level decision to not challenge or enforce the existing immigration laws or challenge contrary laws that led, at least in part, to the release of this suspect.    Sheriff Jones. Clearly.    Sheriff Jones. Yes, and we had this discussion about why do you not just create the detainer process into somewhat of a probable cause declaration and have them reviewed by a magistrate. It is case load prohibitive, but there are 93 Federal districts in this country, including three territorial district courts. And if we were to supply one additional magistrate to each of those districts, I am sure they could handle the workload of reviewing the probable cause detainer declarations. These things are easily fixable. There just has to be a desire and the political will to be able to do that.    Sheriff Jones. Clearly some do, but the best predictor of future behavior is past behavior. And I think there are studies that will demonstrate that generally is an escalation of criminality, especially when you do not have the consequences to try and deter the behavior. And it is not just felonies that are getting deported. It is only aggravated felonies. So there are many felony convictions that escape scrutiny whatsoever, even under the highest priority of the Priority Enforcement Program.