    Mr. Deutch. Thank you very much, Madame Chairman.    I'd also like to just take a moment to say that we stand with the people of Brussels, the people of Belgium and all those who are resolute in battling ISIS and the terrorist groups that cowardly launch attacks on innocent civilians.    It will not win, not in Belgium, not in Turkey, not in Cote d'Ivoire, not in Israel, nowhere, and our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims--today's victims and to their families.    Thank you to our witnesses. It's a pleasure to welcome you all back to our subcommittee and I thank the chairman for convening today's hearing to examining the terrorist organization Hezbollah whose dangerous behavior poses a threat in nearly every corner of the globe.    Hezbollah was founded as a resistance group against Israel, a group dedicated to the destruction of the state of Israel.    Today, its activities are broad and they are wide. Hezbollah has become Iran's proxy terrorist using Iranian dollars to launch attacks around the world just as they use Iranian weapons to kill Syrians.    Hezbollah is responsible for the 1992 Israeli Embassy bombing in Argentina which killed 29 people, the 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish center that killed 85 people. It attacked a bus of tourists in Bulgaria in 2012.    Since 2008, attacks plotted by Hezbollah have been foiled in Cyprus, in Azerbaijan, in Georgia and in Turkey. And in 2012 a Hezbollah plot to assassinate the Ambassador of Saudi Arabia right here in Washington was uncovered.    This attack, had it gone forward, would have resulted in the deaths of innocent civilians here in our nation's capital. And while Hezbollah has been a designated U.S. Foreign Terrorist Organization since 1997, it still operates freely around the world as a so-called political group--a political group.    The distinction between Hezbollah's political and military wings allows the group to fundraise throughout Europe and Latin America.    The Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act, which I was proud to introduce with Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel and my friend, Mr. Meadows, has been signed into law and would help crack down on Hezbollah's use of the banking system as well as its other funding sources from narco-trafficking to money laundering.    Now, today's hearing comes on the heels of two surprising announcements--the designation of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization by the Gulf Cooperation Council followed by the same designation by the Arab League.    These actions are a clear indication of just how dangerous Hezbollah has become as it does Iran's dirty work throughout the Middle East.    Iran has a long history of meddling in neighboring countries with hopes of destabilizing governments and inciting unrest among Shi'ite populations.    After the conclusion of the nuclear agreement, there is increasing concern about the kind of damage an Iran with access to billions of dollars in sanctions relief could do.    But Hezbollah is not just a threat to Israel and to Arab states. This murderous group has a history of attacking American citizens and American interests.    Since its inception in 1982, Hezbollah has attacked American citizens in the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut in 1983, killing 63 including 17 Americans, the U.S. Marine barracks bombing in October 1983 which killed 241 American and 58 French servicemen, the bombing of the U.S. Embassy annex in Beirut in 1984 which killed 24, the hijacking of TWA 847 in 1985 in which a Navy diver was shot in the head and his body dumped on the Tarmac, and the Khobar Towers attack in Saudi Arabia in 1996 that killed 19 U.S. airmen.    Desperate to hang on to its best friend, Bashar al-Assad, Iran dispatched Hezbollah mercenaries to Syria nearly 5 years ago. Hezbollah has sustained the regime's grip on power and aided in the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of innocent Syrians by providing Assad with somewhere between 6,000 and 8,000 fighters.    Just this week, Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah vowed that his fighters would press on in Syria even as Assad loses his support from the Russian air force.    The conflict in Syria has delivered an influx of new weapons into the region, increasing the chances that dangerous chemical or advanced precision weapons had fallen into Hezbollah's hands.    Already Hezbollah is reportedly in possession of Russian-designed surface-to-air shoulder-mounted missile systems and with an arsenal of well over 100,000 missiles, which are, according to Nasrallah, capable of reaching every corner of Israel, it is troubling to imagine these rockets with precision capabilities or Hezbollah with a stockpile of chemical weapons that could one day be used against Israel.    The U.S. must lead the efforts to interdict Iranian weapons as they make their way to Hezbollah for use in Syria and against Israel. We have tremendous cooperation with Israel in these efforts but the international community under the mandate of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1701, which calls for the de-arming of Hezbollah, must step up these efforts.    The Security Council must do more to ensure that Security Council resolutions are implemented. The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Lebanon does not have the ability to de-arm Hezbollah. There is no enforcement mechanism.    Hezbollah has a stranglehold on Lebanon, the country is paralyzed because Hezbollah essentially functions as a state within a state. The political stalemate has persisted for nearly 2 years with the government unable to select a President.    Moreover, the Lebanese Armed Forces must be the sole security apparatus in the country. I was pleased to see the Security Council reaffirm this last week reiterating their strong support for the territorial integrity, sovereignty and political independence of Lebanon and underscoring the crucial role played by the Lebanese Armed Forces and security forces in extending and sustaining the authority of the state in supporting the country's stability.    As long as Hezbollah remains in Syria, a threat to Lebanon remains. Retaliatory bombings have struck Beirut, the country is buckling under the weight of over 1 million refugees and Hezbollah is desperate to see its lifeline to Iran preserved.    This makes a political solution that removes Bashar al-Assad from power all the more important for regional international security. Without Assad, the Hezbollah-Iran nexus is inherently weakened.    Madam Chairman, it is time for the world to call Hezbollah what it is--a terrorist organization that murders innocent civilians at the behest of Iran.    I hope today will give us new insight into how we can beat Iranian support for Hezbollah and curb the menacing group's activities in the Middle East and around the world, and I yield back.    Thank you.    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Madame Chairman.    Dr. Byman, you had said--you described Nasrallah's current position as one who's widely hated. You also pointed out that Hezbollah is a formidable foe of Islamic State.    Do those two things--is it likely that because they are a formidable foe of ISIS that that will have some impact on the way Nasrallah is viewed?    How do those interrelate and on the ground, more broadly, how does the population view Hezbollah, given the role they've played in fighting ISIS?    Mr. Deutch. And does--the decision by GCC and the Arab League to designate Hezbollah a terrorist organization what's the impact of that in the region and do you expect another--are there retaliatory attacks to come from the designation? What happens next?    Mr. Deutch. And does the failure--I'll throw this open to anyone on the panel--does the failure on the part of Europe to designate Hezbollah--I mean, what does it actually mean?    What are they able to do from a fund-raising standpoint? What are they able to do from an operational standpoint that could potentially be stopped if Europe actually does the right thing and designates them a terrorist organization?    Dr. Levitt.    Mr. Deutch. But what would the full designation empower them to do?    Mr. Deutch. And what would that mean to----    Mr. Deutch. Right. And in terms of--in terms of impacting their operations, what would the impact be?    Mr. Deutch. And Mr. Badran--last question, Madam Chairman.    Is there any--can you foresee anything that would prompt or what would--that would prompt the Europeans to take the necessary step, given what Dr. Levitt just laid out, to make this a full designation?    Mr. Deutch. Thank you very much. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Deutch. No, thank you, ma'am.