    Chairman Royce. We will ask all of the members to take their seats. This hearing is called ``Women and Technology: Increasing Opportunity and Driving International Development.'' And around the world, women and girls are, frankly, the hardest hit by poverty. I think people realize that, but at the same time, empowering women can be the best way to lift them and their families out of that poverty. As our guest, Geena Davis, has said, ``believing in yourself is the greatest gift.''    Today, few tools have the potential to empower women and girls like the Internet. Whether it is access to online education, or whether it is job opportunities, or expanding that social network, the Internet can dramatically increase a woman's access to information, dramatically increase her opportunity for her and her family.    A recent survey in four developing countries found that of those women who reported using the Internet, 75 percent said they used the Internet ``to further their education.'' Many women surveyed also noted that the Internet and other mobile applications dramatically reduced the time and dramatically reduced the cost associated with tasks like learning about health concerns, arranging transportation, borrowing and saving money. Just ask the female fisherman in Kenya who now uses a popular mobile service to store and transfer money using just her cell phone that protects her business savings, protects her from theft. It enables her to spend her money as she chooses. Frankly, it empowers her.    Yet, while we take the Internet for granted here, more than 4 billion people, two-thirds of the world's population, lack access to that Internet. And women are more likely to be offline than men. Across the developing world, that is 200 million fewer women than men that have access to the Internet. And the disparity is particularly great in Asia and in the Middle East, and in sub-Saharan Africa, where women are half as likely as men to be online.    This means women are being excluded from one of the most powerful drivers of personal and economic opportunity of all time. And this is a problem for more than just those women who are left out. It means that families, communities, states, institutions, are all held back as well.    Study after study has shown that women spend more of their income on their families and communities, prioritizing things like what, food, medicine, education, that then improves the outcomes for their children. And in terms of broader economic growth, that means that it reduces the disparity in women's online access, and--what would the GDP boost be if we were able to do this to the portions of the world that do not have that kind of access? It would be $4 billion to $5 billion.    So it seems clear that failing to include women in the technology revolution is a big mistake. Likewise, failing to consider technology in our aid and in our diplomacy remains another costly oversight. The Internet is fast becoming as essential to a country's economic growth as electricity was, as ports are, as the rule of law is, and that is why the committee is developing legislation to ensure Internet access is a priority in U.S. development projects. For one, our aid agencies could better coordinate to lay fiberoptic cable under roads being constructed in the developing world. That is kind of a no-brainer.    In addition to having equal access to technology, it is important for women to have equal access to creating that technology. Globally, there are fewer women than men in science, in technology, in engineering, in math, in these STEM careers. However, there are some countries that have succeeded in having at least 50 percent of their STEM degrees awarded to women. Countries like the United Arab Emirates, Bulgaria, Oman, are pushing in that direction. They have 50 percent. We need to address what is holding women back from entering the sciences in so many other countries, including ours, I will add.    The Internet has changed the way that we buy, that we sell, that we educate, that we socialize. It has transacted more international commerce than any other marketplace, with trillions of dollars pumped across the net daily. It is a tremendous opportunity, but it is only an opportunity for those who have access to it. This hearing will help us understand what is needed so that more, especially women, more people can take advantage of this revolutionary technology, and in the process, bring a better life for their families and communities and more opportunity and hope.    So I now turn to the ranking member, Mr. Eliot Engel of New York, for his opening comments.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel. This morning we are joined by a distinguished panel. We have Ms. Geena Davis. In addition to acting in multiple critically-acclaimed movies, she is the founder and chair of the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media. She also currently serves as the special envoy for women and girls at the International Telecommunications Union at the United Nations.    We have Ms. Sonia Jorge, she is executive director of the Alliance for Affordable Internet. She has over 20 years of experience in information and communication technologies in both the private and the nonprofit sector.    And we have Ms. Joyce Warner, and she is senior vice president and chief of staff at the International Research and Exchanges Board. She had a long career of serving in various international organizations with a focus on women's health, and women's development.    So, without objection, the witnesses' full prepared statements will be made a part of the record. Members here will have 5 calendar days to submit any statements or questions that you might have, or extraneous material that you want in the record of today's hearing. And so I would suggest that the witnesses would like to summarize their remarks. We will begin with Ms. Davis. Thank you very much, again, for your testimony today.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. Ms. Jorge.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Ms. Jorge. Ms. Warner.    Chairman Royce. I thank you, Ms. Warner. We thank all of our witnesses here.    Let me start with a question that goes to this issue of how media itself portrays women working in the STEM fields. And my first thought here would be, because the studies that you have focused on here in industrialized nations, because that is rebroadcast out around the world, both are lesser representation on screen and off screen, probably impacts the number of women and girls interested in STEM in the developing world. And that is the essence of my question there.    Chairman Royce. I have another question here, and it goes to the use of technology.    Some years ago, I passed an Anti-Stalking Act here, but as technology changes, we are now seeing it is not just the phone. It is access to the Internet as an area where what you might think might make women feel more secure, you also have the online stalking, the online hacking that threatens their security. So have you seen any evidence for the panel here, any evidence on balance that technology is decreasing the overall amount of harassment of women, or is technology just a neutral tool when addressing this cultural issue at the end of the day? What is your perception on that issue, and how can we impact it?    Chairman Royce. Technology is going to be empowering. Mr. Sires. I am out of time, we will go to Mr. Sires.    Chairman Royce. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Eliot Engel of New York.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Ted Yoho of Florida.    Chairman Royce. Bill Keating of Massachusetts.    Chairman Royce. Matt Salmon of Arizona.    Chairman Royce. I would just point out that Geena Davis played one.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. We go now to Lois Frankel of Florida.    Chairman Royce. And, Lois, last month on our hearing on the anti-poaching bill, we had the academy award winner for best director, we had Kathryn Bigelow here, who directed ``The Hurt Locker'' and also directed ``Zero Dark Thirty,'' so----    Alan, Alan Lowenthal.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Congressman Lowenthal.    And we will be incorporating the testimonies of our witnesses here in the legislation that we are writing in the committee.    And we want to again thank our witnesses for their trips out here today and all the work they have put into this testimony. It is now part of the official record and will be part of our legislation.    We stand adjourned.