    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This hearing has been noticed as a ``Hearing on Impeachment Articles Referred on John Koskinen, Part III.'' There are no impeachment articles, and this is not an impeachment hearing. This hearing is therefore simply a total sham. The impeachment process cannot begin until the 435 Members of the House of Representatives adopt a resolution authorizing the House Judiciary Committee to conduct an independent investigation. Such a resolution has not been presented to or passed by the House, rendering today's hearing a misnamed farce.    This Committee does a grave injustice to the Committee as a hollowed institution by being complicit in the perpetuation of this sham proceeding. There is a reason for a careful process when it comes to the most drastic action of impeachment; it is called due process. The effort to impeach IRS Commissioner John Koskinen is without precedent in the history of the United States.    The House has impeached Executive Branch officials only three times, and it has never impeached a sub cabinet official. The so-called impeachment resolutions contain clear errors of fact, misleading statements, and baseless conclusions.    The commissioner has repeatedly asked for immediate access to the transcripts of all interviews conduct by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee during its investigation. They are necessary to answer basic questions about the scope and depth of that Committee's investigation, such as what witnesses were interviewed, what questions were asked, what leads were followed, and whether all relevant information was disclosed.    But, again, I would tell you that this Committee has conducted no such investigation, the House Judiciary Committee. This is a drastic departure from our previous process, and it is depriving Commissioner Koskinen of his due process rights.    You know, there are many basic reasons for there to be due process applicable to this particular proceeding, with the errors that are--and the misleading statements and baseless conclusions that riddle the so-called charging document.    It is due process that requires Commissioner Koskinen to be allowed to make objections to any evidence, to cross-examine each witness that the resolution's proponents put forward, to call his own witnesses, to expose what he believes to be blatant factual errors in the resolution.    And then after due process allowed for the submission of the evidence against him and his ability to confront that evidence, present his own evidence, have that evidence subject to confrontation by the accuser, it then would fall to the reasoned and sober intellect of this Committee to determine whether or not impeachment was, in fact, warranted, which is a very drastic action, again, only taking place three times in the history of this country.    So what we are doing today, ladies and gentlemen, you know, I know, the American people know, it is just plain politics. We have got other things that we should be dealing with: The Zika virus, funding for it; funding for the Flint fiasco that has been un-remediated for the last year. So many things for this Congress to do: Passing a budget, keeping the government open. We are approaching another deadline, September 30. No continuing resolution, no omnibus, no appropriations bills passed, nothing. And here we are 3 or 4 days before we adjourn so that these Members, who talk so badly about the institution of government can go home to get reelected so they can come back next year and do nothing.    With that, I will yield back the balance of my time.