    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    Ms. Espinel, I want to go back to something, and then I've got others, too. Back in October last year, 2014, many of my colleagues, including myself, wrote a letter to the U.S. trade representative about the TPP. And just to review, first--we had several things: First, we wanted to include provisions that specifically keep borders open to free flow of data; second, it must prohibit countries from acquiring the use of local data servers and computing infrastructure as a condition for providing digital service; third, it must ensure nondiscriminatory treatment of digital products and services.    Based just on the reports that have come out so far from the Administration and others, where do you think we are in that right now?    Mr. Collins. And granted, I think we will see those, and that's part of our whole process. But if that was not there, and probably a short answer is, if these protections were not there, given the new marketplace of the future that we're looking at, that being much more in this round, than it is for rounds and others, would that be a serious hindrance to enactment of this agreement?    Mr. Collins. I agree.    Mr. Collins. Thanks.    Mr. Atkinson, real quickly, could you please describe for the Committee the problem of forced localization, and how this impacts member companies and your ability to create American jobs? Mr. Atkinson.    Mr. Collins. It could present a load of problems on many different levels?    Mr. Collins. It could present a load of problems on many different levels?    Mr. Collins. Right. Okay.    Mr. Collins. Mr. Atkinson, I appreciate that.    Mr. Black, very forceful in this Committee discussing some issues, but I've noticed something. We do read through all of your printed text before you appear. And on page 8 of your written testimony, you seem to want to have it both ways, and I think it's a concern.    The first way is you basically say that U.S. Internet intermediary liability and copyright rules discourage investment in growth and domestic startups. Yet, two sentences later in the same paragraph, you say U.S. businesses have thrived domestically under carefully crafted legal framework of U.S. law.    Now, you're basically contradicting yourself there. I don't know why you would do that, but I think one of the things that goes back for me is, is something I have said in this Committee from the day I came on, strong copyright, strong protective laws are not a barrier, but they're a creative incentive. I believe that what we--the framework that we have here has allowed U.S. Internet businesses to thrive, and they become a growth for your association and for many others that grow this industry.    So my question is, why are we presenting what seems to be a false narrative here, on one hand, saying that it discourages, and on the other hand, two sentences later, saying it encourages?    Mr. Collins. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Your word says ``domestic.''    Mr. Collins. It's an interesting question because -it's an interesting answer, because it frankly doesn't answer my question. Why would you contradict yourself? I understand that you want to say that--but when you said domestically U.S., it's either hindering or it's helping. You can't have it both ways in the same four sentences.    Mr. Collins. You cannot say the U.S. Internet liability and copyright rules discourage investment and growth in domestic startups, and then two sentences later say, ``U.S. Internet businesses have thrived domestically under carefully-crafted legal framework in the U.S.'' Either the legal framework we have here is bad, or the legal framework we have here is good. I believe it to be good. I'm not sure why it would be contradictory there.    Mr. Collins. Yes.    Mr. Collins. Well, the problem is--and that would be fine if understood, except that the footnote is to a footnote to a domestic--you know, saying which gives you the realization that it was for that. And this isn't something that our--you know, we've had many meetings on this from different various interests.    So I think the biggest thing is--the safe way to put this is, I believe that as we look at this, this is crafted in a well way. We continue to craft our copyright laws. It's going to help us all in this bigger picture, and not settling for what is a weaker system in other parts of the world, and I think we can----    Mr. Collins. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.