    Ms. Neuman. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. My name is Karen Neuman, and I'm the Chief Privacy Officer and Chief FOIA Officer at the Department of Homeland Security. I'm very pleased to be here before you today to discuss how DHS implements the Freedom of Information Act.    DHS is composed of several distinct components, each with unique authorities and categories of records. Our components operate their own FOIA offices, staffed by FOIA professionals who respond directly to requesters seeking records.    My office has dual responsibilities to protect privacy and promote transparency. Every FOIA request deserves careful consideration to promote transparency while protecting the privacy of individuals and operationally sensitive information.    We have some significant challenges, and we also have done some good things. As you know, DHS gets the largest number of FOIA requests of any Federal agency and produces the largest number of responses. In fact, DHS received 40 percent of all FOIA requests submitted to the government in fiscal year 2014. In this 12-month period alone, we received an unprecedented 291,242 requests. As a result, we also have the largest backlog.    Since January 2009, DHS experienced a 182-percent increase in its number of FOIA requests. At the same time, our FOIA professionals have significantly increased their output to meet this increased demand. In fiscal year 2014, these professionals processed 238,031 requests.    The Department of Homeland Security takes our obligation to promote transparency and further the values of open government embodied in the statute very seriously. Nonetheless, we face serious challenges to connecting requesters with the records they seek. I'd like to briefly highlight some of the measures we have implemented to reduce these challenges, including to reduce our backlog.    The Government Accountability Office was asked by Congress to review DHS' processing of FOIA requests. In November 2014, GAO published its report with four recommendations. We concurred with all four recommendations and are taking steps to address each one.    For example, as recommended by GAO, we are in the process of finalizing our FOIA regulation, including preparing to publish a Federal Register notice seeking comment. As also recommended, we sought assistance from DOJ OIP in developing and implementing a policy to ensure that all DHS components are capturing FOIA costs consistently.    Quite apart from these recommendations, I've initiated several new measures that are designed to improve DHS FOIA operations in both the near term and the long term.    First, in January this year, I requested a top-to-bottom, independent review of six DHS component FOIA offices. That review is currently underway and is being conducted by the Office of Government Information Services, also known as OGIS.    Second, my office is establishing a short-term blanket purchase agreement for FOIA support services. This contract will be utilized as needed by our component FOIA offices that require additional help. My goal here is really to empower the components to take quick action to manage backlog surges before they get out of control.    Third, my FOIA leadership team has met with colleagues at other agencies to learn about the types of records that can be made available through technology and other routine procedures that are currently sought through a FOIA request.    Fourth, my office continues to look for greater efficiencies from the use of technology. We offer each component FOIA office the ability to use a centralized FOIA tracking, processing, and reporting case management system with customizable features. We're also working with the DHS Chief Information Officer to develop an e-FOIA mobile application that will enable the public to submit FOIA requests and check the status of these requests from a smartphone or mobile device.    As a result of these measures, we are starting to see a slow but steady reduction in our backlog. Yesterday I learned that, as of May 2015, the DHS backlog was reduced by 10 percent, from 103,480 to 92,066, since the beginning of the fiscal year.    Despite the challenges we face, I am pleased that the administrative and technological infrastructure we have put in place is resulting in a trend in the right direction. We are working hard every day to provide access under the statute, and there is room for considerable improvement. I look forward to working with you to improve FOIA at DHS, and I welcome your recommendations and look forward to taking your questions.    Thank you.    Ms. Neuman. Thank you. I appreciate that question.    Let me just say that, with respect to the backlog, any significant delays in processing requests don't meet my standards, and I expect to see improvement. That goes for duplication, as well. And, as you may be aware, the GAO studied that aspect of our FOIA operations and made some recommendations that we are implementing in a number of ways.    USCIS and ICE receive a significant number of our FOIA requests, many of which are immigration-related. There may be instances where one or more of those components holds files--or holds records that are contained in the alien file. We do not--we do not support unnecessary duplication, and we have----    Ms. Neuman. Well, that's really not my decision to make. I also want to tell you----    Ms. Neuman. I--it's up to the Members of Congress who write the statute.    I will also tell you that we've implemented technology measures that----    Ms. Neuman. So my focus is really, as the Chief FOIA Officer, on connecting requesters with their records. And I have got to spend my time looking at, the way the agency is constructed now, what inefficiencies, if any, are preventing us from meeting our transparency mission----    Ms. Neuman. I am focussing on connecting requesters with their records.    Ms. Neuman. Yes.    Ms. Neuman. As do I, Congressman Cummings.    One of the things I did when I first came aboard was to try to understand where some of the bottlenecks were in the Department in terms of the component backlogs and understand what the reasons for those backlogs might be. In doing so, I did identify some of the systemic challenges and decided that we really did need to address in the long term an independent comprehensive review of what these systemic challenges are, what the reasons for these backlogs are, and then get some best practices in place for dealing with those.    In the interim, I decided that I could implement some more immediate measures to address some of these challenges. For example----    Ms. Neuman. Sure. I personally believe that we can leverage technology and deploy much more advanced technology throughout the Department that can be used to address the backlog.    Ms. Neuman. Well, we're in the process of doing that already. We are in the process. We've rolled out a successful pilot that's intended to reduce the backlog and duplication. It's been adopted by 11 components thus far, and other components are in line to adopt it as well.    Ms. Neuman. Well, there are 15 components that process FOIA requests. Eleven of these components have adopted this technology----    Ms. Neuman. Yes, sir.    Ms. Neuman. I personally don't--I'm not aware of the timeframe. I would be happy to confer with my staff and get back to you on that.    Ms. Neuman. Absolutely.    Ms. Neuman. I'd be happy to.    Ms. Neuman. Yes, I will.    Ms. Neuman. Yes, I will.    Ms. Neuman. No, it's not. We don't avoid any FOIA requests, but we do consider FOIA requests that may be seeking information that is operationally sensitive and may be protected.    Ms. Neuman. No, no. It would include information about law enforcement, investigatory techniques, for example, national security issues. And when we get a request----    Ms. Neuman. Congressman, the FOIA backlog has more than doubled in part because we've received an enormous increase in the number of requests for fiscal year 2014. ICE and USCIS are the recipients of most of these requests as many of these requests seek immigration-related records.    Ms. Neuman. No, sir, I don't. I can't speak to the many events that take place outside of DHS that trigger searches in requests. We do focus on trying to fulfill those requests.    Ms. Neuman. I am saying, if I understand your question correctly, that a significant number of the requests received by the Department are requests for immigration records.    Ms. Neuman. Since 2009.    Ms. Neuman. Since he issued his open government directive.    Ms. Neuman. 2009, yes, sir.    Ms. Neuman. Again, I can't speak to the many events and activities outside of the Department that may trigger a surge in FOIA requests. I can't speak to whether or not anyone is encouraging requests and whether those words of encouragement might increase the filing.    Ms. Neuman. I can't say that I am off the top of my head.    Ms. Neuman. At the end of fiscal year 2013.    Ms. Neuman. And if you might remind me what that is.    Ms. Neuman. I personally don't have awareness of the specific form that you're talking about. I would be happy to consult with my staff and get back to you.    Ms. Neuman. I'm not aware of specifics with respect to the processing of specific cases or specific types of cases.    Ms. Neuman. Absolutely.    Ms. Neuman. Absolutely.    Ms. Neuman. I'd happy to do that.    Ms. Neuman. Thank you.    Ms. Neuman. In my case, I don't want to get too far ahead of the independent review that I mentioned, we also are deploying technology because doing so does create efficiencies. But I can't dispute at this point the value of staff resources along with the enhanced use of technology.    Ms. Neuman. Well, certainly with the backlog, that has impacted the speed with which we can respond to requests and fulfill those requests. I will say that DHS processed 238,031 requests, up from 204,332 in fiscal year 2013, so that's a 16 percent increase in the number of processed FOIA requests from the previous fiscal year.    Is it where I would like to see it? No, of course not. I would like to see greater improvements precisely to fulfill the values of transparency and shining a light on executive branch operations, as you know, that's embodied in the statute.    Ms. Neuman. And our professionals are working very hard to fulfill those requests and shine that light.    Ms. Neuman. Well, let answer that this way. These are lean times for all Federal agencies, as you know.    Ms. Neuman. It is an interesting idea. I would have to give that some thought. And after doing so, I would be happy to share my thoughts with you.    Ms. Neuman. I do not have that yet.    Ms. Neuman. I'm sorry. I am not aware that it has been completed yet. I will check with my Deputy Chief FOIA Officer, and if it has, I will be happy to certainly provide it to you.    Ms. Neuman. Absolutely.    Ms. Neuman. Are you asking me a question?    Ms. Neuman. So the GAO report recommended that we finalize our interim FOIA regulation which embodies FOIA policy and guidance at the Department. The rulemaking process is underway. We are preparing to issue it for public comment, after which we will review the comments very carefully and the rule will be finalized.    Ms. Neuman. And the rule is really an implementing regulation. It is not intended, nor do I believe----    Ms. Neuman. Right.    Ms. Neuman. Yes. It is my understanding that with respect to the White House, this happens very infrequently.    Ms. Neuman. Very infrequently.    Ms. Neuman. Well, again, it is my understanding, and I don't process these requests or get involved in these kinds of consultations, but my understanding is that the kinds of requests we get don't involve, quote, White House equities. And, of course, when the request comes in, if there is an indication that it is a request for White House records or White House information, that would trigger the consultation.    Ms. Neuman. No, no. I am saying that we do, we follow DOJ-issued guidelines that require consultation not only with the White House----    Ms. Neuman. And we adhere to this memo in accordance with the DOJ guidance on that. We also report all such consultations publicly in our FOIA reports. So you asked a question about whether these consultations slow down or create additional delay in the process? I have implemented some procedures to try to minimize that delay or a delay associated with any consultations, including directing a senior professional member of my FOIA team to be the point of contact for those consultations.    Ms. Neuman. I would have to ask them.    Ms. Neuman. As was I while I was preparing for the hearing.    Ms. Neuman. Yes, Congressman Cummings. I really appreciate the question, and I have been giving it quite a bit of thought. In my case, in the case of my agency, it's somewhat difficult to say right now because we are in the midst of this independent review that I have commissioned.    I think it's really important that I personally understand what the actual systemic challenges are that are facing my agency so that not only we can understand how to address those, but so that we can communicate back with you about what it is we actually need, because it may be tempting to turn to what might seem like an obvious solution today, but that solution may not actually address what the actual problems are.    I do think that FOIA as a 40-plus-year-old statute may not have contemplated the kind of technology that's available not only to seek information, but to respond to those requests, and to that extent I think it's worthwhile considering how the statute might be updated. And otherwise, I think it's a very good question, and I'm interested in polling my FOIA unit along with that and the outcome of this review. I would be delighted to get back to you with my thoughts.