    Ms. Chu. Director Comey, I want to discuss with you a series of very troubling Federal investigations against Chinese American scientists, who are treated as spies, have their lives turned upside down, only to have all the charges dropped.    Most recently, we have a case of Dr. Xi Xiaoxing, an American citizen and well respected professor who was a chair of the Physics Department at Temple University.    He led a normal and peaceful life as a scientist, professor, and researcher with his two daughters and a wife in a quiet Pennsylvania neighborhood. He had no criminal record, no history of violence, just an average American in academia. But one day, at the break of dawn, about a dozen armed FBI agents stormed into his house with their guns drawn. He was handcuffed in his own home, and his two young daughters and wife in pajamas and directed outside of the house at gunpoint. The stated charge, wire fraud. However, in the interrogation, it was clear he was being accused of being a spy for China.    Since then, his life has been turned upside down. He lost his title as chair of the Physics Department. His reputation was irreparably damaged. His wife endured psychological and emotional trauma, as does his own whole family and himself, of course. And after all of this, the charges against Dr. Xi were dropped.    My understanding of cases of wire fraud is that generally people aren't even handcuffed, let alone arrested or paraded in font of their family or neighborhood as criminals at gunpoint. Rather, they've been given an opportunity to self-surrender, and if someone is being investigated for wire fraud, they are usually informed about such an investigation in a target letter.    But we know that Professor Xi is not alone. Sherry Chen was also recently arrested, a U.S. citizen, an employee of the National Weather Service in Ohio. She was arrested at her place of work, led in handcuffs past her coworkers to a Federal courthouse 40 miles away, where she was told she faced 25 years in prison and a million dollars in fines. Several months later, all the charges were dropped without any explanation.    This is reminiscent, of course, of Dr. Wen Ho Lee another U.S. citizen whose life was ruined when he was accused of being a spy for China, only to have 58 of the 59 charges dropped.    Let's not forget that during World War II, 120,000 Japanese Americans lost everything they had and were imprisoned in desolate camps because they were accused of being spies for Japan. Three-quarters of them were U.S. citizens. Seventy years later, not a single case of espionage was proven. I'm particularly concerned about this because there is a stereotype that Asian Americans are perpetual foreigners, no matter how long they've lived in this country.    So my question to you is, is this common practice to have a dozen armed FBI agents arrest someone for wire fraud, someone who is not a flight risk and poses no harm to law enforcement, or is there a presumption of guilt went it comes to Chinese Americans because they are viewed as spies for China?    Ms. Chu. Well, we understand that the threat of economic espionage is real, and we do not take it lightly. However, we want to make sure that in all cases, there is due process and that otherwise innocent Americans do not become suspicious simply because the person taking those actions have an ethnic surname.    Yet in the case of Professor Xi, his investigation came out of the blue. He had no idea he was being investigated, primarily because he did nothing wrong, as evidenced by the dropped charges.    Do you know how many Chinese Americans are being surveyed?    Ms. Chu. Well, I will personally follow up with you on this issue to figure out what is happening in cases like Professor Xi's and how we can make sure that no other American, regardless of their origin or background, endures this kind of egregious humiliation and shame.    And, with that, I yield back.