    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Sanctuary city policies have transformed some of our greatest American cities. I am increasingly frustrated by these policies that are consistently implemented in the name of ``unbiased and community-based'' policing, as Deputy Attorney General Gupta has said.    The ramifications for public safety and the inability for ICE to complete its mission are severe, and not only affect the cities, but the surrounding communities are impacted as well. While some of the witnesses today, including Deputy Attorney General Gupta, would like to ignore this fact, the simple truth is that immigration enforcement is a critical function of the United States Government and one that must be supported and not undermined in this form.    Much of this debate centers around the practical application of 8 USC 1373 and whether a city that has implemented sanctuary policies can simultaneously comply with this section of law.    Mr. Horowitz, based on your findings, what do you believe that 8 USC 1373 requires of local jurisdictions?    Mr. Labrador. So what do you make of the fact that Mr. Butterworth keeps saying that it complies, but nothing in their guidance says that they have the ability to request information?    Mr. Labrador. So it clearly doesn't fully comply. It seems to comply with (a), but not with (b).    Mr. Labrador. But it is a simple word.    Mr. Labrador. The missed ``request''--the word ``request'' is not in the policy, correct?    Mr. Labrador. Okay. And you believe that we may need to clarify this section, correct?    Mr. Labrador. Okay. Attorney General Landry, great to have you here. Thank you so much for the work that you are doing. Do you believe that by implementing these sanctuary policies, New Orleans, and in particular NOPD, are promoting public safety?    Mr. Labrador. Yeah.    Mr. Labrador. Is New Orleans a safer city today than before implementing these sanctuary policies?    Mr. Labrador. So as a law enforcement official, as someone who has served at both the Federal and State level, what do you believe is the appropriate relationship between local or State law enforcement and Federal immigration enforcement?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you. I yield back my time.