    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here today.    Today we are going to examine the critical role of career and technical education programs that prepare our Nation's students for success in college and career. Many of these programs are funded through the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006.    According to the Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce, in the next 5 years 65 percent of all jobs in the United States will require training beyond high school. In my home State of Ohio career and technical education is available at every public high school. Other States should follow Ohio's lead so career and technical education is available at every high school across this Nation.    The importance of CTE cannot be overstated. Its programs equip our Nation's students with the skills they need to succeed and in a rapidly evolving 21st century economy.    Unfortunately, after harmful sequestration cuts, public funding for CTE is at historic lows. It is clear that we should not continue to cut funding for critical programs like CTE that engage students with an integrated curriculum of core academic content and real world, work-based relevance. Instead, we must support high-quality CTE programs.    Currently, our Nation faces an unprecedented skills gap, and CTE programs are integral to closing that gap. We must do everything we can to maintain and strengthen these programs.    For many years, the Perkins Act has supported the development of CTE programs that cultivate in-demand skills among secondary and postsecondary students. We must do more to spur innovation with the delivery of CTE to reward and replicate programs achieving positive outcomes for students and industry and to ensure CTE is positioned to drive economic success through better workforce alignment and increased collaboration.    Reauthorization of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act presents this committee with an opportunity to ensure that all students are equipped with the skills to succeed in a rapidly evolving 21st century economy.    I look forward to hearing from our distinguished panel of witnesses and working with the majority to reauthorize the act. Further, I have received, Mr. Chairman, a letter from our colleague, Mr. Langevin, and he would like to enter it into the record.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much.    And, Dr. Major, my condolences as well.    I yield back.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, thank you for your testimony.    Dr. Ricks, you stated that 41 percent of minorities do not complete high school, which in my opinion highlights the disproportionately negative effect education policies have had on Black and Hispanic students.    The racial divide is compounded when funding streams for hands-on, short-term education and career training are cut. We do know that funding for Perkins has declined by 24 percent since 1998, and in particular because of sequestration over the last few years.    Can you tell me how these cuts have affected underrepresented students in CTE programs?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much.    Mr. Johnson, can you tell me about the availability of CTE instructors and what we can do to help support craft professionals to become CTE teachers?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much.    Dr. Major, can you provide us some insight as to how CTE programs can more effectively reach secondary school students and engage them in a career path?    Ms. Fudge. I certainly hope you all are successful, because the young people I know don't know how to do anything with their hands. So I'm hopeful that we'll still have electricians and plumbers and brick masons and all those people.    And with the last about 40 seconds that I have, Dr. Huftalin, you have seemingly been very successful at trying to predict the future and know what job skills are going to be needed. How do you do that?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all so much for being here.    I have for many years talked about the fact that America once again needs to build and make things. We have always been the Nation that everyone looked to for quality. And so we need people who are skilled to do this work.    Once we get back to being who we are as a Nation, certainly young people will have jobs, and they will see the alternatives that you are trying to present.    So I just hope that you are successful. And I certainly hope that this Congress moves forward to reauthorize this act and to once again understand who we are as a Nation, that we are the best, and that we need to continue to be the best by making sure we have a workforce that is able to keep us on the top.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.