    Mr. Gordy. Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, and distinguished members of the Personnel Subcommittee, thank you for your commitment to our warriors and their families, who continue to tirelessly serve and sacrifice in defense of our Nation. And thank you for the opportunity to share views on behalf of the Armed Forces Marketing Council regarding efforts to reform the commissary benefit.    As you are aware, to date there are no specific reforms that have been publicly proposed by the DOD since the NDAA was passed and signed into law last month, but from that law, we are very grateful for the committee's work to establish benchmarks for any potential reform efforts, which include ensuring high levels of customer satisfaction, the provision of high-quality products, and the sustainment of discount savings.    As we begin our discussion today, we believe it is helpful to remember that it was Congress who established this benefit as a non-pay compensation benefit for military personnel. The model that Congress forged is one that is as brilliant as it is simple: offering products at cost plus 6 percent to provide military families a non-pay compensation benefit.    While no specific formal proposals have been offered to the committee over the course of the past 2 years, suggestions have been offered for commissary reform by both the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Committee and the Boston Consulting Group that would alter the model. The suggestions call for a more complex operational model through untested and under-analyzed pricing schemes and adjustments to product assortment, which will require growth in both personnel and operational costs.    Since it is highly unlikely that appropriations will be increased to cover these costs, the revenue will have to be generated, and it can only come from one source, and that is the military family.    The suggestions that have been offered are based on assumptions that product and pricing schemes are manageable and would still offer a benefit to military families, but even the suggestions have a caveat that they need to be further analyzed. We agree. And we also believe that full spectrum analysis should be conducted on all efforts that would change DeCA's fundamental mission and seek to generate revenue from military families.    We also believe that accountability for the commissary benefit should remain with Congress. We hope that if the reform test pilots begin to fail to meet established benchmarks, and if the DOD fails to act in an expeditious manner to protect the benefit, that Congress will step in to do so.    We appreciate the committee's approach that permanent changes to title 10 will be based on concepts that are proven to be beneficial and efficacious to the long-term viability of the commissary benefit. Since commissaries are only one part of the military quality-of-life ecosystem on military bases, which also include the military exchanges and MWR programs, and that there is an interdependent relationship between these three organizations, we agree with Congress that any effort to reform commissaries should weigh the impacts on exchanges and MWR.    While the budgetary pressures of ongoing deficits and the sequester have forced DOD to make painful cuts to numerous programs, we recognize that resale is not immune to the pursuit of efficiencies. We have always held that efficiencies can be achieved within the commissary system, and should occur as long as they do not result in higher prices and diminished benefits for military families.    We agree with DOD's Deputy Chief Management Officer, Peter Levine, that efficiencies should drive the budget, and are encouraged by this new approach within DOD.    As we consider commissary reform, it is important to remember the words of Lee Scott, the former CEO and current board member of Walmart, who said, rule number one of retailing is don't aggravate your customer. Unfortunately, some have learned this truth the hard way. Two examples include Walmart's clean store policy and JC Penny's attempt to offer everyday low prices to its customers, both of which resulted in significant sales declines and the firing of senior leaders. They listened to their consultants and even their customer surveys, but the changes ended up aggravating customers, who either purchased less and/or shopped elsewhere. Therefore, we approach reform efforts cautiously due to these recent real world examples which demonstrate how sensitive the retail marketplace is to change.    As BCG discovered, even a 5 percent increase in prices in the commissary would result in 26 percent decrease in traffic. In other words, to generate $143 million in revenue would cost DeCA $1.3 billion in lost sales. That should serve as caution to anyone interested in commissary reform that efforts should be fully analyzed and evaluated and carefully implemented. Thus, reform efforts should be a game of inches, proceeding slowly and only implementing concepts that can be easily reversed if negative effects begin to occur.    Chairman Heck, I look forward to your questions in discussing specific suggestions for reform with you and the committee. I yield back.    Mr. Gordy. I would say the top two items of concern for us related to the BCG report would be the private label products and variable pricing.    First of all, the private label product, the main concern there is currently you have name brand products being put into the stores, and for those products to get into that store, as Mr. Nixon said in his opening testimony, there is about $500 million of industry support that goes to ensure that those products are stocked. Well, first of all, that they are ordered, that they are stocked, that they are marketed, that they are promoted. These are activities that take place in every commissary every single day that is funded by industry.    To institute a private label product is going to have two effects: number one, DeCA is now going to have to--what makes private label successful in the civilian marketplace is the amount of actual marketing that goes into getting the patron to buy those products. So DeCA is now going to have to add to their cost and add to their staffing people who have to go out and market these products. Then they are also going to have somebody stock those products. And then they will have someone go in there and then they will have to do the promotions and the other--the displays and things like that to get the patrons to buy them.    Well, if DeCA is now going to take on those functions within the store, which is currently being provided by industry today, and these products are going to compete with the national brands, the national brand manufacturers are going to say, if DeCA is now going to provide this in-store support, which we are currently providing today, which we don't provide to any other retailer, then we are no longer going to provide it for DeCA.    So that is a conversation that has not taken place. No one has asked the manufacturers what will change. If you look at the BCG report, they list all the people that they consulted. They did not consult the industry, who are the third leg of the three-legged stool of delivery of this benefit. So they are missing a major piece of the pie here.    And in order to make variable pricing work within the commissary, they are going to have to institute variable pricing, which allows DeCA now to raise prices on products. This becomes a slippery slope. Today DOD can say, we are going to keep our hands tightly held on this and we are only going to do what--generate enough revenue just to help offset a little bit of cost. We don't know what will happen 5 to 10 years from now with the future leaders within DOD.    Mr. Gordy. Absolutely. You know, even if you take a look at the Boston Consulting Group's report, they lay out that DeCA is going to have to first bring in a manager, and then they are going to have to bring in analysts to manage--the way that they characterize it is you need one analyst for every two categories, and there are numerous categories within the commissary. So how many of these analysts are going to be required to be able to do this?    Then you have to manage the savings. The way the savings, according to their survey, they went outside the gate at some commissaries, particular ones, and they measured the price of goods around each base that they tested. Well, you can't do that at every single base. How much time and effort is that going to take to maintain that level of savings comparatively to outside the gate at each base?    So some of the challenge of price rationalization, particularly trying to raise prices in certain parts of the country and then lower it in other parts of the country, that is going to take a lot of work to be able to pull off.    Mr. Gordy. Sure. You know, what is really interesting about this is why we are here, it has all been driven by the budget, and so much of what is in DeCA's budget are things that DeCA will never be able to make more efficient, because it is money that they give to other programs within the Department of Defense, such as on-base support, which they can't control how efficient those things are or whether or not those costs get reduced.    I think if we are going to change the model from what we have today from having national name brand products at cost plus 6 percent--1 percent for spoilage, 5 percent for surcharge--if we are going to abandon that model to move to a more complex model, we need to make sure that we have covered every area and understand every potential cost and every potential risk that might be faced as we move forward.    Not say that these things shouldn't be tested, but they should be tested in small bits, and making sure that if these things start to fail, that we pull back. So that would be my----    Mr. Gordy. I would just have to echo what he was saying, Mr. Nixon was saying. I mean, if you take a look at the exchanges, the--particularly AP's just went through a restructuring, they were looking at about having a $50 million dividend. They went through a restructuring. Their dividend is now back in the--or remained in the $200 million level, or close to that. So there are things that can be done inhouse that have no impact. It is just about running it more efficiently. So----    Mr. Gordy. Mr. Chairman, the way, you know, I look at the price rationalization is, again, you are going to have winners and losers, and in the areas where there is going to be the loser, people that, for instance, here in the Northern Virginia area, people in the San Diego area, people in Pearl Harbor, they are going to see the cost of the products go up.    Now, most of us have a grocery budget, right? If the prices go up in the commissary doesn't mean our budget goes up; it means we still spend the same amount of money on groceries whether, you know, if something is 5 percent higher or whether it is 5 percent lower. That budget is the budget.    For the families in these higher cost areas, they are going to end up having to--they are going to end up buying less, and that is part of the challenge, in these areas, where BCG said even a 5 percent price increase will result in a 26 percent reduction in traffic. So we have to measure, if we are going to increase the price 1 percent, 2 percent, 3 percent, what is going to be the adverse impact.    And then when they also talk about rationalizing prices across categories. Now, I will tell you, I came and dropped my testimony off on Monday. I was on my way home. I said, oh, I am near Fort Myer, let me pop into the commissary. I called my wife, what do we need? She said stock up on meat. And they are talking about raising prices on meat. My wife knows, if there wasn't a good deal on meat, she wouldn't tell me to stop at the commissary and do that, but that is what a lot of military families do, they stock up at the commissaries.    And if the prices go up in these high-cost areas and it doesn't make sense to drive, for me it is 27 miles to the nearest commissary from my house, and my wife and I--every 2 months we go to a commissary and we stock up. We bought a freezer for that purpose. If the prices go up, it doesn't make it worth the trip anymore. And so that is the challenge that many military families are going to have to--that is the question that they are going to have to ask themselves, is it now worth the trip.