    Mr. Easterly. Thank you, Chairman Shimkus and Ranking Member Tonko and members of the subcommittee.    Good morning. My name is Thomas Easterly, and I am the commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management, also known as IDEM, and I bring you greetings from Governor Pence of Indiana also. And we appreciate the opportunity to share Indiana's views on the EPA's final coal combustion residuals rule, which we call ``CCR'' on occasion.    I am also representing the Environmental Council of the States, which we call ``ECOS,'' whose members are the leaders of the State and territorial environmental protection agencies.    ECOS has worked on the CCR issue for many years, and our resolution on CCR regulation was first passed in 2008 and has been reaffirmed as recently as 2013. While EPA's final rule responds to some of the concerns outlined in ECOS's resolution, other longtime State concerns remain unaddressed.    As an initial point, I express agreement with EPA's finding that coal ash is not a hazardous waste and that coal ash can be safely and beneficially reused. EPA's use of RCRA Subtitle D for coal ash is consistent with ECOS's resolutions.    As a longtime regulator, I have observed firsthand the tragic adverse environmental and human health impacts of CCR surface impoundment failures. These structural engineering failures devastate people's lives, destroy property, and contaminate natural resources. The EPA's self-implementing rule contains robust national structural integrity provisions which should result in a meaningful reduction in CCR impoundment failures in the future.    The rule also creates a consistent national set of requirements, many of which are already in place in various States, to prevent adverse environmental impacts to our water and air. Units unable to meet the new criteria will have to close. So they will be solving the problem.    Most important to IDEM and other States is that EPA's final rule explicitly recognizes the major role State regulatory agencies currently have and should continue to maintain in overseeing CCR. However, by finalizing a self-implementing rule that can only be enforced through citizen supervisions of RCRA, the role of State regulation, oversight, and enforcement will be significantly marginalized.    EPA envisions that the key State role in this program will be maintained by States amending their solid waste management plans to incorporate the new Federal requirements. EPA expects that, once approved by EPA, the amended plans will receive deference by the courts and citizens.    While the requirements of the rule are self-implementing for the regulated units, the rule schedules and requires States to achieve final solid waste management plan amendment, with EPA approval, on a schedule which cannot be met by many States, including Indiana.    In order to ensure transparency, Indiana's laws require my agency, IDEM, to have four public notices, with associated comment periods, for new regulatory action. This public process normally takes at least 18 months, yet some of the self-implementing deadlines in this regulation are as short as 6 months, making it impossible for Indiana to have regulations in place to implement those portions of the rule.    Yet, after the State plan is amended and approved by EPA, the new CCR rules will remain independently enforceable through RCRA citizen suits in Federal district courts. EPA does not have the legal authority under RCRA Subtitle D to delegate the new rules to the States.    I would now like to address the need for a legislative amendment to RCRA on CCR issues.    ECOS testified before this committee in April 2013 in support of the bipartisan efforts in the House and Senate to create a Federal program that allows States to regulate coal-ash management and disposal under a set of Federal standards created directly by Congress and implemented by the States.    Legislation still would be beneficial in several ways to achieving this goal. First, legislation could codify EPA's determination that coal ash is nonhazardous and get the going-back-and-forth concern done forever. Second, State programs simply cannot operate in place of the Federal program without legislation. Third, legislation can add certainty to the process of EPA approving State solid waste management plans by making clear the criteria EPA would apply to determine whether a State program meets the Federal CCR standards. And, fourth, legislation could enhance and clarify enforcement of CCR requirements.    Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, and members of the subcommittee, I thank you for the opportunity to present my views and those of ECOS to you today, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Easterly. OK. Yes, other States will have that problem. Some States may or may not have the right authority. Some States, the rules have to go through the legislature before they can actually go into effect.    In my State, I have to publish a first notice with a 30-day comment period that I am going to do a rule; a second notice with the words of the rule in it with another 30-day comment period. Then I have to publish a notice of a hearing in front of the environmental rules board for preliminary adoption; then one for final adoption. Then the attorney general gets days to review it, the Governor gets days to review it, and the secretary of state publishes it. And it takes 18 months.    Mr. Easterly. And the thing that would help by having a Federal law--and certainly the EPA rules will help--is that there are a number of States, luckily not including my own, where it is not allowed to have a more stringent than the regulation in the Federal Government, so having this Federal rule and then having a law that says ``you must do this,'' I think, will help a lot so that those States will have this program implemented at the State level.    And you are right, at the State level, we have people on the ground, in the field for the citizens to talk to, and they certainly can come, in our case, to Indianapolis, and they have legislators out there, and they do have a lot of input.    Mr. Easterly. They are not implementing yet, but when they----    Mr. Easterly. We sent in comments. Certainly, at ECOS, we had a number of discussions with them of what we would like to see. And some of it is in, and some of it is not.    Mr. Easterly. Well, we would like to have subtitle D. We, along with other people, are disappointed at the way it is being implemented.    Mr. Easterly. I personally don't think it is certain when you say that you are going to reopen it. In history, EPA has changed, for example, the maximum contaminant levels in drinking water, which since the hazardous waste leachate test is 100 times that standard, suddenly makes something that used to be nonhazardous into hazardous. And I think that can change at any time in the future, and all businesses have to asses that risk and what could happen to them.    Mr. Easterly. It is going down, but I think it is still over 85 percent. It might be over 90.