    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Rodriguez, it seems to me that the President's words and actions are having an unfortunate impact on both immigration levels and on immigration policy. For example, the President's proposed amnesty led to a surge last year in illegal immigrants coming from Central America, and we're seeing a similar surge today.    The President's proposed changes in our Cuban policies have led to a recent surge in Cubans particularly coming across our southern border. Now, they are not illegal immigrants, but the point is it has led to a surge as a result of his policies.    Because of this Administration's lack of enforcing current laws, the number of sanctuary cities has doubled under this Administration. All that is worrisome to me, as is the Administration's policy toward Syrian refugees, which is what I want to ask you about.    In regard to those applying for asylum from Syria, do you feel that we are able to get as much information about their backgrounds as we are applicants for asylum from other countries?    Mr. Smith. Right. But you say generally you think we're getting as much information and there's as much data?    Mr. Smith. Okay.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Well, initially, you said you thought we were getting the same. You're aware, of course, of the FBI Director saying that we are not getting the same amount of data on Syrian refugees as we are other individuals.    Mr. Smith. Are you aware that the Director of FBI said that?    Mr. Smith. Okay.    Mr. Smith. No, no. And I'm not implying that.    The Director of FBI said, ``My concern about bringing Syrian refugees into the United States is that there are certain gaps I don't want to talk about publicly in the data available to us.''    As a result of that, do you think it is more risky to admit individuals from Syria than other countries because we don't have as much information? Or do you think there's no more risk involved in admitting individuals from Syria?    Mr. Smith. No, no.    Mr. Smith. That wasn't my question. I wasn't asking you about general risk. I was asking you, specifically, is it riskier to admit individuals applying for asylum from Syria than from other countries.    Mr. Smith. Right. I understand that, but that doesn't count for anything if there's no information available. If you don't have good data, you don't have a good result, no matter how good the process is. I'm not questioning the process.    Mr. Smith. Is your denial rate for those applying for refugee status from Syria a higher denial rate than other countries? And, if so, what is the rate?    Mr. Smith. Yeah.    Mr. Smith. I understand that. What was the answer to my question, what is the denial rate for those applying from Syria versus the denial rate for those applying from other countries?    Mr. Smith. Twenty percent denial?    Mr. Smith. So you admit 80 percent of the refugees from Syria.    Mr. Smith. Okay.    Mr. Smith. Okay. Seems to me, you know, for a group that seems to be riskier and a group on which you have less information than those applying for refugee status from other countries, it seems to me that that is a dangerously high admission rate.    Mr. Smith. Right.    Mr. Smith. I understand.    Mr. Smith. Okay.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.