    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. Good morning. I thank the Chairman very much. I thank the Ranking Member for this very valuable hearing. I recall that this subcommittee, Madame Chairman, and Ranking Member have really been on point on the Visa Waiver issue.    As you may recall, we did a hearing in September 2014. Really, seems as if we have been doing a number of things, and even passed a bill if I recall when we did the border security bill that we were very concerned about the issue of Visa Waiver.    To the witnesses, let me thank you for your testimony and mention that this hearing is more potent probably in this time and era than ever--that we have ever had questions of Visa Waiver Programs. I have seen this over my years of service in the United States Congress. As we note, our friend and ally Turkey, continually in the spotlight because of its border and relationship--or its relationship to Syria. Whether or not it is Denver teenagers leaving and going through Turkey or London teenagers going through Turkey, then we know for sure that foreign fighters can travel, and particularly those who have Visa Waiver structures in their own countries.    I would like to ask unanimous consent to put into the record H.R. 48, Madame Chairman. It is a bill that I hope that we can work on together in the Homeland Security Committee, both this committee, it is to review a--to require a review of the completeness of the Terrorist Screening Database maintained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the derivatives terrorist watch list utilized by the Transportation Security Administration and for other purposes.    Ms. Jackson Lee. The other purposes includes this question of Visa Waiver. I think that we would be in a strong position to move forward on legislation like that.    Let me focus my questioning, Mr. Jenkins and others who may wish to answer. Please, steer me if I am making a misstatement. But I believe the Terrorist Center Database and the watch list is not created or maintained by DHS. This is done by intelligence agencies; is that correct? So I have a concern that the data sharing from the Visa Waiver Program nations has to be shared with the DHS through the terrorist screening database and watch list.    The premise of my statement is that you are all four here raising important concerns. I know there is a value to the Visa Waiver Program, because I know that Poland for decades has been asking to participate, and others in this program. The long list continues to have countries that wish to be part of it.    So my question is--let me start with Mr. Jenkins. I heard a comment being made at the table that this administration doesn't keep a list. Having served just a few years in the Congress, I can say administrations don't really keep after visa waivers. That is why the United States Congress continues to have these hearings.    So Mr. Jenkins, since we are problem solvers, I would ask--you just heard the premise of my legislation--a greater sharing of the database with the Department of Homeland Security and some infrastructure dealing with Visa Waiver lists, overstays, to really get us in the business of Visa Waiver, making it work, but also protecting the Nation.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, I will follow up with that. It should not be an impediment. But I think there is no intent in my question to suggest that the management be switched. The intent of my question is to indicate that DHS does not manage it. So it is an agency that has responsibility for domestic security. I believe there should be a more structured role for DHS in the sharing--or in the handling of the list. So I always think that we can improve the quickness, the accuracy of the list. I think the Department of Homeland Security should be engaged in that.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Yes.    Ms. Jackson Lee. If I just may conclude, I will just end on this note. I see my time is over. I thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member for their indulgence.    As we train Customs and Border Protection and Border Patrol Agents always put it in the context of the Constitutional protections that we have, citizens may be caught up in the movement in and out of the country.    But the other point is that I think the premise of the Visa Waiver Program is good, but we live in a different world. The very point that you made I think is an important instruction and one that I think can be modeled in this committee and used with H.R. 48 as a framework to have that gathering of layered coming together of the agencies to make a surefooted way of addressing the Visa Waiver Program, of keeping it, but as well ensuring that it is a program that does not have the loopholes that many of us see.    I thank you for your testimony. I hope, Madam Chairman, that our friend Turkey, our ally, that we can begin to work with them as other countries on some of the challenges that they are facing and some of the challenges that are posed because of their geographic location. I yield back.