    Ms. Kruse. Chairman Scott, Ranking Member Scott, and Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. My name is Tara Kruse, and I am Co-Head of Data Reporting and FpML at the International Swaps and Derivatives Association.    A central component of the G20 commitments in Pittsburgh was the reporting of derivatives to trade repositories in order to increase transparency and enable regulators to spot risk concentrations. Recognizing derivative markets are global, the G20 committed to use consistent standards in order to avoid fragmentation and regulatory arbitrage.    Substantial efforts have been made toward realizing these commitments. Today, derivatives trades in the United States are reported to trade repositories. An increasing number of transactions are reported globally.    Despite these advancements, U.S. regulators have struggled to fully understand and optimize the data being reported and are not in a position to have a complete picture of either domestic or global risk exposures. This visibility is impeded by the failure to use globally consistent standards that facilitate efficient, accurate data reporting that is suitable for aggregation and systemic risk analysis.    Contributing to the challenge is the fact that each regulator has developed a unique set of reporting requirements and devised its own list of reportable data fields. This not only makes reporting complex and more costly for derivatives users, but it means the data cannot be aggregated to obtain a clear view of global derivatives trading activity.    Let me illustrate this important point with a very simple analogy. Imagine if every car dealership in the United States and around the world was required to report basic facts about each and every car that it sold, including the car's size. Due to differences in regulatory oversight of these dealerships, some dealers reported size as the car's weight. Others as the number of passengers it held, yet others as its length or its horsepower.    The solution is for regulators to work together and with the industry to agree on a core list of systemically important data fields that are reported in a consistent manner based on existing data and messaging standards. ISDA stands ready to help in this regard. We have worked to develop standard taxonomies and standard messaging language, and we are currently leading an industry initiative to develop standard product identifiers.    ISDA and its members would suggest several concrete steps that could be taken to improve data reporting and systemic risk monitoring, while at the same time reducing the cost and complexity for market participants.    First, CPMI-IOSCO should lead global data harmonization. Agreement on common data standards should be achieved in coordination with the efforts of the Harmonization Group of global regulators established by CPMI and IOSCO. This group has issued consultations on standard transaction and product identifiers, as well as reportable data elements. Consistency on these standards is key to achieving greater harmonization. It is important the CFTC and SEC are aligned with this global initiative and do not engage in further overlapping and potentially contradictory data proposals.    Second, data fields should be specified and based on existing market standards. Regulators should work with industry to ensure regulatory requirements closely align with prevailing industry-defined terms and practices. All data elements required by regulators to meet their objectives should be explicitly specified in the regulations. Existing derivatives messaging standards, such as Financial products Markup Language, or FpML, should be leveraged where possible.    Third, domestic regulators should align on data rules. Given that both the CFTC and the SEC developed reporting rules in response to the same piece of legislation, the rationale for issuing different requirements is difficult to comprehend. The split between swaps and security-based swaps undermines the ability of the Commissions to aggregate their data and provide Congress with a holistic view of risk in the U.S. derivatives market.    Finally, reporting requirements should be rationalized and streamlined. Regulators should determine what data they need to monitor systemic risk and simplify reporting requirements accordingly. Certain data fields are currently required to be reported or proposed to be required that offer little insight into risk. This increases the volume of data that needs to be analyzed, to little benefit, and increases the cost and complexity of reporting which in turn undermines data quality. Regulators should agree on a meaningful set of globally consistent data fields that enables them to meet their regulatory objectives. Regulators should also assign the sole responsibility for both the reporting of data and the accuracy of the data for a transaction to a single party which is best situated to do so, thereby reducing the cost and burden to end-users.    Thank you for inviting me to speak today on this important topic. ISDA is a strong proponent of improving the accuracy, consistency, and efficiency of transaction reporting while mitigating its costs and burdens. We stand ready to help. Thank you.    Ms. Kruse. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I can start. I think it is, back to the statement that was made earlier, these are global markets, and you may have market participants in your jurisdiction that trade transactions that may seem explicit to the U.S. markets. But in fact, a lot of their trading activity and many of their affiliates may cross over into other regions. And so to understand really the risk that that particular entity and its affiliates hold, you need to have a broader view of trading activity.    Ms. Kruse. Congressman, yes. I would absolutely agree with that. I think sometimes we go in the wrong direction. There is a misconception that more data is better data. But it is better to stick with a core set of data fields that allow you to understand the market risk of the transactions and focus on improving those before looking to expand the requirements.    Ms. Kruse. Sure, thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is a very good question. The conventions, the key ones, are the following: There are the product definitions that have been published and developed over time that are used by market participants to agree to the terms of their transactions and confirm the terms of the transactions. They establish terminology and definitions for terminology that frankly just are the market standard for how derivatives are agreed and confirmed. Yet those terms and the definitions that underlie them aren't being consistently used in leverage. Instead, you have regulators creating new terms to represent the same information or defining it differently which isn't really economically what was agreed between the parties.    Also from an electronic representation, there are standard ways to represent some of this data. A lot of that is in the Financial products Markup Language. This is an open-source electronic messaging scheme that is used by market participants, even before there were reporting requirements to electronically confirm the trades. So there already is a mechanism to represent consistently for instance things like business day conventions established in these, or certain dates and payment types, et cetera. And those values are not necessarily being leveraged and reflected in the regulatory requirements. Instead, regulators start fresh and kind of reinvent the wheel to come up with their own values. If you go back to these standards and regulators align to them, it not only increases the efficiency of reporting but increases the consistency between the regulatory requirements.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Scott?    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman. So this morning we have heard from the panel, Ms. Kruse, Collazo, and you, Mr. Gil, that we have global regulators that are working together with the CPMI-IOSCO Data Harmonization Working Group, and they will propose guidelines for harmonizing derivatives data across all of the nine jurisdictions, according to Ms. Collazo, and that work streams are taking place on data elements such as the unique trade identification, unique product identification, and other data elements.    So then I have to turn to you, Mr. Rogers, and ask you, once this working group, as your three fellow panelists have laid out, puts out its recommendations, which I understand is expected later this year, will you, the CFTC, heed those recommendations?    Ms. Kruse. Thank you, Congressman. I mean, the real pitfall is that it is very inefficient trade. It also creates a lack of clarity. It allows participants to interpret the data in a different way, potentially report it in a different way, in a different way than they might have agreed to trade or the way they might have confirmed it bilaterally between themselves.    Ideally, if you want good quality data, you want the data to be provided to the regulators and viewed by the regulators in the same terminology and in the same form and as close to the same form as the parties agreed to it between themselves to begin with.    Ms. Kruse. Yes. That is correct. I mean, a lot of the issues you see with data quality are not attributed to the fact that the parties don't agree on the terms of the trade. They have confirmed the trade. They have legal certainty. It is the way the data is transformed differently by parties sometimes due to technological differences in their systems, sometimes due to different interpretations of what is required or asked for by the regulator that ends up showing it is very----    Ms. Kruse. I think it is more so about the regulators adopting what is already available from an industry perspective because parties use those standards to provide the information to the regulator, and then the regulator can leverage and benefit from those existing standards. It ought to save them a lot of work, and it ought to provide a mechanism for more consistent data.    Ms. Kruse. I would say--it is a great question. I would say that it is more about enabling the standard to evolve and that the regulation recognizes that governance framework so that as changes occur in the market, the data is consistently being updated on a global basis.    Ms. Kruse. Thank you, Congressman. I mean, we definitely feel that they are expanding. That is right. I would really question the idea that the 120 fields in the technical specification are all priority fields. Many of these are new fields. There are probably a couple dozen of them that are brand new fields which is an expansion of reporting requirements. At this point in time people feel it is more important to focus on improving the data fields that are already required by the Commission and making those more useful rather than looking to expand the scope of the requirements.    Ms. Kruse. That is for me, Congressman. Thank you for the question. Yes, it could take significant time. I mean, one of the concerns that we really have is that we don't want jurisdiction-specific implementations. We want the global initiative at CPMI-IOSCO to play out, and to the extent that there are changes that are necessary to promote consistency, which there probably will be, then the industry is very willing to do that. But they want to do it in a globally coordinated fashion. It is very expensive and inefficient to have interim jurisdiction-specific changes to regulations, especially if those might then be superseded by the global mandates.    Ms. Kruse. Thank you for the question, Congressman. It is an excellent one and one that I have been quite concerned about. We have been working with the SEC in providing comment to them as they have worked to finalize their rules. And one of the major comments that our members have continued to put forward is that the SEC should be working to try and align with the CFTC to the greatest extent possible.    What it means for our participants is a great deal of additional cost and inefficiency because they have to build out different reporting pipelines, different reporting logic, different reporting data fields for their securities-based swaps as they are currently reporting for their swaps. It also creates a great deal of expense for trade repositories that are looking to support it. That cost gets passed back to the market participants.    The SEC also has a requirement that goes to the end-users, very specifically they are looking for the party who is not responsible primarily for reporting to supplement the data with unique identification codes like trader IDs and trading desk IDs which amounts to requiring these parties to be onboard to all of the trade repositories and building out their own pipelines to report additional data.