    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Congressman Amodei, for bringing this issue forward.    I was in the Army but too late for Vietnam. I did come in in 1972, but when I came out of the pipeline, they weren't sending any ground troops to Vietnam anymore. And I later transferred to the Marine Corps and then left Active Duty. And an assignment I had as reservist at one time was to go through the files of those missing in action in Vietnam from Colorado and contact the families and give them an update. Well, there really wasn't much of an update. It was just--but the Marine Corps felt that they wanted to have--maintain strong communications with the family. So even though there wasn't new information, that there was a requirement to contact the families of those missing in action.    In going through the files from--and I can't remember what the total number was, probably--I know there was more than 20. And I would say they were all aviation accidents--or aviation incidents, save one that was the Mayaguez incident where there were some--there were marines that were not accounted for in the evacuation of the U.S. citizens on the Mayaguez post-Vietnam in the aftermath of our involvement in the Vietnam War.    But I--you know, it would be, like, helicopter went down South China Sea, bodies not recovered. And so I think that to me, this monument represents those who are--you know, in very high casualties, I think you said, 10 percent of the casualties in Vietnam. And as a first Gulf War in Iraq war veteran, when I compare the casualties of Vietnam to the casualties that we faced, I mean, quite frankly, they were losing during the height of the--1967, 1968, 1969. They averaged a thousand killed in action a month in the war in Vietnam, which is extraordinary.    So I just feel that this--and the fact is that air mobility was central to the war and to prosecuting the war in Vietnam. And so I think that it is fitting that we have a memorial specific to that in Arlington.    So I would ask to be put down as a cosponsor on your bill. I suppose that is not normal to do that during the hearing, but I thank you so much for bringing this forward.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Do we--so this hasn't been scored in terms of the actual cost of this, not to DOD , but to Treasury?    Mr. Coffman. I don't see why those--I am on TRICARE.    Mr. Coffman. But I didn't come on until age 60 because I have a Reserve retirement. But for those people on Active Duty, they will come off--you know, they can be 40, they can be as young as--well, they can be as young as 38. But probably the average age for somebody serving 20 years would probably be around 42, 43, 44 years old. And so, you know, if they don't want to take the benefit of TRICARE, if they want to delay that benefit and go with an HSA, they ought to be able to do that, I would think.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.