    Mr. Conaway. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here. General Austin, CENTCOM commander, said to the Senate Armed Services Committee that additional capabilities are going to be necessary to take Raqqa and Mosul, including additional U.S. personnel, intelligence, logistics, other advise-and-assist teams.    Do you agree with General Austin on the assessment that additional U.S. troops on the ground in Iraq and Syria are going to be necessary to take Mosul and Raqqa, and will you personally support that----    Mr. Conaway. Well, we have got to have Raqqa as well. ABC is reporting that the----    Mr. Conaway . Brussels came out of Raqqa.    Mr. Conaway. Let me pivot to something that is a little more mundane, but nevertheless important, and that is auditing.    Mr. Conaway. I worry that--oh, by the way, Michael McCord, thank you for the report from your group on where everything stands right now. I don't necessarily want to go into the details of that, but thanks for getting that over to the committee in response to the NDAA.    Can you talk to us about transition to a new civilian leadership team next year and the impact that might have on the affordable minimum with respect to getting this audit process done by the deadlines? I worry that the impact from, you know--Leon Panetta started this deal; Hagel kept it up. Secretary Carter, you are full throated in favor of it. Are there risks that a new civilian team might not have the same emphasis?    And, General Dunford, will you comment on the military's side of that issue as well?    Mr. Conaway. Well, I appreciate that. And I hope our Senate colleagues during the confirmation process, whoever is doing that next time, will make that clear.    And just to be sure, the resources necessary to move this forward are in this budget, the requests?    Mr. Conaway. General Dunford, did you want to comment on the need for additional U.S. troops to counter ISIL and actually defeat them in Mosul and in Raqqa?    General Dunford. Yes. Congressman, I fully support the comments that General Austin has made and that the Secretary has endorsed. We have from the very beginning said that we would recommend whatever capabilities are necessary to maintain momentum and achieve the end state. And I do assess that to be successful in both Raqqa and Mosul and beyond, we are going to need additional capabilities. And at the right time, we will be prepared to provide that recommendation to the President.    Mr. Conaway. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. McCord, let me warn you, I promised Mr. Conaway, we are going to do a briefing or hearing on the audit issue, and it will be talking with you and the other folks about dates for that, but it is something that Mr. Conaway is going to stay on our case till we see it all the way through, and I think----    Mr. Conaway. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman . A lot of us are committed to doing that.    Ms. Bordallo.