    Dr. Tabak. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Castor and distinguished members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear before you today to discuss how the NIH implements biosafety and biosecurity measures for high-containment laboratories.    I know I speak for Dr. Collins when I say that our concerns for safety must equal our passion for research. I can attest that senior leadership at the NIH is committed to the principle that safety lapses provide concrete opportunities for thorough critical self-assessment and self-improvement.    NIH has an important mission to conduct research that will lead to the development of treatments, diagnostics and vaccines to address public health needs including medical counter measures.    The study of biologic-select agents and toxins is necessary to develop new interventions with the potential to save millions of lives. NIH also recognizes the importance of ensuring that the research is conducted in the safest manner possible.    In the summer of 2014, six sealed decades-old ampules of smallpox were found in a cold storage room in an FDA laboratory building located on the NIH campus. The presence of smallpox was alarming to the entire NIH community and initiated much action on the part of NIH leadership.    Upon making this discovery, all of the proper notifications and security steps were taken. The CDC and the FBI were contacted and joint custody of the ampules was transferred to the CDC.    NIH has established protocols and procedures which included proper training regarding select agent handling ensured that at no time was anyone on campus or the public at risk.    NIH takes this incident very seriously and we have implemented new policies and procedures to prevent such an event from occurring again.    First, NIH identified and inventoried all potential hazardous biological material stored in all NIH-owned and leased facilities. During this sweep, which took place from July through September 2014, nearly 35 million samples were inventoried.    Additionally, NIH and other Federal agencies launched a National biosafety stewardship month. Extramurally funded institutions were asked to voluntarily join the Federal laboratories and reviewing their procedures, training and inventories of infectious agents and toxins.    Longer term, NIH has strengthened our inventory management controls. We have developed and implemented the potentially hazardous biological material management plan which addresses accountability at all levels of NIH. The plan establishes a mandatory centralized database of all potentially hazardous biological materials as well as procedures for annual updates of inventories and random audits of laboratories' hazardous biological holdings.    Each institute and center was required to appoint an individual to be responsible for common shared use and storage areas and there are new policies in place requiring participation of personnel who work in secure select agent laboratories.    In February 2015, the external laboratory safety work group to the CDC advisory committee to the director reviewed our policies and practices.    The ELSW affirmed that NIH's response to the discovery of smallpox was prototypical and that NIH had implemented all of the recommendations made. The report states, and I quote, ``The NIH intramural DOHS program is a model program for institutions supporting extramural NIH research as well as for other institutions and agencies.''    The GAO review of high-containment laboratories that we meet here today to discuss found NIH's policies for laboratory management to be comprehensive. NIH implemented all of the GAO's recommendations and we addressed all of the six elements that the GAO identified as being key.    In closing, as principal deputy director of the NIH, I can assure this subcommittee that the senior leadership at NIH took appropriate action in 2014 and continues to act today to ensure the safety of the public and the scientist whose mission it is to find new ways to enhance health, lengthen life and reduce illness and disability.    We remain committed to preserving the public's trust and NIH-supported research activities through best safety practices and strong leadership.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Tabak. That was discovered afterwards, yes.    Dr. Tabak. Yes, sir.    Dr. Tabak. We did conduct and investigation at that time to ascertain where the samples were derived from and who had the samples, and then subsequently reviewed samples from everybody who was a registered user of bacillus anthracis and then following that a survey of all investigators who were registered for select agents.    Dr. Tabak. Yes, sir.    Dr. Tabak. It's been our policy not to initiate investigations of this type while there's an ongoing investigation from either the FBI and/or the IG.    Dr. Tabak. We understand that we are not supposed to compromise those investigations in any way.    Dr. Tabak. We held off on what has been termed the root cause analysis. But we did not stand by idly. We did in fact institute many additional procedures to enhance the safety of what we were doing.    Dr. Tabak. Again, it was an ongoing IG investigation and in fact we still have not been formally notified by the IG that that investigation is closed.    Dr. Tabak. Absolutely.    Dr. Tabak. Yes, sir.    Dr. Tabak. To my knowledge, they did not.    Dr. Tabak. It is. The reason they did not open them at the time is that they were not registered to work with that particular agent in the laboratory where they were brought.    Dr. Tabak. The laboratory was not registered and so they needed to file an amendment so that they could in fact work with those agents.    Dr. Tabak. That is correct. It has been described to me as a clerical error that indeed they did know that there were 39 vials but unfortunately it was transcribed inaccurately, and so that's my understanding of it.    Dr. Tabak. I may be misspeaking but, yes, there was a difference of, I believe, seven vials.    Dr. Tabak. I do not know the answer to that.    Dr. Tabak. Indeed, and this is why they were treated as select agents and contained. But I will find out the answer for the record, sir.    Dr. Tabak. Ultimately, to the director of the NCI.    Dr. Tabak. They report up to the scientific director of the NCI Frederick and then in turn that individual reports up to the director of the NCI who, of course, reports up to the director of NIH.    Dr. Tabak. In the case of the NCI Frederick they have this separate reporting chain. Everything else is centralized in one place.    Dr. Tabak. I do indeed.    Dr. Tabak. I notify Dr. Collins when there are variations--if there are issues that are problematic.    Dr. Tabak. The responsible official reports through a chain of the director of division of occupational health services who reports to our director of the Office of Research Services who reports to our Deputy Director for Management, who in turn, you know, works through me to Dr. Collins.    But each individual is required to move up the chain if the next person up does not respond for some reason and indeed when there are serious issues we are all immediately notified simultaneously.    Dr. Tabak. Not to our knowledge.    Dr. Tabak. If I may clarify, this was done in two steps. The initial search indeed was limited to those investigators working with bacillus anthracis. But after we discovered additional issues, we expanded that to include all principal investigators working with any select agent.    Dr. Tabak. During that same year, sir. And so----    Dr. Tabak. I'm sorry?    Dr. Tabak. So subsequently we searched cold storage areas with any principal investigator working with select agents.    We searched over 6 million vials, vial by vial. And so that was a very comprehensive search that was undertaken. So it was a two-step process. I know----    Dr. Tabak. The search only revealed, to my knowledge, things related to different forms of anthrax.    Dr. Tabak. Sir, I understand the gravity of the situation. I'm giving you the response that I can give you. I will provide for the record additional details so that I can----    Dr. Tabak. No, sir. It is not.    Dr. Tabak. And I am trying not to misspeak and so I'm giving you the best answer I can.    Dr. Tabak. And for the record, I will give you with certainty if any additional agents besides those related to anthrax were found in this 2008 time frame.    Dr. Tabak. When we discovered additional vials of anthrax that were unaccounted for and anthrax spores that were unaccounted for in laboratories and it was at that point that we decided that we needed to broaden the search and do a vial by vial for everybody who had the use of select agents.    Dr. Tabak. So we found 30 vials in one laboratory----    Dr. Tabak. These were unaccounted for. These were findings that we made. Thirty vials in one laboratory that had not been entered properly.    Four vials in a second laboratory that had not been entered properly and in six vials a third laboratory that had not been entered properly.    Dr. Tabak. I believe in one instance procedures were not followed and I would say in the other two instances I believe it was really due to human error.    Dr. Tabak. Because of the sensitivity of personnel actions, sir, I would hope that we could discuss that with you and the committee in another venue.    Dr. Tabak. Again, because of the numbers involved, sir, I would--because of the----    Dr. Tabak. I'm sorry, sir?    Dr. Tabak. I would prefer to, sir, we discuss that in another venue with you.    Dr. Tabak. Yes, sir.    Dr. Tabak. Again, sir, because of the relatively small numbers of individuals I think we would be breaching confidentiality to have a conversation publicly.    Dr. Tabak. Actions were initiated.    Dr. Tabak. Yes, indeed.