    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, welcome to the committee.    As you know, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has finalized its Ability-to-Repay/Qualified Mortgage Rule. We have talked about that a little bit today. Ostensibly, that rule is designed to promote safe and sound mortgage loans. It is designed to prohibit private lenders, mortgage originators from making loans that the Bureau deems too risky.    The Basel capital ratio rules that are applied to community banks require those institutions to reserve at least 6 percent capital. The FHA's policy of insuring 97 percent loan-to-value mortgages is arguably, seriously more risky than these QM compliance loans. And yet the FHA's capital-reserve ratio, which you are currently not meeting, is only 2 percent. And you are below that. You are well below that. And the only reason you are at 0.4 percent is because of a taxpayer bailout of $1.6 billion.    So the question is this: If your loans were not statutorily exempt from the QM rule, how many of your loans, what percentage of your portfolio, of the loans that you insure would be QM-compliant?    Mr. Barr. Right.    Mr. Barr. I recognize that.    Mr. Barr. But if you were not exempt, what percentage of the loans that you insure would be compliant with what the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau deems to be non-risky loans?    Mr. Barr. Let me ask you this. I understand you have a different set of underwriting standards. Do you believe that the Bureau's rule is flawed and that you have a better methodology?    Mr. Barr. So the separate process is inconsistent with the Bureau's process?    Mr. Barr. You didn't answer the question about the percentage. Maybe you don't know exactly the percentage of your loans that you insure that would be noncompliant with QM.    But let me ask the question this way: By lowering the mortgage insurance premium by 50 basis points, by insuring mortgages with an ultra-low 3\1/2\ percent downpayment, is the FHA more likely or less likely to insure non-QM loans that the Bureau would deem risky?    Mr. Barr. The American people are looking at this. They are looking at the Bureau, a Federal regulator, new Federal regulator, that is restricting access to mortgage credit. They are looking at FHA and FHFA and seeing a return to some of the more lenient standards of mortgage underwriting. And they are wondering, what is it that the Federal Government is telling us? Very conflicting messages.    What do you say to the American citizens who are looking at this and are very, very confused about what the government is telling them?    Mr. Barr. But your underwriting would promote loans that another Federal agency would deem risky. It is a double standard.    Let me just continue on the idea of this double standard. You talk about the noncompliance with the capital-reserve ratio, a congressional mandate, that you are below 2 percent, and that you are working hard to come into compliance.    My question would be, for a community bank that is not meeting the Basel requirements of 6 percent, would a Federal regulator, an examiner conducting an exam at a bank--how would a Federal regulator look at that community bank if the bank's excuse was, ``We are working hard to come to compliance?'' Would the regulator excuse that kind of a response in an exam?    Mr. Barr. The lack of coordination between what FHA is doing and what the Bureau is doing is puzzling to a lot of Americans. I would suggest you take that into consideration.    Thank you. I yield back.