    Mr. Weidman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. VVA appreciates the opportunity to offer our thoughts on the bills under consideration today.    We very much favor 2361 and look forward to an early passage. We would urge you to take a hard look at this bill to expand the kinds of activities that work-study students would be eligible for, including helping with the preparation of veterans' claims and doing other research, such as looking at military documents at the Archives to be able to substantiate claims. That was used very effectively back in the 1970s and early 1980s and, unfortunately, is one of the things that went away, and it would be a good thing to bring back, and very productive.    Also, thank you for 2360. We think that that would also be a bill that would help significantly.    Mr. Flores' TAP bill is--the real problem there is not what the law says; the real problem is what the military does. The Marines solved this problem because the Commandant said, ``You will,'' and put it in the commanders' OERs so if they didn't send all their people they would be relieved. It is real simple. And what is needed is the same kind of engagement from the other five services. And, while this legislation may help, without that strong commitment from the Secretary and from the Joint Chiefs, it ain't gonna happen, bluntly.    H.R. 356, the Employment Improvement Act, may help. I would say that VA in the last few years has made significant progress in cleaning up what was, in fact, a real mess in what is now known as the VR&E services, but this bill can help by simply codifying it and pushing it further.    The other thing in that regard and that touches on a number of things that people talked about today is there is no D-TAP. People talk about TAP and they say, well, we are taking care of veterans who are disabled. In fact, they are not. D-TAP is a myth. It never existed, not back after Vietnam, it did not exist in the 1990s with the big drawdown, and it really doesn't exist today as a program that makes any sense that gets people on track and feeds them right into the programs at VA, particularly Voc Rehab. And that needs to happen and needs to be very effective.    I would also point out that it needs to be a much more transparent process that involves the veterans organizations in a major way. The development of TAP thus far, the VSOs were flat ignored and snubbed in terms of making any input. We don't claim to have purchase on truth with a capital ``T,'' but we know that folks in the bureaucracy don't either. And we do know a thing or two, those of us who have been around here for a year or two. My friends from IAVA think I started right after the Civil War, working in the Pension Building, but it is not true. It was a little bit later than that.    Mr. Weidman. H.R. 832, introduced by Colonel Cook--who is, by the way, a life member of Vietnam Veterans of America--is moving on the right track. The problem is the way in which the Department of Labor keeps score is the largest example of the post hoc ergo propter hoc logical fallacy I ever seen. In other words, because it happens after, it happens because of. They call it a reportable service that they counseled you if you went in and registered and they talked to you for 5 minutes or less.    And then if you go out and get your own job with no help from them, you show up on a UI tax report the next quarter, they cross match your Social Security number against that tax report, and if you are back to work they count it as a positive termination. That is absurd.    We need to have a scorecard that is meaningful before you can do any real performance evaluation. And Labor is clearly not going in that direction. They don't want to be, as an agency, don't want to be monitored. And so it is all the more reason, leading into why 2275, it is time to move and create the fourth division of VA, to move the DVOP/LVER program, and we would add the homeless program, the Homeless Veterans' Reintegration Program, and other functions, such as VEVRAA, to the VA portfolio.    In regards to H.R. 1994, VVA enthusiastically supports this with significant reservations, some of which were pointed out by our friends from AFGE. But we do think that there needs to be more power.    What we said in our written statement, I will come back to it, and it is shameful that the President and the Secretary have not acted to stop the retaliation, which is still going on as recently as the past 10 days, against people who stand up and tell the truth within the VA. And it is a disservice to them, it is a disservice to the people who exhibit that kind of courage and that kind of commitment to vets that they would put themselves and their families in jeopardy, and it needs to be solved, and it needs to be solved now.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I see I am over time, and I appreciate your indulgence.    Mr. Weidman. The Department of Labor has had 70-plus years to get it right when it comes to veterans. In the creation of unemployment insurance, subsequent to the Social Security Act in the beginning of the Depression, the employer said: Hey, if you are going to tax us for this, we want something to get these people back to work. So the job service was created.    From the outset, largely because the vets came to the Mall in 1931, they had veterans preference of that new job service. And it didn't work as well as it should, but it worked sort of for a while.    In 1944, when the series of laws that we know as the beginning, original GI Bill were passed, they created LVERs, the local veterans' employment representatives. Why? Because in the midst of the war, for those people coming back, those disabled vets who no longer could fight, it wasn't happening for them. And once again, after Vietnam in 1977, the Employment and Training Administration and the state workforce development agency says they weren't placing any Vietnam and disabled Vietnam vets into jobs because they couldn't find them. And, hence, the DVOP program was created.    So they have had chance after chance after chance after chance. And I will tell you with sadness that the state workforce development agency relationship to the VETS flat doesn't work. And I lost my mind and moved my family to Albany, New York, when I had the opportunity to run what was at the time the second biggest LVER/DVOP program in the country in New York and discovered that even with the support of the executive chamber, the support of both the state senate and the state assembly and all the VSOs, and of the Business Roundtable, we still couldn't overcome the reluctance of the office managers to let the DVOPs and LVERs do their job properly.    My point is this, it is never going to work. It is a structural problem. And it needs to be moved to VA, and with no hesitation that if the workforce development agency doesn't do their job, they contract with somebody who will get it done. Our veterans deserve better than this dissembling that continues to go on, particularly with employment. The best doggone readjustment program we can offer any veteran of OIF/OEF or future conflicts is meaningful work at a living wage. And if we don't do that, all the rest is eyewash, because that would help them reestablish a sense of worth within our society.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Weidman. It is precisely because of that that, I think, we need 1994. In our statement we said that the lower the grade, the more the due process protection should be. And earlier SES was put on the line, but nobody has been let go. And it is those below them who are still grade levels, grade 16 or whatever is comparable, aren't covered by the earlier act. So something needs to be done at that level.    I will tell you also that the culture change of creating a fourth division, you have got a chance to build a corporate culture from the ground up. And that corporate culture of that division should be totally different than compensation and pension. It is a, what am I going to do, how can I do for myself? And within the VA at large, it needs to stop patronizing veterans.    Let me give you an example. In a discussion, I will make it sound more polite than it actually turned out to be, over doing chest x-rays with freestanding CAT scans, which is now approved for Medicare and Medicaid payments, VA is still refusing to do it. And the woman who is in charge of preventive health says: Oh, well, there will be false positives, and we don't want to upset the veterans. And I said, what? Are we cattle? You think we are going to stampede and that you will get hurt? Is that what it is?    I mean, it is that the attitude towards veterans of not respecting us as individuals and collectively that makes us wild on our feet. And in a discussion following up on that with Sloan Gibson and with the Secretary, they said: Well, it is really not that easy, Rick. I said: What you guys need is the archangel of death. I am 70 years old. I have no wish for a VA career. Hire me for a year. I will fire the suckers.    And change the attitude. You cannot change the attitude if you don't have line authority. This crazy five-area thing, this is nothing that we haven't said in detail to them. They don't have any line authority. And we said that is ridiculous. They are all going to come together, said, yeah, we are all with you for our new MyVA, and they are going to come back and do the same damn thing. Why? Because you don't do their officer evaluation reports.    You have got to connect and from the top down, say: This is going to happen. This is happening on your watch. If you don't fix it, you are down the road. And if they don't fix it, then they are down the road, and you bring in somebody else. They are good people, but nothing ever happens to the bad guys now, ever. And that is what makes us crazy. It has made us crazy for 30 years.    Mr. Weidman. Precisely.    Mr. Weidman. And you have to enough good people that you can start over, but you have to start at the top and send the right cues.