    Mr. Pitts. It is 10 o'clock, so we will begin.    The subcommittee will come to order.    The Chair will recognize himself for an opening statement.    Today's hearing will consider three bipartisan legislative bills designed to strengthen the Medicare program:    H.R. 556, the Prevent Interruptions in Physical Therapy Act, sponsored by our colleague Representative Gus Bilirakis of Florida, would add therapists--physical, occupational, and speech--to the list of providers allowed to transfer care for a Medicare patient in circumstances of illness, pregnancy, or vacation;    H.R. 1934, the Cancer Care Payment Reform Act, sponsored by the House Republican Conference chairman, Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington, establishes a national Oncology Medical Home Demonstration Project to improve Medicare payments for cancer care;    Thirdly, draft legislation, authored by Representative Greg Walden of Oregon, would make changes to documentation and face-to-face requirements for home health providers under the Medicare program.    Together, these three bills continue the commitment this Congress has to strengthen the Medicare program and to keep the promise for seniors, which was started earlier this year by permanently repealing and replacing the broken sustainable growth rate, the SGR, an effort spanning several years to enactment this past April.    I want to thank our witnesses for agreeing to testify today. They bring real world experience regarding problems in the Medicare program, and we welcome their views on the legislation before us today.    Mr. Pitts. And I will yield to any of my colleagues on my side of the aisle if they would like to make any statements. None?    All right. I yield back.    I recognize Mr. Lujan of New Mexico for 5 minutes for his opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    In lieu of the chairman, the Chair recognizes Mr. Bilirakis of Florida for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Pitts. We are voting on the floor. We have 11 \1/2\ minutes to go, and 400 people haven't voted, so we are going to start the witnesses.    As usual, all members' written opening statements will be made a part of the record; and I'll introduce them in the order of their testimony.    First, we have Sarah Myers, CAE, Executive Director of the Oregon Association of Health Care. Welcome. Dr. Bruce Gould, President of the Community Oncology Alliance. Welcome. And Sandra Norby, PT, AT, owner, HomeTown Physical Therapy, LLC.    Thank you each for coming. Your written testimony will be made a part of the record. You will be each given 5 minutes to summarize.    Ms. Myers, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    We still have 5 minutes, and 374 Members haven't voted. We will try one more.    Dr. Gould, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    Sorry to rush you here. We are going to do one more opening statement. No time left, but 290 people still haven't voted.    So, Ms. Norby, you're recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you very much.    I appreciate your patience due to the votes on the floor. We are going to have to take a brief recess. We will reconvene immediately after the votes. There are still 160 people who haven't voted, so we have time.    So, without objection, the subcommittee stands in recess.    Mr. Pitts. The time for the recess having expired, the subcommittee will come to order. I will begin the questioning and recognize myself for 5 minutes for that purpose. Can I get staff to come over here and operate this clock? One of you. I am sorry, that is OK.    We will start with you, Dr. Gould. One thing this committee focused on during the SGR debate, the sustainable growth rate--you are familiar with that I am sure----    Mr. Pitts . Was creating a new framework for alternative payment models, and the goal was to encourage specialties to develop their own best practices that could ultimately lead to more coordinated care and better patient outcomes. How do you see H.R. 1934 conforming to this goal?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. Ms. Norby, what safeguards and fraud and abuse controls, if any, are built into locum tenens agreements?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. Ms. Myers, in your testimony you discuss how vulnerable a population the home health beneficiaries are. Can you elaborate on that a little bit?    Mr. Pitts. So it is very important in a rural setting?    Mr. Pitts. Ms. Norby, how long does it take to hire a substitute provider for planned leave by arranging in advance for a Medicare-enrolled physician therapist to be added to the practice's CMS certification?    Mr. Pitts. I have just one more question for you, how does Medicare save money if PTs in private practice are allowed to enter into locum tenens arrangements?    Mr. Pitts. All right, my time has expired. The Chair recognizes Mr. Schrader for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman, and now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Dr. Burgess, for 5 minutes for questioning.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes for questioning.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman. Mr. Bucshon, you don't want to question?    The Chair recognizes the vice chair, Mr. Guthrie, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman. I now recognize the gentleman from New Mexico, Mr. Lujan, for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman and agrees with his last statement. Thank you very much for coming.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Bilirakis from Florida 5 minutes for questioning.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. You may proceed. Go ahead.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.\1\---------------------------------------------------------------------------    \1\ The information has been retained in committee files and also is available at  http://docs.house.gov/meetings/IF/IF14/20151001/104006/HHRG-114-IF14-20151001-SD006.pdf.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. I now recognize the gentleman from New York, Mr. Collins, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman. I now recognize Mrs. Brooks from Indiana for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady, and now recognizes the gentleman from Oregon, Mr. Walden, for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlelady from North Carolina, Mrs. Ellmers, for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. That concludes the questions from the members present. We will have written questions and follow-up from other members who weren't able to attend sent to you. We ask that you please respond promptly.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. And I will remind members that they have 10 business days to submit the questions for the record, so they should submit those questions by the close of business on Thursday, October 15.    A very informative, excellent hearing. Thank you for coming all the way to this hearing. We really appreciate it. Thank you for your expert testimony. These are very important, bipartisan, noncontroversial bills. We expect them to move very soon, and you have had a great part in that. So thank you very much.    Without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.