    Mr. Doughty. Thank you, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and members of the subcommittee. I'm Mike Doughty, president and general manager of John Hancock Insurance. I oversee John Hancock Insurance products, including the Federal long-term care program.    I appreciate the opportunity to be here today to discuss the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program and the contract that OPM awarded to John Hancock Life & Health Insurance Company in April 2016. John Hancock has been involved with the program since its inception, and we remain committed to providing a strong and financially sound long-term care insurance product for Federal employees.    We recognize enrollees' legitimate concerns about the premium increase and the very real impact that it will have on people's lives. I appreciate the opportunity to address that increase, the reasons that it was necessary, and the steps that John Hancock has taken, in coordination with OPM, to provide enrollees with alternative options designed to mitigate the financial burden of the rate increase.    Congress created the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program 16 years ago. Under the authorizing legislation, OPM conducts a competitive bidding process and awards a 7-year contract to a company to provide long-term care insurance. Regardless of the company that received the contract, the legislation has a unique feature that requires all funds, premiums, and investment returns, to be maintained separately in a fund called the Experience Fund. The Experience Fund is used exclusively for the program's assets and liabilities, and it transfers to a new carrier if OPM awards the contract to another provider.    Also, the Experience Fund receives no taxpayer money. All benefits are paid by the enrollees' premiums and the fund's investment returns. For these reasons, it is critically important that the premiums and the projected investment returns of the Experience Fund match the projected claims that enrollees will make many decades into the future. The entire industry has learned that making predictions about claims in the far-distant future is very challenging. But it was these projections that made the recent premium increase necessary.    In 2013, John Hancock observed trends in our non-Federal long-term care insurance policies that we determined could affect the Federal program. So we began an assessment of the Federal program. The review of the Federal program, which was completed in May 2014, showed that the Experience Fund would experience a deficit in the future. We found that new claims were increasing, particularly at older ages, claims were lasting longer than expected, and policies with higher daily benefits had higher than expected claims. We continued to evaluate the data.    Overall, the data revealed changes in mortality rates, people are living longer than previously expected; morbidity rates, more people are requiring long-term care and for longer periods of time; and investment changes. We have been in a sustained period of low interest rates.    On page 7 of my written testimony, there is a chart that captures the effects of these changes. The Experience Fund was projected to enter a deficit between 2035 and 2040 without a premium change. With the premium change, the Fund is projected to maintain funding sufficient to cover all enrollees' projected future claims.    Both John Hancock and OPM have a contractual obligation to adjust the premiums to make sure that the Experience Fund is able to meet the needs of enrollees for many decades into the future. And that's what we did. Importantly, these projections were reviewed by John Hancock's experts, by OPM, by John Hancock's independent actuarial firm, and by OPM's independent actuarial firm.    Next, recognizing the significance of the premium change, John Hancock worked closely with OPM on the implementation.    First, we created a program to communicate with enrollees about the premium increase, including a Web site, webinars, videos, FAQs and a professionally staffed call center.    Second, we created several alternative options which were designed to permit enrollees to adjust their coverage in light of the premium increase.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, I want to note that John Hancock agreed, in our new contract with OPM, to reduce the charges that we receive under the contract so that John Hancock will not have an increased profit from this rate increase.    Thank you for the opportunity to be here today. I look forward to discussing possible ways to strengthen the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program, and I would welcome the opportunity to answer your questions.    Mr. Doughty. We do offer--the only other kind of insurance we offer is life insurance, which has--in terms of selling costs, et cetera, it's quite similar. In terms of the ongoing administrative costs, because you're paying out--when a client goes on claim, you're just paying out one death benefit, so that would be slightly lower than in long-term care insurance.    Mr. Doughty. Yeah, I believe that that is absolutely a reality that people that don't have coverage are far more likely to take care of mom and dad for longer. I also think in the context of this broader discussion about the future of long-term care, and I think we're all in agreement that we need to do better. That one of the risks of that reliance in the past on families taking care of people is that families are becoming more spread out. There's more divided families. So I think in the future, it's going to continue to pose a problem in terms of overall support for people requiring long-term care.    Mr. Doughty. I am from Canada.    Mr. Doughty. Yeah. Just to be perfectly clear on that front, we recently decided that we were going to stop selling standalone retail long-term care insurance policies.    Mr. Doughty. Primarily because, well, we recognized a growing and increasing need. I think as Dr. Cohen noted, it was becoming increasingly difficult to actually develop enough critical mass in sales to make it a worthwhile business venture.    Mr. Doughty. Yeah. I think the two are related, though. I mean, we have been for a long time a player in the private long-term care insurance market. We continue to provide service in----    Mr. Doughty. It would. And primarily because we actually had come up with a new product that we thought provided some rate stability and things like that. So, yes, it would have. Definitely.    Mr. Doughty. I think it's both of those issues. I would say the primary issue because if you see sales have come down, it's because of the pricing.    Mr. Doughty. I do believe that there's still a reluctance for younger people to think about long-term care.    Mr. Doughty. I think the primary reason, I think it may have been touched on a little bit today, is one has been this price increase that has sort of happened and the other has been a general lack of understanding that people need to actually think about this very important event that could happen to them in the future. I will say on that point, however, that when you--you know, all of the things that we've talked about both in the--in terms of prices going up in the FLTCIP but also in standalone retail insurance, the prices are going up because the costs are going up.    And so people still have to consider these products in the context of what alternatives do they have? They can stay in that kind of a program. They can try to buy something on the private marketplace or they can try to fund it themselves. And, generally speaking, insurance, although sales have gone way down, insurance still can for many people provide a very attractive alternative in that context.    Mr. Doughty. The decision to stop selling?    Mr. Doughty. No. But that would--the primary factor and really the overwhelming factor was--I mean, there's questions about how long you tie up capital, et cetera, in this kind of a product. But, really, the number one factor was really just a pretty simple business discussion around can you sell enough of it to cover the infrastructure you need for your sales teams, for your, you know, negotiating with each State, all those kinds of things.    Mr. Doughty. Yes. And thank you for asking that question because I want to be very clear on that point. We have not stopped--we continue to be in the long-term care business. We have 1 million customers that we continue to provide service to, pay claims for. We continue to be providing insurance for the Federal program. And we also provide long-term care insurance as an accelerated benefit on their life insurance policies, which is an increasingly popular way to--for consumers to get their long-term care insurance coverage.    Mr. Doughty. On our--which individuals?    Mr. Doughty. Our in force long-term care insurance has been experiencing really the very same trends that we have been discussing as part of the Federal program. Yes.    Mr. Doughty. That is one of the major issues with the problem, not the only one. I think some of the other issues were raised around people living longer, being on claim longer, all of that kind of experience. But investment expectations have significantly changed because of the prolonged low-interest rate environment, and that represents a very significant portion of the problem. Absolutely.    Mr. Doughty. Yes, that's correct. And--but we are quite happy to do that. I mean, we----    Mr. Doughty. Well, no. But one of the reasons--one of the reasons you referenced, all the people that have left the industry, and why is that?    Mr. Doughty. Because we've talked already about the need is going up.    Mr. Doughty. The truth is, it's a very difficult business to be in. When you--John Hancock has been around for 150 years. We're very proud of our brand. Nobody likes to raise the price on customers. And I think that that's been a big challenge, so it's made it very difficult for people to stay in the business.    Mr. Doughty. But we negotiated not to make any additional fee off of the fact that we had to raise rates on these.    Mr. Doughty. Maybe I can start. Certainly, referencing the quote, which I'm not that familiar with but, you know, looking back, we clearly got it wrong, and there's no question about that. And it's creating a big issue, as you referenced, for your constituents.    The question is, could you have done better? And what we do know is that our actuaries use the information--we talked about this is a relatively new product. Experience is emerging. They use the best--they're trained to use the best estimates that they can at the time, set the best assumptions that they can at the time. And we weren't alone in doing that. You know, we vetted those. We had outside actuarial firms. OPM used their experts to look at them and I know used outside actuarial firms. So it is a very challenging question.    And specifically on the interest rate one, that is a big driver. You know, a small--as someone mentioned earlier, a relatively small change in your long-term projection around interest rates can have a significant impact when you're assuming that to--you know, you're losing that revenue year after year after year.    Mr. Doughty. Yes. I think it's safe to say that almost every insurance company offering long-term care has faced the need to raise premiums.    Mr. Doughty. I think it's--it varies greatly, similar to this program, depending on the type of product that you've bought. But our--you know, and I'll just speak to John Hancock on the private insurance, the retail insurance that we've offered. And generally speaking, it's gone up by, you know, the same factors in similar amounts over time.    Mr. Doughty. Fairly similar, yes.    Mr. Doughty. Yes.    Mr. Doughty. I mean, I would think that one of the realities that the industry faces is that insurance--the cost of insurance as they go up have been going up, the same factors apply to all companies and----    Mr. Doughty. That's correct. The amount of claims and the investment environment that we talked about earlier.    Mr. Doughty. Premiums will go up as claims go up and the need and costs of long-term care goes up. That's absolutely right.    We should--as someone pointed out earlier, this is a relatively young product. And we started with very little experience. So as we gather additional data, we should be able to get better but not perfect at predicting what those costs would be.    Mr. Doughty. Well, in terms of the Federal program and John Hancock, we obviously have an obligation to make sure that there are sufficient prices being charged to make sure that those claims can get paid in the future.    Mr. Doughty. So there definitely were differences in the amount of increase, depending on things like age, the type of benefit, et cetera. But I would be very interested in following up with--back to you, because the maximum increase that was required was 126 percent. So I think there must be some confusion around--you know, if people think their rates are going up by five or six times. And I would love to work with those constituents directly, if we can, to make sure that we're giving them adequate information to make sure we understand exactly what choices they're making.