    Secretary Jewell. Thank you very much, Chairman Calvert. It is great to be here. Ranking Member McCollum, and Chairman Rogers, and Ranking Member Lowey, thank you very much for your comments, and members of the subcommittee. This is a full table today, which is really great to see.    As you did for me, I want to thank you for the collaborative working relationship we have with the subcommittee, and acknowledge Dave LesStrang, Rick Healy, and your staff members for the hard work they do on the budget. Joining me, Deputy Secretary Mike Connor, who is an expert on a number of issues, and so we will be going back and forth to make sure we get your questions answered effectively.    I submitted a detailed statement for the record, so I will be relatively brief in these opening comments.    This is a forward-looking budget that provides targeted investments to grow our domestic energy portfolio, creating jobs here at home, to build climate resilience, and revitalize our national parks as they approach their 100th anniversary. It invests in science to help us understand natural resources on a landscape level, and to apply that understanding to better manage America's assets for the long term, like the California Bay Delta and the Great Lakes, to name just a few. Importantly, the budget also helps fulfill our Nation's commitment to American Indians and Alaska Natives, including significant and much needed investment to help improve Indian education.    I want to first talk about our investments in the lands and historic places that make our Nation proud and serve as economic engines to local communities. On the 50th anniversary of the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act, the budget proposes full funding of $900 million annually for LWCF programs. This is dollar for dollar one of the most effective government programs we have.    Next year, we mark another important milestone in our Nation's history. The National Park Service will celebrate its 100th anniversary, and this budget makes historic investments to launch an effort to celebrate and revitalize national parks and public lands. The discretionary and the mandatory portions of the budget include a $150 million matching fund to leverage private donations to parks, and $859 million to provide critical maintenance investments to high priority assets. Additional funding of $43 million will provide staff to improve the visitor experience and support the expected influx of visitors during and after the centennial.    A third milestone we commemorate this year is the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act. The budget proposes $50 million to restore and highlight key sights across the country that tell the story of the struggle for civil rights, such as the Selma to Montgomery National Historic Trail and the Martin Luther King, Junior National Historic Site.    One of my top priorities is connecting young people to the great outdoors and to our rich history and culture. We need to inspire and engage the next generation to be scientists, engineers, and stewards of our Nation's most prized assets. Particularly, just in our case, 40 percent of the Department of the Interior's workforce will be eligible to retire soon. This budget proposes over $107 million for Interior's youth programs to provide opportunities for our Nation's young people to play, to learn, to serve, and to work on public lands. We will accomplish this through cooperative work with youth conservation corps, schools, organizations like the YMCA and the National League of Cities, and enlightened private businesses.    Next, I want to talk about the Administration's continued commitment to tribal self-determination and strengthening tribal communities. I recently visited Arizona to launch the Administration's Native American Youth Listening Tour to give young people in Indian country the opportunity to engage with Cabinet members directly about the challenges they face. My recent trip to the Arctic also included a meeting with youth leaders in Kotzebue, Alaska, who are helping their classmates cope with personal challenges.    Across the Federal family, agencies are committed to working together to better coordinate our services to more effectively serve American Indians and Alaska natives. This budget holds promise for a brighter future for Indian youth through education, for Native American communities through economic growth and social services, and for improving the stewardship of our trust resources.    We are requesting $2.9 billion for Indian Affairs, an increase of 12 percent, which includes full funding of contract support costs that tribes incur as they deliver direct services to tribal members. The Generation Indigenous Initiative includes a $1 billion investment in Indian education to support critical facilities issues and a comprehensive transformation of the Bureau of Indian Education to better serve and support tribes in educating their youth.    I want to thank this committee for its strong commitment to Indian education. I was really glad to be able to join the Chairman, the Ranking Member, Congressman Cole, and Congressman Simpson on a visit to Moencopi Day School in Arizona just last month. Thank you for your focus and dedication to finding a long-term solution to this important obligation.    When it comes to powering our Nation, the budget continues to invest in both renewable and conventional energy so we can diversify our domestic energy portfolio, cut carbon pollution, and reduce our dependence on foreign oil. The budget includes $100 million for renewable energy activities like the Desert Sunlight Solar Farm in California, one of the world's largest solar projects now delivering clean renewable energy to American consumers from public lands. We also propose a total of $658 million for conventional energy programs.    This budget invests in science and technology initiatives to support energy development, create economic opportunities, and help communities build resilience. The budget includes $1.1 billion for research and development activities that range from scientific observations of the earth to applied research to better address problems, such as invasive species and coastal erosion. The budget also includes a total of $147 million to fund projects to help coastal communities, especially tribes, insular areas, and land management bureaus that use the science and technology to strengthen their climate resilience.    Finally, I want to touch on two other areas impacted by a changing climate: water and fire. Western States are on the front lines of dealing with both of these challenges, drought and catastrophic wildland fires. First, the budget includes $1.1 billion for the Bureau of Reclamation to support water availability projects, Indian water rights settlements, ecosystem restoration, healthy watersheds, and sustainable, secure water supplies, through the Water Smart Program to address drought and other water supply issues across the West.    Second, this budget renews the call for a new funding framework consistent with Congressman Simpson's bill for wildland fire suppression, similar to how costs for other natural disasters are met. The initiative proposes a base funding level of 70 percent of the 10-year average for suppression costs within the discretionary budget, and an additional $200 million available in the event of the most severe fire activity, which comprises only 1 percent of the fires, but 30 percent of the costs. This is a common sense proposal that would help ensure USDA and Interior don't have to rob our budgets for fire prevention in order to fight the Nation's most catastrophic fires.    In closing, this is a smart and balanced budget that enables the Department to carry out these important missions. I look forward to discussing these issues and the many other important investments proposed in this budget with you during your questions. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. Mr. Chairman, I know this rule has been pending for a very long time. We are getting close to submitting our rule for public comment so we can finalize it. I know those discussions have involved States and many stakeholders, businesses, environmental groups, and community citizens who live in the proximity of these mines no matter where they are around the country.    The OSM in its efforts have been very broad in taking in input, and once we release the rule, there will be an opportunity for a tremendous amount of public comment and reaction. I will say that in my experience as we work to update very old regulations, and this is one of them. It has been around for, I think, more than 30 years. Science moves. We learn more than we knew at the time. We understand more about the impacts. We understand the benefit of these resources, and so all of that will be taken into account. Certainly we will be taking input from States along with others as we have on this journey when the rule is released and we are in the public comment period, which we expect will happen relatively soon.    Secretary Jewell. Certainly I will talk with our people at OSM. I know that Joe Pizarchik, who leads that activity, was a State regulator in the State of Pennsylvania. In my conversations with him he seems keenly interested in input from the States and recognizes the importance of coal in those communities, and also the long-term impacts it has had on some of the hydrology of those areas. He is walking a fine line to balance those things, but I will certainly have a conversation with him about your concerns, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Jewell. I will certainly speak with OSM about that. My understanding from them is they are very interested in State input, and I cannot respond to the 5 days response time, but I will look into that, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Jewell. I will do that if there is such a thing. I do not know. Is there a memorandum of understanding? Is that your awareness?    Secretary Jewell. Okay. We will track that down for you.    Secretary Jewell. Do you have anything specific on that, Mike, if you can look at that? Let me talk to the $3 million difference while Mike is looking for that. The money to the States for state requirements is equivalent to the amount we have put in the budget. It is about $3 million. We did not have State requests up to the amount we had last year, so there is some carryover. We put in the budget an amount we believe will be adequate for what the States' needs were, but if they end up going a few million dollars over that, we have carryover from the prior year we could apply. There is essentially no cut from what we believe the demand from the States will be.    Secretary Jewell. Mr. Chairman, may I just quickly respond? You referenced this in your opening, Mr. Chairman. The Power+ proposal takes some of the Abandoned Mine Land funds sitting in the Treasury and asks them to be accelerated forward to address exactly that issue--$200 million a year over 5 years from money that is existing in the Treasury for Abandoned Mine Land funds. We propose to use the funds to help those communities, like the ones you just described, to help re-train them in areas such as mine restoration, fixing some of the devastating impacts of mining over years past to those communities, and developing skills for jobs of the future.    The Power+ proposal is certainly an attempt on our part to address the very real consequences in many of these coal-producing States where the least expensive coal has been mined. We appreciate this is a challenge for your State and a number of other States, particularly in Appalachia.    Secretary Jewell. I think it is $2.4 billion that is sitting in the account. It is a lot.    Secretary Jewell. That is right.    Secretary Jewell. And that is what we are attempting to address with Power+, and I think there is a good case that can be made for legislative action.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you, Congresswoman Lowey, and I appreciate your passion for National Heritage Areas broadly, and specifically in the Hudson River Valley. I share a passion for National Heritage Areas, as we have talked about before.    This is not as big a budget as I would love to have, and we had to make some difficult choices. With the Centennial in 2016, and with the condition of a number of our park facilities being in pretty tough shape, and knowing we are going to have increased visitation broadly, we did prioritize resources toward critical projects to address where we think we are going to have the highest visitation and the greatest challenges with the facilities that need to be repaired.    We did prioritize engaging youth in our parks, getting kids involved in these resources. We have a golden opportunity with the Centennial to do that because of the increased visibility. We did scale back the National Heritage Areas.    They are one of the areas that has the potential for the highest leverage. In other words, communities support them in a very significant way, so there is no question I would love to support them. I would love to keep the level high or even higher, but we did make some difficult tradeoffs, and that is one of the areas we traded off within the National Park Service budget.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you. Well, having been to the Statue of Liberty and the national recreational area in New York, Jamaica Bay, working alongside kids on restoration activities, I would say we are well under way. We received about $450 million to mitigate activities within our bureaus, and those are in process. Of course, you know we got the Statute of Liberty reopened on the 4th of July in 2013.    In addition to those projects on our lands, we got $342 million dollars from the Sandy funding to increase resiliency of coastal habitat and infrastructure. With that, we have completed and reviewed resilience projects of $214 million. We had $102 million in competitive grants we put out to communities to basically put forward proposals. Those are highly leveraged dollars. We got $74 or $75 million in additional money over and above the $102 for 54 projects, and we are getting ready to do an evaluation of how those projects work. The money is in the process of being spent, or has been spent or obligated.    And we have learned tremendous lessons, including the science behind what the green infrastructure did to protect communities and how can we replicate that. That is exactly what we are doing in these projects here.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. The short answer is it is the greater sage-grouse, which is across the broad landscape. That is what we are looking at. I just have to say a couple of things. One is to commend the support from the States for the work of the BLM, and the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the State Wildlife Management agencies. We are working together like has never happened, I think, in the history of the United States when it comes to the preservation of landscapes.    We talk about the greater sage-grouse, but really it is the sage steppe ecosystem, mule, deer, antelope, golden eagles, you name it. There are 350 species that depend on this, and it is really the old growth forest of that region of the country, and a lot of these sage brushes are 150 years old. The greater sage-grouse is the species we are assessing as to whether or not it should be listed.    We have a court-ordered deadline of September 30th, 2015, and the rider in the bill at the end of last year did not change that court-ordered deadline. We are pursuing a determination full speed ahead and considering all of the complexities of really the different ways that different States have to face the preservation of this sage steppe. It is different in Idaho than it is in Wyoming.    Secretary Jewell. It is different in Nevada than it is in Utah. We are working with strong State plans, and we had some helpful executive orders from a number of different governors that provide reassurance to the Fish and Wildlife Service that they need. We have revised, I think, 98 different resource management plans for the BLM and consolidated those into I think 15 different EISs being finalized right now. Everybody is working toward a goal of taking care of these sage brush steppe landscapes so that a listing is not warranted.    That is something we all share in common, and we have got to get across the finish line with that, and the Fish and Wildlife Service has that court-ordered deadline.    The rider did not allow us to write any rules to list, so it does not stop the Fish and Wildlife Service from doing its work on a determination. We have got funding in this budget, and there is more proposed in this budget to take care of these landscapes. The Fish and Wildlife Service is going to have to make a determination of whether listing is warranted, which everybody would share, threatened or endangered, and they have to do that unless the court gives us additional time.    We hope listing is not needed, and then the rider will not make any difference. If it is warranted, we will be in a difficult situation where a listing is warranted, but we cannot write a rule to say what that means and how we then go forward.    Secretary Jewell. Yes.    Secretary Jewell. I think it is fair to say we will rise and fall together on this one because of the nature of this bird's range.    Secretary Jewell. But this is an unprecedented effort, and I just cannot say how much I appreciate the cooperation. Yes, we have had some to the table early, and we have had some to the table late. The more teeth there are in their proposals, the more the Fish and Wildlife Service can rely on it. The more voluntary measures that are unproven, the less they can rely on it. Every governor, every State wildlife person working on this knows that.    We are feeling really good about the amount of work that has been done, and we remain optimistic that listing can precluded if we keep pedal to the metal on this within the timeframe. Did you want to jump in?    Secretary Jewell. Yes.    Secretary Jewell. Mike is going to jump in on this.    Secretary Jewell. I would just add one other number to the complexity. There is $7 million in the budget for climate resilience specifically for Insular areas. They are on the front lines, and I met with them yesterday. They were in town, and they are seeing lots of impacts in very real time. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. Wow.    Secretary Jewell. Go ahead, Mike.    Secretary Jewell. Well, thank you so much, Congresswoman Pingree, for your support of the Endangered Species Act. I think it is easy to make fun of an individual species, but when you step back and you look at our greater understanding of our ecosystems, and the greater sage-grouse is a good example of that right now. So many species depend on that ecosystem although inspired by the pressure of time on one particular species, it will make a difference for 350 species.    The bald eagle is a great example. The American alligator is another one, and it was mentioned in some of the opening comments. Actually this Administration has delisted more species due to recovery than any other Administration. I have it, and I will find it by the time I get around, or maybe Mike can look up how many. I do not want to quote you the wrong number.    But the monarch butterfly is indeed in trouble. There still are a lot of them. But the Fish and Wildlife Service is actually working cooperatively on this one with Canada and Mexico because the migrating monarch butterfly is an extraordinary example. We are working with our public lands and Fish and Wildlife Service refuges around the country. We are working with rights-of-way with the utility industry. We are working with the Department of Transportation on road rights-of-way to plant milkweed, and then there is an effort around many communities to do the same.    The monarch butterfly is one part of a broader strategy around pollinators in general, which are in real trouble. There is quite a significant amount of effort going on for pollinators, of which monarch butterflies are one. I do not know, Mike, if you have pulled up numbers regarding the pollinators. Do you have them handy?    Secretary Jewell. Okay. But they are in there, and we certainly are working cooperatively on the monarch in specific, but on pollinators in general.    Secretary Jewell. I do not know. I will have to find that out.    Secretary Jewell. Comment period on what specifically?    Secretary Jewell. And 11 species were delisted due to recovery, and nine are pending delisting proposals, which is pretty good. I think there are 22 over time from recovery, but only actually two due to extinction of 2,200 species.    Secretary Jewell. The 22 over the last, for the 40 years since it has been in place, 11 since 2009, half of them.    Secretary Jewell. Oh, many years. Many years, no question about it. There was a comment that we are not working on delistings. We are working on delistings as well.    Secretary Jewell. I see. Okay.    Secretary Jewell. You may not like my answer.    Secretary Jewell. I did, but I did not want to repeat that.    Secretary Jewell. Well, I think it is pretty clear that this budget moves beyond sequestration, which is exactly what we believe we should do. My first year in this job was 2013. It was a miserable start in this job when we had across-the-board cuts. It did not matter how important the work was. The staff was demoralized. We were cutting things that should never be cut like grant support costs for schools in Indian country because of sequestration. I hope upon hope that you and your colleagues will move us beyond sequestration because as a business person, it is a crazy way to run a country.    This budget assumes we move beyond that. This budget does lay out our priorities. As you heard in my response to Congresswoman Lowey, it does not have all the things in there we might like. It was not actually easy on any of the bureaus to come up with these numbers, and we asked them to prioritize, and that is what we reflect here.    So strong priorities around upholding our trust and treaty obligations to Native Americans, particularly education where we have been spending money and not doing a good job for these kids for many years, and we just have to change that. I cannot postpone the National Park Centennial. It is happening in 2016 whether I like it or not.    I have heard from many members of Congress about we wish you were permitting our oil and gas wells faster. We wish you were moving forward quicker on our coal leasing permits. These are all things that take resources, and one of the reasons we are not as fast as we aspire to be is because our budgets have been squeezed, and we are operating with fewer people in some of these areas than we were before. No one has reduced the complexity for us in terms of what we are required to do.    We are trying to reduce the complexity to the extent we can. Mike is our representative looking at what is it in our regulations we have control over that we can make smarter so it costs us less time? There are proposals out there like, for example, tribal recognition, which is a very long and laborious process for us and very expensive for tribes. We are looking at making sure that it is rigorous and difficult, but not inconsistent, taking forever, and costing millions of dollars. We think there are things we can do about that.    We know there is a lot in this budget that means a lot to people, particularly, I would say, across the West. PILT we believe should be funded on a mandatory basis. I also, as you know, believe that the Land and Water Conservation Fund should be fully funded as was intended when it was passed 50 years ago. I think there are things we can work on together to address some of those things on the mandatory side. PILT combined with Secure Rural Schools and LWCF is a good way to do that.    I cannot say to you that we should prioritize tribes over the National Park Centennial, or that we should hammer away anymore at the BLM budget that it already is when people want permits to drill for oil and gas on their lands. This is a budget that is not lavish. It is a budget that gets us back to doing what I think the American people expect us to do as a steward of 20 percent of the Nation's lands and as one of the primary points of contact and advocacy for Native Americans. And frankly there are things I know people care about--droughts, floods, stream gauges, Landsat images, U.S. Geological Survey is working on induced seismicity and why is that happening in Oklahoma, all of those things.    That is what is in here, and at this point our budget reflects our priorities.    Secretary Jewell. Well, thanks very much, Congressman Kilmer, and thanks to you we both saw Billy about 7 days before he died, so that was a gift.    There is no question we are fully committed to upholding trust and treaty rights. The process of supporting those rights has resulted in the settlement of 82 outstanding trust litigation lawsuits, the largest being with the Navajo Nation north of $400 million. We want to move past some of the things our predecessors, over many years, have not done that we are obligated to do as a Nation. I think that illustrates very much a new day with tribes in this country.    The President has hosted the annual White House Tribal Nations Conference 6 years in a row, his creation of the White House Council on Native American Affairs that he asked me to chair, the efforts we are making in Indian education, which is a trust responsibility, and doing that by really focusing on tribal self-determination and self-governance, recognizing now after really many years of being paternalistic that the right answers oftentimes rest with the tribes themselves if they want to step up.    I think treaty rights are less at risk than they were, and I think pioneers like Billy Frank and his work with the Northwest Indian Fisheries Council, standing up, getting arrested multiple times about really the rights of the Native Americans in the Northwest, to the fisheries, was inspirational to many across this country as they stand up for their own rights.    That is our positon on it, and I am very hopeful, no matter who is in the White House in years forward, that this momentum will continue and we will be really in a new chapter of our relations.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you for raising everyone's awareness on that. For those of you that had an opportunity to look at the lead story in the Washington Post today, it is exactly about this issue. It happens to be Kivalina, Alaska, but it could be the Quileute in Washington State, and many other communities that are at risk, including our Insular areas, as Congresswoman McCollum brought up earlier.    We have a modest amount of money in the budget to begin to deal with sort of planning and identifying issues specific to tribal communities, $8 million in grants that we are about to put about. It's $50.    Voice. It is $8 million that we are about to put out, and $50 million in '16.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, so the 2016 budget has $50 million. That is really a competitive grant program to have tribes come forward and say, you know, we are here, we would like to be able to help, what are your needs and issues. I think one of the important things we have to work on is how does that money go to the tribes that need it most, not the tribes that are most effective at getting grants, because oftentimes they are not the same.    That does not address the issue of potential for relocation. You know, $60 billion is what the Federal government appropriated after Hurricane Sandy. $60 billion. We do not really have a great mechanism for investing up front so that we can spend less over the long term. As we look at sea level rise and as we look at the vulnerability of our communities at a time of a changing climate, I think we need to be a little more proactive so we can invest up front as opposed to having a catastrophe. It is just a lot easier, I recognize, for people to respond to catastrophes.    But there is money in the budget to continue to make progress, to understand and study what the vulnerabilities are to help us and those communities prioritize what their best next steps are. It is not a lot, but it is certainly an important step in that direction.    Secretary Jewell. That is the first time I had had heard that number, so I am not sure where that came from.    Secretary Jewell. I do not have a number. You know, this is really about the hydrology that we have learned about over the 30 years since the rule has been written, and the very dramatic impacts that mining has had on the hydrology, and trying to put a rule in place that is more consistent with what we know today.    Secretary Jewell. I do not know. That is correct.    Secretary Jewell. I do not know. I know this. We will be coming out with an environmental impact statement that people will be able to comment on that will be very detailed. I have not read that yet. I typically would not until we are close to final because there are many more bites of the apple, if you will, in terms of comments from the public, from States, and otherwise that will be happening once the rule is put out.    Secretary Jewell. I do not know what its impact will be, positive or negative. That will be part of the study that comes out. I do know that from public lands largely not in your State, public lands in the Rocky Mountains that we supply about 40 percent of the Nation's coal.    Secretary Jewell. That is correct.    Secretary Jewell. That is correct.    Secretary Jewell. I do not know. Mike, do you have more insights into that? I have not read it yet because it has not been released.    Secretary Jewell. Let me be clear on one thing. I have had a briefing, several briefings, in the course of my time with the Office of Surface Mining.    Secretary Jewell. That was not part of the briefing.    Secretary Jewell. There was a briefing on the economic impact. I do not recall the specifics.    Secretary Jewell. So, yes, there was definitely a jobs impact by region. I do not recall the specific numbers.    Secretary Jewell. Absolutely. We will be happy to get those to you.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, the jobs impact is known, and that is part of the rulemaking, and they will be released when the study is released with the EIS. But I will talk to my team to see if we can get any of that to you in advance of that coming out.    Secretary Jewell. May I respond?    Secretary Jewell. First, I want to reassure you I do not and neither does this Administration have a war on coal. I appreciate that many of the communities in Appalachia, in West Virginia, and Kentucky, and other communities are hurting. I do appreciate that. Much of the easy coal in this part of the country has been obtained, and so the economics are changing as well. I also appreciate we have had impacts from coal mining in this region. We have learned alot over the last 30 years, so we are trying to update the regulations, but certainly not undermine an important industry.    We have the Power+ proposal in the President's budget. It accelerates a billion dollars from the Abandoned Mine Land Fund to put specifically into work in the communities that have been so impacted, like the ones you referenced in West Virginia and in Kentucky.    Secretary Jewell. I believe that is true, and I also believe that with the funding source, I do not believe this will score. I think that there will be members of the House and Senate along with the Administration that should align on this proposal, and that will be our strong recommendation.    Secretary Jewell. I am going to ask Mike to find the specifics on the GLRI because I do not want to keep scrambling through my paperwork. We believe strongly in the work that is happening in the Great Lakes. We have had a significant increase in this budget request for invasive species and, say, of one species, and that goes to the Asian carp, which is one of the greatest threats we have to the ecosystem up there.    There is about a $2.4 million increase in the Fish and Wildlife Service budget, and we have got an ongoing almost $6 million in USGS, so a total of about $14 million for Asian carp specifically. That is continuing to advance the science and the ability for early detection and so on in the Great Lakes.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, that may be on the EPA side of the budget. I am not familiar with that.    Secretary Jewell. I will give you a quick answer, and if you want more detail, I will get somebody that has got a little more detail to go through that with you.    We will continue to work on these resources, even if they are no longer listed as areas of concern, so there is an example here. USGS has been the science lead for siting constructed fish spawning reefs in rivers feeding the Great Lakes, and evaluating their contribution to the restoration of iconic species, like the walleye and the lake sturgeon.    Spawning reefs are an important contribution to de-listing the areas of concern, a centerpiece of the GLRI. We have delisted them because of activities that have worked. We are going to continue those activities there. We are going to take this learning into other areas, and hopefully address the long-term needs of the Great Lakes. There are lots--mussels, Asian carp, mercury accumulation, challenges in the wild rice harvest which I have heard about from native tribes up in that area. There is work in every one of those dimensions as part of this in our Department.    Secretary Jewell. I do not think we have that kind of specificity, do we, Mike? Do you know?    Secretary Jewell. Yes, we can have the Fish and Wildlife Service get back to you. I do not know about what----    Secretary Jewell. Okay, great.    Secretary Jewell. I thought you were going to say as much like hiking in Utah, for example.    Secretary Jewell. Keep going. .    Secretary Jewell. I am familiar, and I will say that I am not going to get into personnel matters here.    Secretary Jewell. But, yes, I am familiar.    Secretary Jewell. Okay.    Secretary Jewell. I am going to let Mike answer that last question first, and I would like to make a quick comment on some of the other stuff if that is all right?    Secretary Jewell . Because Mike has been very intimately familiar with CUPCA.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, just quickly. On the energy development side, because you got this to us in advance, we did a little bit of background research. This may not be a satisfactory answer to you.    Secretary Jewell. Well, no, let me just say, in the Alton coal situation, because we have got a massive effort right now that we are undertaking around the greater sage-grouse, they need to do a review of how that mine impacts sage-grouse habitat. That is not normal, you know. This is an unprecedented effort, and we have all these BLM plans that are undergoing EIS right now, and we just need to cross check those, too. So that is what happening there.    On Juan Palma, he is fantastic. I cannot say we can replace him, but we are sure as heck going to try. But we have a lot of people retiring with a lot of experience, and it is one of the biggest risks that we have frankly.    Secretary Jewell. I get that, and I think that we are very much in a different place right now than we have been in this process through a huge amount of hard work on the part of the States, and my team, and BLM, and the Fish and Wildlife Service. Hopefully that will be in the past.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. Communications are great with Fish on fire.    Secretary Jewell. We need strong State plans. We need strong Federal plans. The Federal plan is a higher need in Nevada than it is in Montana just, you know, based on the land distribution. We have big issues with fire in Nevada, in Oregon, in Idaho, and I have seen that on the landscapes. We have different issues in Wyoming. What we are trying to do collectively in support of what the Fish and Wildlife Service needs is to feel confident the habitat will be okay for the species is certainty.    My secretarial order gives them certainty we are prioritizing our resources on rangeland fire so they can say this is in writing, there has been action, and we can rely on that. When the Governors of the States issue executive orders, as has happened in a number of States, the Fish and Wildlife Service will look at those executive orders. If they are written in the way we hope they are, we are working closely together with the States, they can say, all right, there is an executive order in place. We can count that.    It will also say when you look at the historic range of the sage grouse and you look at the current range, the biggest challenge is habitat fragmentation. There is a lot less habitat than there used to be, and the habitat that remains that is strong so it has not yet been burned is really important to maintain. That is where the surface disturbance issues come in.    If there is strong critical habitat right now, we do not want to disturb that by fire or by development, so we want to work with those critical areas and the States to say, how does that align with where the minerals are, for example, or not? Are there places that we can direct development where there is less impact? And this is really landscape level on the grandest scale that has probably ever been done in the United States, and there has been excellent cooperation in the States.    Secretary Jewell. You want to pile on with the same question?    Secretary Jewell. Yes, your new brother from Minnesota.    Secretary Jewell. The Minneapolis Star Tribune did all of us a service by shining a national spotlight on this issue that the committee is well aware of. The short answer is it makes progress, continued progress, but it is nowhere near what we need to do to fix this problem. I look forward to working with you on a longer-term solution that gets the kind of money in the budget, and more creativity on how we might go about using different sources to address these challenges we have with schools.    We do have money to build the remaining schools on the 2004 list. We are in the process of coming out with a final criteria on how to prioritize the remaining schools, and we will make progress on planning for the top ones on the list with this budget. But this is really a drop in the bucket compared to the bigger problem, and we are going to need to work with you on a longer-term solution.