    Dr. Roe. I thank the chairman. I am going to bring us down to, Ms. Halliday, thank you again for being here and providing this information for us. One of the things I think you see across the country is a loss in faith of government, and I think this is a poster child for it. You have a situation where we have our social security recipients are getting no increase this year at all. I am going to tell you about a couple of guys I know back home.    One is Bud Pate. He is a retired Baptist preacher, a Marine, lost his arm in Vietnam. Randy Kingston, both of these guys are friends of mine. Randy is a paraplegic, a young man, had not married, became a paraplegic after, in Vietnam during an explosion, a battle. And this young woman married him, who knew him ahead of time, knew him when he was whole, but married him, has been faithful together all these years. And these veterans that we see out there are having to struggle to get their benefits of a few hundred dollars or a few thousand dollars a month. And then I see things where we are paying somebody $33,000 to drive up the road 140 miles and live in a hotel for a few days until they can get a house. If you paid 55 cents a mile that is a $77 trip, not a $33,000 trip. And if you eat at the Four Seasons every night, I do not see how you can spend $33,000. And that is not what average people do out there.    When average people like me, that go out and work for themselves for 30-something years, and I do less, next year I get paid less. That is what happens in the real world. And that is not what is happening here. And I go home and see these injured and disabled veterans. And then I come up here and hear where these senior officials, it seems like they have manipulated a system that they know how it works to, the VA has shifted people around. When we said, no, you cannot raise people's salaries during this particular time so we can sort all this out, but they figured out how to do it. And that sort of cynicism is really pervasive, I think, when you go home and try to explain.    And listening to your testimony, which has been extremely compelling to me, I just want to get that on the record. And I think we have a lost trust. And so I understand this program, two people come in and appraise your house. I looked up, while we are doing this, on the web. The average time is about 60 days on the market around here for a home. If I sell my home here, a private citizen does, they just got to wait until they sell their home. If it is 60 days or if it is 160 days. They have got to wait, just like you probably do if you sell your house here. So the way I understand it is this program they have got is you go out and get your house evaluated at $800,000, or whatever it is, you pay this, basically this contractor, 27.5 percent, that is $200,000-something that they got. They can discount that house $100,000 and sell it quickly and make $125,000 without blinking an eye. I mean, am I correct on that? Is that how they do it?    Dr. Roe. We need to look at that because----    Dr. Roe. Yes. I think the one expense in this that I saw that looked pretty reasonable was the poor guy that sent his people down and moved all the furniture. I think that is a fairly reasonable $16,000 to pack up a big home like that and move it, I think was reasonable. These other things look to me, many of them, look to be over the top. And I simply say that because of the people that I go back home and see every single week when I go home. And veterans that cannot get in to the Phoenix VA right now or get the care they need, and they see this. I think this is very telling to me.    Anything else in the report that we have not talked about? I think we have pretty well seen what it is, is it looks like that this position was a position that Ms. Rubens wanted to go to and essentially worked her way around in the system, knew how the system worked, and was able to obtain that system. Am I correct in that?    Dr. Roe. Is the conclusion. That is what I thought. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.