    Mr. Melito. Chairman Rouzer, Ranking Member Costa, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to discuss our recent work reviewing international food assistance delivered through cash transfers and voucher programs funded and overseen by the U.S. Agency for International Development. For over 60 years the United States has provided assistance to food insecure countries, primarily in the form of food commodities procured in the United States and transported overseas. In recent years the United States has joined other major donors in increasingly providing food assistance in the form of cash or vouchers. In Fiscal Year 2014 the U.S. funded cash and voucher projects in 28 countries, totaling about $410 million, with the majority of this funding for the Syria crisis. The United States was the single largest donor of cash-based food assistance in 2014.    My testimony is based on a report which was released in March of this year. I will focus on three topics. First, USAID's process for awarding and modifying cash-based food assistance. Second, the extent to which USAID and its partners have implemented financial controls to help ensure appropriate oversight of such projects, and third, GAO's recommendations and USAID's response to them.    Regarding the first topic, GAO found that USAID followed its internal guidance when it awarded new cash-based food assistance grants. However, USAID lacks formal guidance when modifying these awards. Partners may propose cost or no cost modifications for a variety of reasons, such as an increase in the number of beneficiaries, or changing market conditions affecting food prices. In our review of 13 grant awards that had been modified, GAO found that cost modifications had increased the funding for these 13 awards from about $91 million to $626 million.    GAO also found that, although USAID requires partners to monitor market conditions, which is a key factor that may trigger an award modification, it does not provide guidance on when and how to respond to changing market conditions. Without guidance on modifying awards, including when market conditions change, USAID cannot hold its staff and implementing partners accountable for taking all necessary steps to justify the modification of awards.    Regarding the second topic, USAID relies on implementing partners for financial oversight of cash grants, but does not require them to conduct comprehensive risk assessments to planned financial oversight activities. In addition, it provides little related procedural guidance to partners and its own staff. For projects we analyzed in four case study countries, GAO found that neither USAID, nor its implementing partners, conducted comprehensive risk assessments to identify and mitigate financial vulnerabilities. Additionally, although USAID's partners had generally implemented financial controls over cash and voucher distributions that GAO had reviewed, some partners' guidance for the financial oversight had weaknesses, such as a lack of information on how to estimate and report on losses.    In addition, GAO found that USAID had limited guidance on financial activities, and provided no information to aid partners in estimating and reporting losses. As a result, partners may neglect to implement appropriate financial controls in areas that are most vulnerable to fraud, diversion, and misuse of cash funding. As we noted in our March report, several incidences of malfeasance had already surfaced in this program. It is essential that USAID learn from these circumstances and implement the necessary changes.    Regarding the third topic, our March 2015 report included recommendations to strengthen USAID's guidance for staff on approving award modifications, and guidance for partners on responding to changing market conditions. GAO also made recommendations to strengthen financial oversight of cash-based food assistance projects by addressing gaps in USAID's guidance on risk assessments and mitigation plans, and on financial control activities.    USAID concurred with the recommendations in the March 2015 report. Since that time, USAID has indicated to GAO that it has taken some actions to implement these recommendations. According to USAID, it has, among other efforts, issued written guidance on the review and approval of modifications to cash awards. In addition, USAID indicated that they now have a requirement for applicants to provide an assessment of risk of fraud or diversion, and controls in place to prevent any diversion. We appreciate USAID's efforts in response to our recommendations. We will work expeditiously with USAID to collect and review evidence, documenting its actions to determine whether they are sufficient to close, as implemented, any of the GAO recommendations.    Chairman Rouzer, Ranking Member Costa, and Members of the Subcommittee, this completes my prepared statement. I will be pleased to respond to any questions you may have.    Mr. Melito. We recognize that the Farm Bill of 2014 gave USAID more flexibility for using section 202(e), and also increased the funding by about 50 percent. We are in conversations with your staff about actually looking at how those funds are being used. We currently don't have a good handle on exactly how USAID is using those funds, but one of the things we definitely want to understand is whether or not they are taking advantage of the flexibilities they have for monitoring and evaluation. That is an area where we have concern--haven't been done enough--and section 202(e) does seem like a funding source for them to actually address these deficiencies.    The Chairman. Ms. Trujillo, we sometimes hear about inefficiencies with in-kind donations, but USAID OIG's body of work suggests that most problems with in-kind assistance are due to the on-the-ground implementation issues, and a general lack of oversight and monitoring. In other words, it sounds like most of what you have observed is simply the result of USAID's mismanagement of the authorities already granted, and failure to act on a litany of recommendations OIG has made. Is that a fair assessment, in your view?    Mr. Melito. Mr. Chairman, we are well aware of the use of physical cash in the system, and my team observed the distribution of cash in both Niger and in Kenya.    The Chairman. That completes my questioning. Mr. Costa?    Mr. Melito. They are both the right choice in certain circumstances, and they are wrong in the other. And part of what we are doing now at GAO is a follow on study to try to understand when those circumstances are correct.    Mr. Melito. When we were looking at the grant approvals for the cash program, it was a dialogue between the implementing partners and USAID, and it did involve issues of how quickly the food may be needed for the emergency, the availability of food in the market itself, because if there isn't food in the market, then a cash program is not going to work, as well as the appropriateness of it. There was a discussion between USAID and the implementing partner on these factors, and they did basically make the justification for cash once they determined that those three factors were met.    Mr. Melito. GAO has raised concerns about diversion for both the cash program and the commodity program, and in both cases one area where we really wish they would improve is measurement of loss. That would become a statistic that you would use to see whether the program is improving over time, and the measurement of loss is weak for both the commodity program and the cash program.    Mr. Melito. Almost every other donor in the world provides resources through the World Food Programme, and then lets the World Food Programme decide how to use those resources. So, for the most part, they are giving money to the World Food Programme to either buy commodities or to provide cash. The U.S. Government, while being the largest provider of all modalities, is also the only one providing physical commodities in any large number.    Mr. Melito. The use of cash is done in one of four ways.    Mr. Melito. In one extreme it is the actual passing out of physical cash. Then there is the use of a financial institution, so you would have money that the beneficiary can go and receive from the bank, or a bank-like entity. And then there are two types of vouchers. There are physical vouchers, and then there are electronic cards that function like a voucher. Those would be the four ways that cash transfers are used.    Mr. Melito. The determination is multi-faceted, but for either extreme it is basically on how developed the financial system is. You couldn't use an electronic voucher in places that don't have a financial institution that can use it. We are seeing it in Jordan, which has a fairly developed financial system, but we didn't see it in Niger, in a rural area of Niger, where you had to basically rely on much more traditional methods. And there we actually saw the use of physical cash. So once they have determined they are going to use a cash-type transfer, they then figure out the modality that seems most appropriate for that particular beneficiary.    Mr. Melito. The use of cash has grown steadily since 2010, but it has come out of the EFSP, which is the 150 account on the foreign assistance side. The use of commodities has remained steady under Title II during this time, so----    Mr. Melito. No, there has not. The decrease, only in terms of the tonnage, goes up and down based on price and such, but the program has been steadily funded, and that is still the single largest modality.    Mr. Melito. It is both. It fluctuates between about $1\1/2\ billion to $2 billion a year, based on whether or not there is a new emergency that is coming out, but then the price of food itself does determine tonnage as well.    Mr. Melito. There are times when high prices of food does impact the tonnage, yes.    Mr. Melito. Well, this is one of the reasons USAID would like to have flexibility, because they also want to be able to purchase food locally and regionally, where the prices may be better or use cash. The opportunities that the three modalities of cash, local regional procurement, and U.S. commodities give them is to basically try to smooth out those kind of uncertainties.    Mr. Melito. Well, under the Feed the Future initiative, they are trying very hard right now to improve agricultural productivity across the world. And I am sure, in countries like that, the focus is not just on the immediate need, but on dealing with the chronic underlying problem.    Mr. Melito. It is a rough number, when you combine both Title II and the Emergency Food Security Program (EFSP), it is about 55, 60 percent in-kind, and the rest is local and regional procurement (LRP) or cash.    Mr. Melito. So we explained, on the program side, what they are looking at to decide whether cash was the right modality, and that included the need for speed--if the crisis was unfolding rapidly, whether or not there is actually food available in the market, because if there isn't food available in the market, then you don't want to bring cash into it. You will have price increases without any benefit. And then, finally, whether you are more likely to get appropriate food to the beneficiary. So this is all on performance side. We observed that they did not do what we called comprehensive risk assessments on the financial control side.    So the market itself may be appropriate because there is enough food available that you bring cash in, and it could work, but you also need to determine whether or not there is a financial entity on the other side you can trust and work with, and you need to make sure that you have mitigation strategies in place if financial problems arise. So there are two sides to this. There is making the program effective, in terms of feeding people, but also there is a side of making sure the proper accountability for the funds is in place.    Mr. Melito. We did observe several distributions of either cash or vouchers for our case study countries, and as part of the distribution, we made sure that the basic control structures were in place. They had a verified list of beneficiaries in advance. There was an attempt to make sure that the person who was coming forward was the person who was on that list. There was something like a thumbprint recorded to demonstrate that that person was that person. We also looked at the reconciliation process on the other end.    We did find some level of assurance that we wanted to see, but there were still weaknesses.    Mr. Melito. I am going to probably have to get back to you. There were 28 countries for cash, but the number is in excess of 40, when you bring all the modalities. But I will get back to you with that.    Mr. Melito. Yes.    Mr. Melito. They are generally using multiple modality----    Mr. Melito. It is a very difficult challenge. For Syria, the program is basically divided into efforts to help the Syrians within Syria, and then efforts to help the refugees who have left Syria. For the cash job, we were looking at the services provided to the Syrian refugees in Jordan. There it is a relatively safe environment, and you have contact with the beneficiaries. You can implement some of the monitoring that you would hope to implement.    We have a study that we just began for the House Foreign Affairs Committee which is going to try to understand the larger Syria program, which includes efforts to work within Syria. We are really at the very beginning of that job, so I can't really talk about what we are going to find. But I do know from previous work we did looking at Somalia, when you are in an environment of conflict, and an environment where the U.S. Government can't operate--so in Somalia and in Syria there are places that we cannot send U.S. citizens, you end up relying on third parties. And then you have to come into a process where you can trust these third parties. And it is a difficult process, so----    Mr. Melito. So one of the recommendations of GAO was before you implement a cash or voucher program is to do what we call a comprehensive risk assessment.    Mr. Melito. A comprehensive risk assessment, where you are really trying to objectively assess whether you can operate, whether the financial system--the vendors that are there provide a reasonable level of assurance and trust. And if the answer is no, then you probably shouldn't do it, but you need to make an assessment in advance.    Mr. Melito. Well, we weren't observing it, so that was one of our recommendations----    Mr. Melito. Since our March report, USAID has made it clear that that will now be a new requirement, but that is moving forward.    Mr. Melito. It will be a----    Mr. Melito. They agreed to our recommendation, and they say----    Mr. Melito. So there really are three modalities. It is U.S. commodities, which is still a very substantial part of the program, there is local and regional procurement, so it is buying commodities locally, or in a neighboring country, and then finally it is using cash or vouchers. So the local and regional procurement idea would be if a country has a severe drought in one part of it, but it is actually fine in the other part, you are helping them with logistics, basically, of moving the food from the part of the country that is fine down to the part that needs it. And that would be considered, hopefully, also supporting the market as well in that country.    So USAID has asked for these three modalities, and they all make sense in certain circumstances. The question is whether or not you have done a legitimate market assessment and really analyzed the underlying circumstance, and then choose the appropriate modality for the circumstance.    Mr. Melito. I just wanted to add that there does seem to be a strong interest in trying to address the underlying chronic food insecurity. Feed the Future, that is really its goal. Feed the Future is trying to leverage the efforts of multiple U.S. agencies to address what you are saying. But it is still a relatively new program, 5 or 6 years old, and I am sure there are still things they could improve on.    Mr. Melito. Yes.    Mr. Melito. We reported that in many of these countries there is only one on-the-ground U.S. Government official, and that person has responsibilities that go beyond the cash program. They are responsible for other USAID programs. And also, due to security concerns, they might not be able to travel to where the operations are going on, so yes, they then rely on third party monitoring.    Mr. Melito. These would be locally based organizations that they contract with. So it comes down to the vetting process that USAID is going through, in terms of whether or not the organization has the capability to do it, as well as the financial assurance aspects they are looking for.    Mr. Melito. Well, we have looked at this on several different reports in the past, commodity ones as well as cash. It varies. In some cases it can be actually a pretty detailed checklist that they want them to fill out. In other cases it might just be that they want to report that the commodities were distributed.    Part of what we would like to see is a more uniform process for monitoring. You want to make sure the program is working right, and you want to make sure that food is not being diverted. And you want to make sure your monitoring is giving you useful information on both of those goals.    Mr. Melito. Well, cash gives you some opportunities that the commodity program doesn't, because you are now dealing with, in many cases--let us not say physical cash. Let us talk about the vouchers, or the electronic debit cards. It gives you a new intermediary, which is often a financial institution. So you may actually get data that you hadn't gotten before. If it is a fairly mature financial institution, it could be actually a fairly robust set of records. But, again, you need to know that that--the organization exists, and you trust them.    So both modalities, cash and commodities, have challenges and opportunities. I keep stressing that, but that is the case.