    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Members of the Committee, and especially to our first witness, the head of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. It's been 3 years since Administrator Shelanski was appointed to head OIRA, and I'd appreciate hearing his thoughts on the current state of affairs with respect to Federal rulemaking and whether legislative fixes are needed in his view.    And, I'm also--I don't know how you can get all this into 5 minutes, but I wanted to get a sense of what it was like before you got--before you took over so we can empathize with what it is you've been working on and how you've--how you've approached it.    Some think the regulatory system, as you heard, is broken. But to that end--excuse me. They also support a series of anti-regulatory measures, many of which would impose numerous procedural burdens on Federal agencies.    Now, that's a curious difference of views that are being pushed by some of the same important personalities in the Congress. Other anti-regulatory measures would up-end the rulemaking process through unnecessary and costly litigation changes. For example, one bill, 4768, Separation Powers Restoration Act, is likely to be considered on the floor later this month, and would require Federal courts to review all agency rulemaking and interpretations of statutes on a de novo basis, resulting, of course, in a paralysis that would be out of sight, probably impossible, from my point of view.    And so, there's a sort of an opportunity to press down on OIRA and its leadership, which I've had some indication that they are small and understaffed, and with this enormous responsibility, and I would like to get from this hearing, not only from the Administrator, but the panels that follow, an idea of how we in the Congress can make the process more efficient and how the Administration can make it more efficient without Congress intervening, if that is possible. That's why the hearing is important.    The government has the obligation to protect health, welfare, and safety of all our citizens with the need to foster economic growth. And so, it's in that spirit that I come to this hearing to hear our Administrator describe how things work inside OIRA, and what the challenges are that you are faced with. We know that the time--that the time--period of time for regulation is getting pretty long, and we want you to candidly tell us what you can do about it, and what we should do about it. And so, I thank Chairman Marino for holding this hearing. And, like my colleague, Mr. Johnson, I look forward to the work product of this important coming together. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.