    Ms. HARNED. Thank you, Chairman Chabot and Ranking Member Velazquez, for inviting me here today. On behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business, I appreciate this opportunity to testify on the hidden tax that regulation represents on small business. According to our latest NFIB Small Business Economic Trends Survey, 21 percent of small business owners cited government regulations and red tape as their single-most important problem. Despite the devastating impact of regulation on small businesses, federal agencies continue to turn out approximately 10 new regulations a day with a stunning 3,297 federal regulations in the pipeline.    When it comes to regulations, small businesses bear a disproportionate amount of the regulatory burden as compared to larger businesses. This is not surprising since it is the small business owner, not one of a team of compliance officers, who is charged with understanding new regulations, filling out the required paperwork, and ensuring the business is in compliance with new federal mandates. The small business owner is the compliance officer for her business, and every hour she spends understanding and complying with a federal regulation is 1 less hour she has to service customers and plan for future growth.    Today, I want to focus on a category of regulations that does not seem to get as much attention in Washington, and that is labor regulations. Small businesses can be found in virtually all industries. Whether you are a manufacturer, a baker, or a dry cleaner, the one thing you are going to have in common is employees. For the small business NFIB represents, who on average have 10 employees or less, these regulations can be some of the most challenging. The small metal fabricator, for example, goes into business knowing how to finish metal products. He has a good sense of where he goes to get the supplies he needs and what kind of skills he is going to be needing in his workforce. But what he likely is not going to know is the best practices regarding wage and overtime calculation, compliance with various state and federal discrimination laws, and hiring.    On July 6, 2015, the Department of Labor published a proposed rule that would more than double the minimum salary a worker must receive to $970 per week, or $50,440 annually, in order to be considered exempt from overtime requirements. The nearly $750 million DOL's initial regulatory flexibility analysis estimates small businesses would face in new costs during the rule's first rule underestimates the true compliance costs for a small business. For example, DOL estimates it is going to take 1 hour for businesses to become familiar with the rule, but this assumption disregards a basic reality of regulatory compliance. It is the small business owner that will be wading through the rule's regulatory text, not compliance specialists like those working for large corporations. This rule will not require just a simple look at a salaried employee's weekly wages. If an employee is currently salaried and makes greater than the current threshold of $455 per week but less than the proposed $970 per week, the small business owner would spend a considerable amount of time calculating various scenarios.    NFIB member Robert Mayfield owns five Dairy Queens in and around Austin, Texas, and he believes this rule would be bad news for employers and employees. Currently, Mr. Mayfield employs exempt managers at all five of his locations, and these individuals earn, on average, about $30,000 per year, and work between 40 to 50 hours per week. The managers also receive bonuses, more flexible work arrangements including paid vacations and sick time, training opportunities, and promotions that Mayfield's hourly employees do not get. Under DOL's proposal, Mayfield predicted that he will need to move the managers back to hourly positions as there is simply no way he can afford to pay over 10 managers $50,000 each. Mayfield noted that rather than giving managers overtime, he is likely to hire a few more part-time employees. He says, ``I feel most sorry for the many enthusiastic people who work for me, who have worked hard to advance into their dream of a salaried management position.'' He continues, ``How can you be a manager and punch a time clock? The idea is to do a job, not to keep track of your hours. This is the antithesis of building a management mentality or in training someone to be a manager. It would also disrupt the workplace and lead to fewer management opportunities. It would hurt, not help, the people we claim that we want to help.''    As I detail in my written statement, DOL's overtime rule is just one of many labor regulations, like OSHA's silica rule and the persuader rule out of Department of Labor, that are imposing a hidden tax on small business, and these hidden taxes are in addition to those found in significant environmental regulations, like the ``waters of the U.S.'' rule and EPA's Power Plan rule.    Small businesses are the engine of our economy. Unfortunately, they also bear a disproportionate weight of government regulation. Complying with these and other regulations prevents small business owners from creating and growing new jobs.    Thank you so much for holding this important hearing on regulations as a hidden tax on small business, and we look forward to working with you on these important issues going forward.    Ms. HARNED. Actually, in many instances they are being resolved favorably because, for example, the certification questions that even the ``waters of the U.S.'' rule presents. You either complied with the law or you did not. Right? We have won in past cases on those issues. The problem is they are Pyrrhic victories, because that win is going to take place years after the rule has taken effect. That is why the legislation that you supported, that the House has passed and, that the Senate needs to pass, is so critical, because it will allow for judicial review in that critical process where the agency has decided not to certify a rule or has failed to properly comply with doing an appropriate RFA analysis as the rule requires.    Ms. HARNED. Honestly, I would probably not be your person to answer that question. Our members really do primarily operate in the United States. They do not do much internationally.    Ms. HARNED. Thank you for that question, because that is a very important issue that I have seen in my 14 years at NFIB. A state will tell somebody to do one thing. You will see it with building codes, all sorts of things. The federal government will come in, or an inspector will come in and say, oh, no, you need to do it that way. Really what I think all regulators need to do, and we need to come up with a system to meet the small business owner where they are, they need to know once I have gone through this one inspection, whether it is a state inspection, a federal inspection, even an inspection by a workers' comp insurer, they have hit the marks that they need to hit, that they are good, because they want to meet the requirements that are asked of them. But, if the requirements are different for different people that are coming in at different times, it gets very confusing and challenging, and quite frankly, frustrating.    Ms. HARNED. I actually think all small business owners, regardless whether minority-owned or not, are in it together on this issue, if I may, because I think that is the biggest issue. None of them are able to really find out what is required. I talked to colleagues, friends, members in different industries, and they really are relying on the trade association newsletter to alert them to things. Really, the outreach that can come to all communities, minority included, to the small businesses, there cannot be enough communication, enough channels of communication, in my opinion, because I still think so much of this comes as a shock. ``Oh, wait. We need to be doing that? I had no idea.'' I think that is particularly problematic if you are in a more insulated community or not as familiar with business, if, you are just new to business.    Ms. HARNED. I have suggested to agencies before, partnering with small trades, getting the information, working with them to disseminate the information, get the information out. The same can be done with the minority communities. Bringing those organizations in to help them find their people, meet them, let them know what the rules are, and then also help them with compliance. Compliance assistance is key for everyone.    Ms. HARNED. We definitely are hearing more from members on this issue, and this was actually one of the regulatory, rules that has given us great concern. My Legal Center issued an underground regulation report last fall that highlighted the Operation Chokepoint and other mandates that have been coming out of agencies that have not gone through the process, have not had the benefit of Reg Flex. As a result, it seems it is targeted in different areas of the country, and so we are just seeing these complaints, if you will, come up through different industries, different parts of the country. But all of this is something that could have been foreseen had the agency gone through the requirements of the regulatory process instead of doing this through some DOJ memo or however this program unfolded.    Ms. HARNED. Honestly, I cannot speak to that. I feel like that would be something for our research team, but I could get back to you.    Ms. HARNED. If I may, this has been something that NFIB has really been on the front lines of in the various states fighting because of the Robert Mayfields of the world. The concern is what it does for the entire workforce because it is not just getting that first employee up to $15 an hour, an employee that you may be training that will eventually be making and truly producing that value for the business. It also means what do you do about Joe that prior to the increase was making $17 an hour or $16 an hour? You are not just raising the labor cost, it is not just the lowest person on the ladder; it is going to impact everyone. When you have the small business owners that we represent that are really sometimes netting $100,000 a year if they are lucky, there is not a lot of money to play with there. The pie is just not getting any bigger.    Ms. HARNED. Right. I think the issue is the jobs. I think that Mr. Mayfield's story really demonstrates that. The other thing that I think is so important to focus on with regard to this rule, we live in a very expensive area, and $50,000 is not what it is in rural Texas. That is one of our biggest complaints with this rule, and we really were asking that the Department look at the fact that you have different markets all over the country. One size definitely does not fit all when it comes to this, and you are, as Mr. Mayfield suggests, punishing people that you are trying to build as managers; making them think as an hourly employee as opposed to doing what is good for the business. I really think, for the small business owners we represent, this rule is very much one of a job loss leader. Lack of sales may definitely come from that, too, because as people lose jobs, they have less money to spend. Our most recent report that was just issued on Tuesday shows now that lack of sales is coming back up as a big factor as to why small businesses are not expanding and doing poorly in this economy still today.    Ms. HARNED. That is the million-dollar question. I think one thing that can happen that would be helpful is, as we have seen with these big comprehensive bills, whether it is Obamacare or Dodd-Frank or whatever, there is way too much left unsaid in the statutory language, which means that the agencies get a clear path to fill in the blanks, if you will. Then you have years of jurisprudence in the courts that only give them the green light for that, saying we are going to defer to you, we are not going to second guess you. We have created, as an old professor Jonathan Turley said, the fourth branch of government now with these agencies. I really feel like starting in Congress, write clear, small, very direct legislation, and then aggressive oversight is also critical.