    Mr.  Cabrera. Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush and members of the committee, my name is Misael Cabrera and I am the director of the Arizona Department of the Environmental Quality.    I greatly appreciate the opportunity to share testimony today. As the lead State challenging the 2015 ozone standard in the court, Arizona does not support 70 parts per billion as the appropriate ozone standard.    We believe that the new standard is simply not achievable in many areas of our State. Although the Clean Air Act has five mechanisms to bring nonattainment areas into compliance or provide relief, these mechanisms are inadequate for Arizona and likely other Western States.    These mechanisms include improving air quality through State regulation, designating rural transport areas, designating interstate or international transport areas and demonstrating exceptional events.    I will discuss each mechanisms and its shortcomings in the context of a rural county in Arizona. Yuma County is located in the southwest corner of Arizona bordered by both California and Mexico.    The county contains a few small towns and the city of Yuma, which has an estimated population of about 100,000 and an unemployment rate of about 20 percent.    Yuma is predominantly an agricultural community and despite its lack of urbanization or industrialization, Yuma County will be designated as nonattainment under the new ozone standard.    As you may know, precursors for ozone include volatile organic compounds and oxides of nitrogen. According to EPA's 2011 National Emissions Inventory, industrial sources account for only 0.2 percent of the total VOC emissions and 5.3 percent of NOx emissions within the county. All other sources are either naturally occurring or not regulated by the State.    No matter how many local emissions controls are placed on Yuma County businesses, Yuma County will not achieve compliance under the new standard.    In addition, Yuma County would not qualify for the rural transport mechanism because the Clean Air Act states that a rural area seeking relief cannot be adjacent to or include any part of a metropolitan statistical area, defined by the U.S. Census as an entire county comprising 50,000 people or more.    The Cross-State Air Pollution Rule often mentioned as a relief mechanism is yet another option that does not apply to Yuma County. Although 20 percent of ozone concentrations in Yuma County emanate from California manmade sources, the rule only helps downwind nonattainment areas receive emissions reductions from upwind attainment areas.    This approach will not work for Yuma County because California has already implemented the most stringent controls in the country, is still unable to achieve compliance with the standard and has no emissions reductions to contribute downwind.    Further, the exceptional events rule is of dubious value to Yuma County, if not the whole country. Although Arizona has been a national leader in the development of exceptional event documentation or dust events, the process for documenting and receiving EPA approval of ozone-exceptional events has not been well explained, will almost certainly be resource intensive and is difficult to predict.    The best case scenario for Yuma is that our agency can make an international transport demonstration, given that EPA's own modeling shows that international sources are responsible for 68 percent of ozone emissions affecting Yuma on modeled exceedance days.    Unfortunately, that demonstration is only valid after the area has been designated as nonattainment and has exceeded the 3-year deadline.    This means Yuma would still have to comply with higher nonattainment classification requirements--requirements that would limit economic growth in a high unemployment area in perpetuity as a consequence of emission sources that originate primarily outside of Arizona and/or outside of Arizona's jurisdiction and control.    Yuma County is but one of many such counties in Arizona and the West. For all these reasons, Arizona is challenging the new ozone standard in court.    We also request that consideration be given to interstate and international transport demonstrations before areas are classified as nonattainment.    Thank you, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Cabrera. Congressman Barton, that is exactly why we are challenging the standard in court.    There are many areas that would be forced to put requirements on industry for air pollution that they did not create and that the State cannot regulate, and that puts rural counties in a very odd position.    We have looked at this very, very hard. Our stance as an agency is typically to cooperate with EPA whenever we can and on this particular issue we have looked at all of the mechanisms for relief that EPA provides and none of them work well for Arizona.    And so rather than holding counties accountable for air pollution that they did not create, we decided to challenge the standard in court.    Mr. Cabrera. There is very little that we can do. And so to answer the question about the exceptional events, the Clean Air Act and the rule will regulate an area that exceeds the standard on four days only the same as an area that exceeds the standard every day.    So an area that exceeds the standards on four days of the year versus an area that exceeds that standard every single day of the year get treated the same and that is the reason why you need exceptional events.    Mr. Cabrera. Well, we just want to clarify that the Clean Air Act has an escalation so you have time lines to meet the various standards.    You have 3 years, then 6 years, then 9 years, and there is increasing regulation on businesses every time you don't meet the standard. And that is why the background issue, the international transport issue is so big because you would be increasing standards on localities that have not caused the air pollution in the first place.    Mr. Cabrera. What it means is those requirements on business that keep business from opening up. What it means is that there's requirements on agriculture that keeps agriculture less efficient and what it means is that we are imposing restrictions on American business for pollution that's coming from international sources.