    Mr. Rohrabacher. I rise in support of all four of these resolutions, but in particular, I would like to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your leadership and H. Res. 210, which underscores the important role played by Khmer, Laotian, Hmong, and Montagnards during the Vietnam war.    Now, while not in the actual military, I found myself in the Central Highlands in Vietnam in 1967. And I was working with a Montagnard tribesman, who I would--the people who you could trust with your life were Montagnard tribesmen. And at that time, there were some troubles with relying on our allies in the South Vietnamese Army, but these tribal people, the Montagnards--and by the way, ``Montagnards'' means mountain people, and ``Hmong'' and ``Laotian'' mean mountain people. And what we are really talking about is an ancient separation of various peoples of that region between mountain people and valley people. And the Montagnards were very unsophisticated but most courageous. And they were short and small in stature, but just overwhelming in courage and honor with their word. So it is good that we are honoring them today because they saved a lot of American lives. And I witnessed that firsthand.    And, number two, I would like to thank Mr. Lowenthal for his H. Res. 728. Mr. Lowenthal has, as I did when I represented his district, which he represents now, a large Cambodian population of Cambodian-Americans, and the Cambodian-Americans have come here to be free, but they look back at their homeland, and after all these years when the Vietnam war is behind us, Cambodia is still run by the same tough guy, a corrupt regime that has been in power for over 30 years.    Let me just note, in a historical note, one reason why this is an important resolution for us is that the United States Government convinced Hun Sen, the tough guy who was put into power by a Vietnamese military, they convinced him that he should actually have a free and fair election. And he had it. And there were 20,000 United Nations troops that were permitted into Cambodia for that election. This must have been about the middle 1990s. And Hun Sen lost that election. It was very--he lost the election. And he was--but the American Ambassador at the time felt that Hun Sen would not give up power and that if we tried to force it, that he would--there would be bloodshed, et cetera. And we backed down. And there was a compromise. They would have two Prime Ministers and two Presidents. That bit of a lack of willingness to stand up has condemned the people of Cambodia all of these years to live under a tyrannical and corrupt regime.    And this resolution should remind us that the people of Cambodia are still suffering, and we should not leave them out of the equation when we are trying to decide where we are going to take a stand because it was our Ambassador who made the wrong decision that has condemned them all of these years. So what this resolution should be called is ``Mr. Hun Sen, it is time to go.'' And as we pass this resolution, I hope that message will be delivered to Hun Sen: It is time for you to go, Hun Sen. It is time for the people of Cambodia to have their freedom and to cast off this corrupt regime that steals their property and enriches a small clique of Hun Sen cronies.    So, with that said, I will be supporting of the resolutions but especially those two.