    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much. Thank you, Administrator Bolden, for being with us again.    The planetary sciences come up again and again, and I think in the opening Chairman's remarks he talked about why is NASA paying for NOAA's satellite research? Why is NASA paying for USGS's Landsat stuff? So why? Why don't they pay for----    Hon. Bolden. In the case of USGS and Landsat it is because the Congress refused the President's budget request to transfer money for Landsat into the Department of interior. So this Congress decided that sustained land imaging is really important, and they put the money back in the--you know, according to my budget people, they put the money back into NASA because we've done it for so long. I'll go back and double-check my memory, but I think that--that's pretty simple in that case.    Mr. Beyer. So you'd be fine to have it in the USGS budget as long as we put up there?    Hon. Bolden. As long as the nation continues to do sustained land imaging and weather and those kinds of things, I think any Administrator is perfectly happy to make sure that we support whoever's doing it. You would also have to transfer the people from NASA when you talk about the design and build of satellites because those agencies don't have the capability to do that.    Mr. Beyer. Okay.    Hon. Bolden. So this is--we have expertise, and that's, I think, why Congress comes back to us and puts the money in the NASA budget. So you're talking about a little bit more than just transferring money. You're probably going to transfer people if you really want those agencies to do what we do.    Mr. Beyer. So on the case of the mandatory spending, the $733 million from----    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Beyer. --cuts, consolidation, savings, did you do that or did the budget--in order to adapt to BCA, the Budget Control Act?    Hon. Bolden. I am told that the Budget Control Act was a large factor in the Office of Management and Budget deciding on how to divide the money. That is immaterial to me as the NASA Administrator. My conversations with the Director of OMB through his senior people was, look, you have $19 billion that the President is supporting, so that's--I didn't--I don't work with mandatory discretionary.    Mr. Beyer. Okay.    Hon. Bolden. My Chief Financial Officer, he can understand----    Mr. Beyer. Different question then.    Hon. Bolden. Yes.    Mr. Beyer. You mentioned in your testimony that because we were on a continuing resolution we didn't get the omnibus spending until just before Christmas. Would you have requested north of the $19.285 billion if you'd known when you were putting the budget together that we were going to authorize or actually appropriate $19.285 billion?    Hon. Bolden. Congressman Beyer, I always request more money then we get and, you know, any Administrator, Director, or anybody that doesn't go in with a significantly higher number than they expect they're going to get is asking not to get anything. I--you know, I think anybody would tell you the NASA Administrator always comes in with a higher number then I ultimately get.    Mr. Beyer. So that's----    Hon. Bolden. I do the same thing with the Congress.    Mr. Beyer. So it's safe to say that this 1.3 percent reduction is at least partly based on the absence of the information about where we're going to end up in fiscal year 2016?    Hon. Bolden. Largely based on that.    Mr. Beyer. Yes.    Hon. Bolden. Had we known that the Congress was going to appropriate $19.3 billion, I would have been comfortable going in and asking for even more than we asked for.    Mr. Beyer. So there are some cynics who suggested that OMB and NASA deliberately understated deep space exploration, Space Launch System, Orion, because they knew that the Space Committee and Congress love those and would push them back.    Hon. Bolden. That is--I've heard that stated before, but as I said again, at the President's requested budget level, we are on target and we will produce the first flight of SLS and Orion with a human crew in 2023, and we have a 70 percent confidence level that we can do that. That's how we came up with the 2023 and, you know, we decided 70 percent was the number we want to make, and it's a lot more fancy than I can explain in this hearing, but that's the number we came up with. And if all we got was the President's budget request, we would be launching EM-2 in 2023.    I do have to say, we are focused on a program to get humans to Mars, not the first two flights, and we could spend everything in the world on EM-1 and EM-2 and then have nothing left for a sustained program. So we're using--if you gave me more money, I'd buy down risk, go back to Ms. Edwards' question. There is always risk, and more money for me means I can spend more to buy down risk. And it----    Mr. Beyer. We only have 20 seconds left so very quickly, the roadmap, the Journey to Mars, many people have criticized that we're--Congress and NASA are not yet on the same page in terms of what that roadmap needs to be.    Hon. Bolden. I think we're much more on the same page than most people are willing to admit. We don't know how--ultimately how we're going to make the final step from cislunar space to Mars. We just don't know, and it would be irresponsible of me as the NASA Administrator to pick a particular design reference mission the way we've always done in NASA and try to hold everybody to that to try to determine what the final architecture is going to be.    If we decided right now, the question that the Congressman from Alabama asked, that says nuclear thermal propulsion is out because I don't have a budget that sustains nuclear thermal propulsion or VASIMR or any of those advanced propulsion systems now. But I'm an optimistic person, and I think that by the time we reach the end of the 2020s, the middle of the 2020s, we will have gotten sufficient funding from the Congress and the Administration that we'll be well on the way to new types of in-space propulsion. We'll be able to have much more robust environmental control and life support systems, and that just--we're not there yet, and so it would be irresponsible of me to try to give you an architecture and a roadmap that has milestone flights with a design of a vehicle. We're just not there yet.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, sir, very much. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, Congress has expressed in the past--or the concerns have been expressed that it's not safe to have missile rocket launches and offshore oil rigs in the same area. In 2015, NASA stated that the presence of either temporary or fixed structures at or below the sea surface within our range hazard areas, would have significant detrimental effects on our ability to conduct aerospace test activities.'' In addition, there was a warning that ``impact with an oil platform would cause catastrophic damage and would result in the complete loss of expensive launch vehicles.'' So Tuesday, the Administration, Secretary Jewell, reversed course on mid-Atlantic oil and gas leasing program, at least through 2022. Could you tell us if offshore oil and gas drilling and exploration off Virginia's coast is consistent with the activity of NASA Wallops?    Hon. Bolden. Mr. Beyer, I'll take that for the record. I will say one thing about the comment you made. Any spacecraft that impacts anything here on Earth is bad for the--whether there's an oil well there or not, if it comes back to Earth, it's a bad day. So having an oil well there doesn't make a difference, but I'll take it for the record to find the answer to your specific question.    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Good. Because I was trying to quote NASA there as much as I could so----    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir. And I understand that. I have some incredible people, a lot smarter than I am, and so they're going to educate me so I can answer your question.    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Good. How about a brief progress report on James Webb Telescope, and are we still on track for launch October 2018?    Hon. Bolden. We are on track for launch October 2018, and we actually have--I'll try to get this right--about a 7-1/2 month cost and schedule reserve, which we--in all probability we'll need because there are some critical tests upcoming when we move the spacecraft down to the Johnson Space Center, and there's always something that comes up that you don't anticipate. So it's the place you want to be. But we're on track right now for 2018.    Mr. Beyer. It's very exciting. Thank you, General.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.