    Mr. Duffy. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to testify before you today. At the outset, I'd like to compliment the Subcommittee for devoting time and attention to the Chevron doctrine. This single doctrine has enormous practical and theoretical importance in the courts. And yet, it remains deeply controversial and confusing.    I believe that the Congress could write and enact clarifying legislation to supplant Chevron with more theoretically sound, and more easily understood principles.    I want to begin with two significant missteps, made in the Chevron opinion itself. First, and most importantly, the Supreme Court decided for itself, based on its own assessments of good policy and institutional competence where the Court should defer to agency statutory interpretations. The Court assumed, at least implicitly that Congress did not have an opinion on the matter. That implicit assumption was wrong. If the Court considered statutory law, it would have found that the first sentence of 706 of the APA requires the reviewing court to decide all relevant questions of law. And it would have found that the text structure, legislative history and a consistent line of judicial precedence all supported reading that sentence as requiring de novo review of agency interpretations.    Second, the Chevron court muddled the distinction between giving some weight to an agency's view as a part of the process of interpreting the statute, and recognizing the scope of an agency's delegated rulemaking or lawmaking powers.    Traditionally, courts engaged in statutory interpretations would not afford an agency's view significant weight if the agency had flip-flopped on its interpretation. The intuition here is easy to understand, where an agency has held inconsistent views, the varying agency positions are simply unhelpful in determining a statute's meanings.    By contrast, where an agency is wielding a delegated lawmaking power, courts fully expect administrative change. Indeed, the ability of an agency to change is part and parcel of a rulemaking power, which, as defined by the APA, encompasses not just the power to formulate rules, but also the power to amend and to repeal prior rules.    Chevron blended these two concepts together. It treated the issue in the case as involving deference, but borrowed from the delegation theories the crucial point that agencies can change their positions with no penalty whatsoever. As shown in my written testimony, Chevron itself is an excellent demonstration of how agencies exercise their delegated rulemaking powers, and the government itself presented the case to the Supreme Court on a delegation theory. The courts articulation of the new theory of statutory interpretation was as unnecessary as it was unwarranted.    Post Chevron cases, especially United States v. Mead and King v. Burwell, have begun to reinterpret Chevron as the doctrine about delegation rather than deference. Nevertheless, corrective legislation would still be desirable because the case law remains deeply confusing.    I believe legislation should be drafted around four principles: First and foremost, that Congress should reassert, in the clearest possible terms, that reviewing courts are to decide all questions of law and decide those questions de novo, without any deference to the administrative agency's positions.    Second, the legislation should recognize that where Congress has delegated lawmaking powers to an agency, reviewing courts should give proper scope to those powers, and allow the agency to write rules that are not arbitrary, capricious or contrary to law. This principle would count for the actual result in the Chevron case, but would make clear that the agency's power is grounded in the congressional delegation and not in deference.    Third, the Congress might also consider recognizing the traditional view that some administrative issues are mixed questions of law, in fact, and the courts might properly give some deference to the agency's application of law to the facts of a particular case.    Fourth and finally, Congress might also recognize the principle articulated by the Supreme Court in Skidmore v. Swift that in interpreting a statute de novo, courts may consider an agency's position as some evidence of a statute's meaning. Importantly, the agency would not have the power to control, but merely the power to persuade, a respect similar in kind to what might be afforded a prominent treatise, or nice law review article. Together, these principles reaffirm what Congress previously codified in section 706 of the APA, and restore the court's traditional role as articulated in Marbury v. Madison, to say with the law is.    Thank you for your time and attention to these issues, and thank you, again, Mr. Chairman, for the invitation to speak.    Mr. Duffy. Well, I agree that it is a mystery. Indeed, I think that my colleague, Professor Hammond, said that this doctrine of Chevron is a model of judicial self-restraint. And, really, I think it's quite the opposite. Because there was a specific statute that governs judicial review. And not only did the Court go against that, go against the history, but it didn't even attempt to read the statute. It didn't even engage in the statute, and it still hasn't engaged in the statute. Indeed, some of the oddities is that Justice Scalia, at times, even in his writing, and recently in a judicial opinion, recognized that the Chevron doctrine seem to be completely inconsistent with the APA. So it is a mystery.    Now, I think that creates the confusion, too, that you've got one set of principles, like Chevron with its two steps, and then you've got the APA, and that those two things keep passing in the night. So I think that is unfortunate.