    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ratcliffe mentioned this reminded him of the movie Groundhog Day. This also reminds me of the Leonardo DiCaprio movie, Catch Me If You Can, where he dresses up like an airline pilot, just waltzes right in through security. Because these are very real issues.    We had a hearing of the Oversight Committee, which I was Ranking at the time, at Logan Airport several years ago, and one of the major things that came out of that was the fact that there is real jurisdictional problems with airports that we have. We are hearing it again here today, in very severe terms.    I just want to follow up and say, if you have noncompliance by the municipal airport, what can you do about it? I mean, we found holes in fences, perimeters not being looked at, and they were cited in vulnerability assessments and other things, and nothing was done because there was no enforcement over those municipal airports or whoever runs the airport authority, whoever runs these things.    We are seeing now in testimony this morning that when you are reviewing some of the employment vetting that is there, that you are doing only 1 percent of it. But you are finding mistakes that they don't do and they didn't come forward with it. Yet, how is that followed up? How are they penalized for that? What are they threatened with for that?    It seems like we have a basic jurisdictional issue aside from information sharing here, where you have Federal agencies that aren't helping each other or giving each other information that they should be giving each other. We are going to change the law to make sure that is the case. Yet, what are you doing with the municipalities?    Now, Ms. Fitzmaurice, there was an effort on the part of TSA to take the exit lanes in that inner security area and move the authority away from TSA employees and give it to the local--give the responsibility to the local municipal employees. Given what we have discussed this morning, is it fair to say that is sufficiently dead? Are you going to stop pushing that effort to get rid of TSA employees and replace them with municipal airport employees, or authority of the airport, you know, their employees?    Are you aware of what that effort has been in the last couple of years trying to shift that responsibility?    Mr. Keating. No. No. You have been asking the airports over the last couple of years to shift the responsibility, take the responsibility with--they are putting their employees now in that exit lane out of the airports in which many airports is right next to where people are coming in. That has been delayed, I think in part, because Members of the committee expressing concerns.    Is it fair to say, given what we are hearing this morning, that that is not going to be pursued anymore?    Mr. Keating. Also, when we are looking at the number studies, I want to thank GAO. I mean, on the vulnerability studies on the physical aspects of this, we found that it is less than 3 percent of the airports that are being reviewed. This morning, we found out it is only 1 percent. We also know that the airports aren't doing their job either. It is too many of them. So we have these lapses all the way through. What I would hope, and maybe I can ask Mr. Roth this, do you think there is a need to have more accountability and a better need to enforce the operations of airport authorities and municipal airports as well when they can just look at the recommendations, look at what has been found, and we are not even clear anything's done other than them--they can shrug their shoulders, as they did with perimeter security when we addressed it, just say, well, we don't have the resources for this.    I just don't want to see a situation where we have a strategy and the Federal Government is pointing their finger at municipal airports and the authorities, the authorities are pointing at the Federal Government, our other law enforcements all pointing their fingers. Finger-pointing is dangerous, and it is going to get us nowhere. That is what we have been dealing with in the last few years.    So do you think there is a need to put teeth in what the TSA can do with airports?    Mr. Keating. The answer when it comes to vulnerability studies, it is a toothless grin, nothing. So let's find out here and put some teeth in what we are trying to do.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.