    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chair.    I've got to say to the chair, listening to this long list of problems, you know, the question comes to mind, well, what could go wrong with that? Unfortunately, the answer is pretty ugly.    This hearing is a very important hearing on the loss of missing firearms that have been donated to State and local law enforcement agencies through the GSA surplus firearm donation program. The numbers are very disturbing, as you point out, Mr. Chairman: 486 missing firearms since 1999; 308 of them traded to firearms dealers without required GSA approval. In 2002, the New Ellenton, South Carolina, Police Department traded five Uzi submachine guns it had received through the program to a gun shop for new equipment. In 2012, the Cayce Police Department in South Carolina sold two grenade launchers it had received through the program to a firearms dealer in Tennessee. GSA then lost track of the weapons.    We agree on the fact that the missing weapons from this program are a problem, but it's no ordinary problem. Can anybody tell us why the Cayce, South Carolina, Police Department, which polices a city of less than 13,000, needed two military-style grenade launchers in the first place or why any civilian would need to own a grenade launcher for hunting or self-defense?    This begs the question, why do our gun control policies allow for the purchase of a weapon designed for maximum destruction? The flaws in our lax gun control policies are highlighted in the unbridled buying and selling of these dangerous weapons by just about anybody.    In the fall of 2014, Federal programs that outfit State and local law enforcement agencies with weapons, military-style vehicles and riot gear received heightened scrutiny when we saw disturbing images of highly armed police officers during the protest in Ferguson, Missouri. The GSA firearms donation program is much smaller than some of those other programs. It can serve a valid purpose: donating law enforcement equipment to police departments that need it in order to outfit officers with basic supplies. It's not a program we need to end, but it's clearly one that needs reform, as you point out, Mr. Chairman, in terms of inventory accountability and technology.    I commend the President for taking executive action last year to scale back the type of military equipment and heavy weaponry that are donated to local law enforcement agencies. The executive order establishes standard procedures for all law enforcement acquisition programs and seeks to ensure local law enforcement agencies are trained in the proper use of controlled equipment. The President established a working group that reached out to stakeholders, including law enforcement and civil liberties groups, in an effort to strike the right balance between policing and civil rights.    The inspector general, Ms. Ochoa, also made recommendations to improve data management and the inventory process following these firearms. Incredibly, the IG found that, in some cases, records for this program were kept in paper form. That's unbelievable considering the magnitude of the program and the potential consequences of weapons getting into the wrong hands.    And this brings us back to a recurring theme on this committee and our subcommittee, particularly, Mr. Chairman, and that is the inadequacies of our IT investments in the Federal Government and what could go wrong with that.    Without question, tighter controls and additional reforms are desirable. For example, yesterday, committee staff asked the IG: Oh, by the way, whatever became of those missing grenade launchers? And we learned, just yesterday, that they are currently for sale by gun dealers in Colorado and Florida, as the chairman indicated.    There appear to be no consequences to the law enforcement agencies that violate the program. It's my understanding the Cayce Police Department only had to pay GSA fair market value for the weapons as a restitution. That's the full extent of the correction for violating the terms of the weapons transfer.    There's no provision I'm aware of to recover Federal weapons that have been put into general commerce by local police departments in violation of the terms of their contracts with GSA, to say nothing of the potential threat to public safety.    I want to know today whether the GSA or GSA IG intends to, in fact, recover those grenade launchers. Some of my colleagues, I know, will disagree on whether or not the general public should be able to purchase grenade launchers. Even if you do disagree with me on that, surely, you would agree that the sale of such weapons and hundreds of others we donated to local police departments at least must be accounted for.    Ms. Ochoa, as inspector general, you are charged with rooting out waste, fraud, and abuse. This seems to be in one of those categories. I thank you for the work you have already done to highlight the issues in this program. I'm curious to hear from all of you today what happens from here, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to try to find common ground to tighten up our program that certainly started out with good intentions and has gone awry.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Sisk, I'm going to ask you to pull this up close, because we can't always hear you. Thank you.    Let me start with how this works, because--first of all, how long have we had this program?    Mr. Connolly. 1999. So what's the inception of it? So somebody sits around the office saying: You know, we've got these extra grenade launchers.    First of all, where do you get the weapons from? GSA isn't an armory?    Mr. Connolly. Okay, civilian agents?    Mr. Connolly. And somebody had some grenade launchers, just to pick an example?    Mr. Connolly. Okay. So you get them. Do you have a choice? Can you say, ``We don't want those''?    Mr. Connolly. So it's a paper responsibility?    Mr. Connolly. They are located somewhere?    Mr. Connolly. But that means you've got a tracking system so you know where they are in order to transfer them to somebody?    Mr. Connolly. Okay. So somebody has grenade launchers in the Federal civilian sector, and you get them--I mean, not physically, but your responsibility. Now what happens? Do you sit around saying, ``Well, I wonder who could use a grenade launcher; what do you think?'' Is that what happens?    Mr. Connolly. What happens? What's the analysis that gets us from, ``we're in possession of this''--not physically--``and we need to divest ourselves of it'' and hopefully deploy it somewhere where it could do some good?    Mr. Connolly. I'm sorry. I can't hear you.    Mr. Connolly. Go ahead.    Mr. Connolly. So Mr. Ekin in Georgia would say: Hey, they've got some grenade launchers; we could use those. Is that what happens? They'd bid on them, or they put in an application?    Mr. Connolly. Well, but what if Georgia wants--you only got two. Georgia wants them, and--I don't know--Michigan wants them.    Mr. Connolly. Based on what criteria?    Mr. Connolly. Okay. That brings us to the two grenade launchers.    Mr. Connolly. So, in that process that you just described, someone decided that a place called Cayce, South Carolina, with 13,000 population, needed two grenade launchers? Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Well, but you pass no qualitative judgment on that? So South Carolina says Cayce needs them; Cayce needs them, unquestioned; let's get rid of them, get them off our books?    Mr. Connolly. So you absolve yourself of all responsibility as an agency in terms of justification?    Mr. Connolly. I'm not talking about tracking. We're not there yet.    Mr. Connolly. I'm talking about justification a priori.    I represent a jurisdiction--well, I was chairman of a jurisdiction of 1.1 million people. I can't imagine my police department putting in for grenade launchers, but maybe they did. But a town of 13,000, did anyone kind of raise the eyebrows a little bit going, ``I wonder what Cayce, South Carolina, is going to do with two grenade launchers''?    Mr. Connolly. Got it. I understand. I'm trying to understand the problem.    Mr. Connolly. So, subsequently, apparently, Cayce sold these two grenade launchers? Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Is it your understanding that the purpose of this program, inter alia, is a revenue source for localities, a way of raising money; let's sell dangerous weapons and raise some money?    Mr. Connolly. So when Cayce sold two grenade launchers, it was in violation of their contract? Is that not correct?    Mr. Connolly. They signed a contract.    Mr. Connolly. With you?    Mr. Connolly. And they signed that document?    Mr. Connolly. And, clearly, they violated it. Was it a willful violation? Did you even look into that?    Mr. Connolly. Well, I think one of the purposes of our hearing here is to try to understand what happened. I mean, I only was half jocular when I said: You've got to ask yourself the question, what could go wrong?    Now, Ms. Norton and I represent urban-suburban areas of the United States, and it is a very important question to us, what can go wrong? In my community yesterday, we buried a young police officer. She was 90 minutes on the job, first day. She was gunned down by a man who had access to lots of weapons, who also had killed his wife just before in a domestic violence dispute. That isn't a grenade launcher, but it is a reminder. Certainly, in congested areas like Ms. Norton and I represent, we want to be real careful over what gets into whose hands.    And I got to tell you, this question of accountability in this program--while it's not a huge program and it's dwarfed by the number of arms in America--but it is troubling to think that somebody could so easily divest themselves of grenade launchers. And, again, what could go wrong with that?    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Connolly. Would my friend yield just for a quick followup to his----    Mr. Connolly. I thank my friend.    DOD has a separate parallel program?    Mr. Connolly. Is it also following the reforms you have made, the limitations you have put on, what can be transferred?    Mr. Connolly. So grenade launchers might be transferred by DOD's program?    Mr. Connolly. Okay. We're going to want to know more about that.    Mr. Connolly. I thank my friend.    And if you could hold the time, we also very much appreciate Chief Lanier, who represented the District at the service.    Mr. Connolly. Can I interrupt one second--Mr. Ekin, I'm sorry--on this issue you're bringing up? I asked you specifically in my questioning, Mr. Sisk, was this a revenue-generating program, or was this an enhancement of capability program? And you said it was not a revenue-enhancement program. And now where the chairman just took us, actually, that is the practical effect of what you're contemplating doing, which is lifting the perpetual restriction, because then, they--all you're doing is transferring your surplus program and making it a revenue-generating program for local law enforcement, not an enhancement program. And what I worry about is then it could get into the wrong hands. And we already know that happened with grenade launchers. So I'm not reassured by your answer at all. And it seems to contradict your earlier answer as to, with respect to Cayce.    Mr. Connolly. Well----    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Ekin, I interpreted you, and I'm sorry.    Mr. Connolly. Not at all. I completely agree with you, where you're headed, Mr. Chairman.    Is it correct, Mr. Sisk, that in all of 2015, a total of 57 firearms were donated?    Mr. Connolly. Seventy-three?    Mr. Connolly. Even so, given all the grief, wouldn't it have been easier to destroy them? I mean, you can't argue that it makes an appreciably significant impact on local governments with the number 73.    Mr. Connolly. And given all of the headaches and a bad IG report and congressional hearings--and now we're going to consider legislation about whether you're even the right agency to be disposing of these--why not just destroy them?    Mr. Connolly. But you would concede it's gone awry?    Mr. Connolly. But even on the receiving end, I know it's not necessarily indicative of the whole program, but the example of the two grenade launchers is instructive. It goes to a small town in South Carolina. And there's no one with a straight face at the State level who could have said: I think they need grenade launchers there in Cayce. And, of course, they didn't because Cayce promptly sold them illegally.    Mr. Connolly. I'm from Virginia, as you know. And they didn't need them, apparently. They sold them for revenue in violation of the contract, but they did. And so that is also troubling. There's no substantive analysis or set of vigorous criteria to guide this program. And that--when it's tainted at the very beginning of the program, no wonder we got problems at the end of the program. And I could understand if we're talking about, you know, 73,000 or 730,000 weapons or firearms; we got to get our arms around this. But the number is so small; it makes you wonder whether it's worth the grief. And that's something that, seems to me, the Federal Government ought to consider. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.