    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As we gather today, I just want to take a moment to thank you, Chairman Wenstrup, for conducting the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee in such a productive, positive, and bipartisan manner in this Congress. You have led the EO Subcommittee so that it has become the most productive of the four House Veterans' Affairs Committee subcommittees thus far in the 114th Congress. Under your leadership, we have conducted a legislative hearing and a markup under regular order, and we have forwarded 11 bills favorably to the full committee with unanimous bipartisan support. Five of our bills have actually passed the House.    I particularly want to also congratulate my colleague, who is not here, Miss Rice, on seeing her very first piece of legislation pass the House, H.R. 1382, the BRAVE Act.    So, on this high note, today we begin our second round of legislative hearings with nine bills before us. I have introduced two of these bills: H.R. 2360, the Career-Ready Student Veterans Act, and H.R. 2361, the Work-Study for Student Veterans Act. I am very grateful that both enjoy bipartisan support.    The first, H.R. 2360, the Career-Ready Student Veterans Act, ensures that career education programs designed to prepare our student veterans for entry into the workforce are actually doing so. The bill would mandate that programs meet certain requirements in order to be eligible to receive GI Bill benefits.    Currently, education programs can be eligible for GI Bill benefits even if they lack proper accreditation or do not meet State licensure or certification requirements. This means that veterans can use their hard-earned education benefits to attend programs that do not prepare them for a career in their field of study. H.R. 2360 would change this policy so that student veterans could only use their GI Bill benefits at education programs that meet proper accreditation, licensure, and certification requirements.    Now, the Department of Defense already has this policy in place to protect servicemembers using tuition assistance benefits. It only makes sense that Congress should protect student veterans in the same way.    I am very proud to say that H.R. 2360 enjoys clear bipartisan support, and I urge my colleagues to consider supporting the bill as we listen to the testimony today.    My second bill, H.R. 2361, the Work-Study for Student Veterans Act, reinstates certain Department of Veterans Affairs student work-study activities that expired on June 30, 2013.    Through the VA's Student Work-Study Allowance Program, qualifying student veterans in college degree programs or vocational or professional programs are paid to work in a variety of capacities on campus at VA facilities or at other veterans-centered organizations to assist fellow veterans.    The work-study program achieves two important goals: offering student veterans a way to earn a little extra money, and providing transitioning veterans with the guidance and assistance of fellow veterans who know firsthand what the transition is like.    Unfortunately, the 113th Congress in the Senate failed to act on H.R. 1453, the Work-Study for Student Veterans Act, which passed the House and would have extended the authorization for several qualifying VA work-study activities.    I hope my colleagues will join me in support of this bill as we go forward. I hope we might hear from the VA today that they would like to see this program made permanent.    Now, there is a lot on the agenda, and I don't want to take up too much time here, but I do appreciate all of our witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to their testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Takano. I thank you for those comments.    Before I ask my next question, and it is going to be on Chairman Miller's VA Accountability Act, H.R. 1994, I am concerned about the effect that the VA Accountability Act would have on VA employees' due process rights. As we consider this matter, I think it is important for members to understand the background of the Merit System Protection Board and the necessary protections to prevent civil servants, especially whistleblowers, from being unfairly targeted.    So I ask unanimous consent to include a May 2015 report to Congress from the MSPB on due process in Federal civil service employment into the record.    Mr. Takano. Continuing my question. There is a disagreement about how H.R. 1994 would affect whistleblowers, and I am concerned that the bill would deter employees from reporting the misconduct of their supervisors because they could be easily fired out of retaliation.    Can you talk about how H.R. 1994 will affect whistleblowers? Again, Mr. Gehrke.    Mr. Takano. Mr. Gehrke, thank you for your testimony and the views of the VFW.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Kelly, you said there is no data on the effect of the change in transferability. But can you tell me just how important the educational benefits are to the military's ability to recruit people into the voluntary force? I mean, where does that rank in terms of an incentive for people to join the military?    Mr. Takano. It is a compelling reason, it is one of the number-one reasons or top three reasons why people--you don't know about that?    Mr. Takano. But at least 50% identify this as a reason they join.    Mr. Takano. I would like to know that. If we knew that, it would help me make some inferences, even in advance of the data, on specifically how transferability should work.    It is my own sense that it is a very important recruiting tool for our voluntary forces. And, as a ranking member of this committee, I want to make sure that we make good on that promise, that that promise is not hollow, that, indeed, people are able to use these benefits positive effect.    There are three levels of, protections. And, seems to me that political appointees that are at will. Is that correct? In any one of the Federal departments, but there are appointees that are very much close to the top who can be fired ``at will.'' Is that true?    Mr. Takano. And in this quest for accountability for some of the egregious things that have happened within the Department, we saw that there was a firing--not a firing, of course, but Secretary Shinseki resigned his position. So, at the very top, there was an at-will sort of act. But, in this case, he wasn't fired, but circumstances came together that he actually left under those conditions. But there is a level below the political appointees. And, for the public, can you tell me what is that level generally known as?    Mr. Takano. The SES.    Mr. Takano. And H.R. 1994 extends--so we have legislation that affected the SES----    Mr. Takano . That was passed. And that was the statement that President Obama was addressing----    Mr. Takano . That we should be able to hold the SES, the senior management that are typically in the civil service----    Mr. Takano. We streamlined the ability of, say, Secretary McDonald to be able to discipline and dismiss this level of employee.    Mr. Takano. And now we are talking about, in this new legislation that is pending before us, an extension of this streamlining or to make it much more easy to fire people that are below the SES.    Mr. Takano. And that is the scope that we have that you hesitate to say is a good idea, that we may be subjecting people that are below the SES, the Senior Executive Service, to far less job protections than are necessary so that they may report bad actions to superiors.    Mr. Takano. Don't you also believe there is also a problem of politicization of the Department, that we, in effect, turn the entire department over to political patronage? That people who can be fired at will up and down the chain put us in the position of an administration coming in and firing everybody, and then there is a huge number of jobs that can be filled.    Mr. Takano. If they can be fired at will, you know--I mean, this is something that existed, sort of, in the mid-19th century. And that is the whole reason why we had civil service reform acts, was to protect--so we need to find the sweet spot.    Mr. Takano . Enough protections. But we also want to prevent rent-seeking, as well.    Mr. Takano. Mr. Chairman, my time is up. I yield back.