    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Administrator McCarthy, most of the cleanup of hazardous waste from abandoned and inactive hardrock mines like Gold King is carried out by the EPA and state government agencies.    Mr. Clay. The hazardous waste at these abandoned mines was caused, however, by the activities of mining companies, not EPA or state government. Is that correct?    Mr. Clay. It was the mining companies that made the mess, but those companies are not the ones cleaning it up. Do mine owners or operators have any legal obligation to clean up the pollution they leave behind?    Mr. Clay. Why is the EPA involved at all in the cleanup of inactive mines like Gold King?    Mr. Clay. So, there are constant pollutants seeping into the river from the mine, and it has been going on for years, apparently----    Mr. Clay. And, of course, today's hearing--you do not have to respond to this--but today's hearing is to blame the EPA for the callous disregard of mining companies, of not being good stewards of our environment. I think it is a farce, what we are conducting here with you.    I understand that for abandoned and inactive coal mines, there is a dedicated funding source for mine waste cleanup which is derived from fees collected on each ton of coal mined in this country. Is there a similar funding source for hardrock mine remediation?    Mr. Clay. Are mine owners financing the cleanup of the mine waste that pollutes the land and rivers for decades after the mines cease operations?    Mr. Clay. Oh, my. Do you believe the President's proposal, if enacted, would help provide necessary resources for cleaning up abandoned mines?    Mr. Clay. Well, it is about time that we, as a Congress, get serious about responsible parties, and who is responsible for making this mess and cleaning it up. It is the same thing with radioactive waste left all over the landscape, and nobody wants to take responsibility for it. Yet you want to dump on the EPA today. I think we should be ashamed of ourselves. We should be ashamed of what we are doing in this committee today.    The current owner of Gold King Mine, Todd Hennis, told CNN in August, ``I have been predicting for the last 14 years that the situation would continue getting worse and worse. I foresaw disaster, and that has been borne out.'' Well, why are taxpayers responsible for cleaning up abandoned mines, while owners can sit back and do nothing?    That is the question we need to be asking, as a committee. Why don't they have any responsibility, when they made the mess? We all have a responsibility to be good stewards of the environment, but in this case we will let that one party off.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back my time.    Mr. Clay. And I hope we have the guts, as a Congress, to actually try to clean it up and stop pointing fingers.    Mr. Clay. That is what I hope.