    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In the Warshak case in 2010, the Sixth Circuit ruled the content of America's emails is protected by the Fourth Amendment. I agree with that holding. Since that decision, the SEC has been unable to subpoena email content from service providers.    Now, Mr. Ceresney, I've read your testimony and listened to it. Did you write it in 2009?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay, well, thank you very much.    Now, if the SEC cannot currently subpoena email content from service providers, is it truthful to testify that if H.R. 699 becomes law the SEC will be denied the ability to obtain evidence?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Well, I guess you kind of ignored the Warshak decision on that.    Now, even under ECPA as it was written almost 30 years ago, the SEC could only subpoena email content after it was older than 180 days. Aren't you asking this Committee to expand a legal authority that was found unconstitutional in a more limited form?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Well, then, why aren't you? Because you would like to be able to issue subpoenas on email content that's less than 180 days old.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. You know, the thing is, is that I think the court has decided and you're not happy with the court decision. What your testimony says is that you'd like to expand something that's already been held unconstitutional.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Well, I disagree with you.    Now, let me ask the whole panel, just to ask yes or no. If Congress gives civil agencies the authority to subpoena email content to service providers, would that law be constitutional? I think Mr. Ceresney has already said yes.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Can I get a yes-or-no answer from the other five panelists?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. No. I'm limited on time.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Yes or no please.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Mr. Littlehale?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Mr. Calabrese?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Mr. Salgado?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Mr. Rosenzweig?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Uh-huh.    Now, I think we've heard from Mr. Ceresney. Messrs. Cook and Littlehale, since you believe the law would be constitutional, how do you square that position with the Sixth Circuit court's holding in Warshak?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Mr. Littlehale?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Well, you know, the issue is, is that a subpoena--there can't be a motion to quash a subpoena until it's served. So even if there's an immediate motion to quash a subpoena, isn't there the risk of a constitutional violation here?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Well, except that Warshak seems to indicate the opposite. Well, you know, the thing is, is that here we're having to balance the fact that apparently the position of law enforcement is that they want to expand what is currently the law. And the position of those who are privacy advocates say the law is the law and codify it.    I think this is a slam dunk for Congress to make a determination, because we already have something that everybody seems to think is okay, you know, except a few people that would like to expand the dragnet.    With that, I'll yield back.