    Mrs. Maloney. I thank the witnesses and the chairman and the ranking member for calling this hearing.    Mr. Camus, I would like to walk through how you found these additional emails and clarify exactly what they might contain.    Originally, there were reports that there were 80,000 new Lois Lerner emails, but now you're saying that the number is closer to 32,000. So can you explain how the number went from 80,000 to 32,000?    Mrs. Maloney. Duplicates of the 80,000?    Mrs. Maloney. So they're just duplicates of the 80,000.    Mrs. Maloney. OK. So, to be clear, these 32,000 emails are what remained after your office removed all these duplicates from the batch of 80,000.    Mrs. Maloney. Well.    Now, thousands of emails from Mrs. Lerner were already provided to the Committee by the IRS; is that correct?    Mrs. Maloney. And do you know how many of these 32,000 emails have already been produced to this committee?    Mrs. Maloney. So is it possible that some of these 32,000 emails have already been provided to the Committee?    Mrs. Maloney. So they could actually already be in your files and they're for everybody to review.    Mrs. Maloney. So how long is it going to take to do this matching process to find out if, in fact, there's any new material?    Mrs. Maloney. So how long do you think it's going to last?    Mrs. Maloney. And once you get the software, how long is it going to take to----    Mrs. Maloney. A week. OK.    And so, as I understand it from your testimony here today, you are unable to confirm whether there are any, to use your own words, new emails, right?    Mrs. Maloney. So what's before us may be material you already have, right?    Mrs. Maloney. So may I ask, why are we here?    Mr. George, why are we at a hearing at 8 o'clock at night on something which may not be any new material at all?    And we're not even talking about content. We've got to decide whether this is something that's already there. You already threw out 60 percent of the 80,000, down to 32,000, because it was exactly the same thing.    So why are we here?    Mrs. Maloney. No. No, seriously. I mean, what new material do you have?    Mrs. Maloney. So it was not your idea to have a hearing at 8 o'clock at night on material that may already be in your office. And, once you match it, it may be no material--new material at all, right?    Mrs. Maloney. Well, I would say that that clearly fits the definition of premature or a waste of time. Would you agree?    Mrs. Maloney. I know. I know.    But I want to be clear. You cannot even begin to draw any conclusion about the contents or any possible implications that might have on this investigation at this time because you don't even know if you have any new material. Is that correct?    You don't even know if it's any new material. It's just a rerun of what may already just be in your office, like the 60 percent that you threw out of the 80,000 emails.    I want to thank you for testifying today. My time has expired.    Mrs. Maloney. I would--I yield to the ranking member, but I look forward to you coming back when you have some real material for us.    Mrs. Maloney. Will be gentleman yield? Will the gentleman yield?