    Mr. Henderson. Chairman Sensenbrenner, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, and Ranking Member Conyers, Members of the Subcommittee, my name is Keith Henderson. I am the prosecuting attorney in Floyd County, Indiana, part of the Louisville, Kentucky, metro area.    I am also here today as a member of the Executive Committee for the National District Attorneys Association, NDAA, the largest and oldest organization representing prosecutors from across the country.    Civil asset forfeiture laws have changed substantially over the years, beginning with the Federal forfeiture program and now including forfeiture laws in most States. On Friday, January 16th, Attorney General Eric Holder announced changes to these civil forfeiture policies under the DOJ that would eliminate the ability of State and local law enforcement to seize assets and turn them over to Federal authorities for forfeiture.    NDAA as well as law enforcement have expressed concern that these policies have not adequately been studied as far as the impact on and the direction on State and local governments and that a key constituency has been left out of that process. Attorney General Holder indicated that State adoptions would be prohibited, and I quote, ``except for property that directly relates to public safety concerns, including firearms, ammunition, explosives, and properties associated with child pornography.''    While we applaud the continued inclusion of these types of property, we remain concerned that the decision is yet another step in the continued erosion of drug enforcement by the Federal Government.    Asset forfeiture is a tool. It is a tool used by law enforcement to go after the pocketbooks of drug dealers. If we take away the disincentive for these criminals to profit from their crimes, we could jeopardize the safety of our communities and drug enforcement.    Additionally, there is less of an incentive now for locals to partner with Federal officials. Agencies such as the FBI and DEA need participation from local law enforcement, as these Federal agencies rely heavily on local intelligence being gathered to aid in the broader investigations. Local police must now question the financial feasibility of embedding officers with Federal law enforcement with these changes.    As part of the recent decision, drug forfeitures would be severely limited, and adoptions would only be granted through very narrow exceptions. For example, under the new policy, DOJ will take an adoption if a firearm is involved but might not otherwise. This approach seems shortsighted, as very few cases involve just firearms.    The bottom line is this. Drug dealing remains a major crux of crime in this country. It is the root cause of many other crimes of violence. From murder to property crime to the endpoint of the increasing number of drug-ingested deaths, the human destruction attributable to drug dealing remains high.    Criticisms of the program have been offered with stories of individuals having assets seized and never returned, regardless of the outcome of any criminal charges. Let me be clear. Our members strongly support due process under the law and fully denounce any seizure of property and other assets of falsely accused individuals.    Several potential reforms could be examined in conjunction with a comprehensive study. We do not condone unfair and abusive practices, but we must have factual documentation of these abuses in order to properly understand what types of reform could make the current system more effective.    Recently, four national law enforcement organizations--the Major Cities Chiefs, the Major County Sheriffs, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, and the National Sheriffs--all signed a letter to the Attorney General regarding the Asset Forfeiture Program and included some major policy proposals for reforms. We stand with law enforcement in calling for these reforms to be reviewed as potential paths forward on the Asset Forfeiture Program.    Finally, NDAA believes that law enforcement and prosecutors should always avoid pursuing forfeiture actions when the primary purpose is to obtain assets rather than pursue a criminal prosecution. We remain hopeful that the Administration and DOJ will improve its communication with organizations that I have outlined and with NDAA as a means to develop sound, practical, and effective policy.    We stand ready to engage with the department on this issue and many others.    Thank you.    Mr. Henderson. Yes, the cases you have cited, again going back to NDAA, the policy of the national prosecutors, State and local prosecutors, as well as my home State of Indiana, there is a difference between chasing the money and chasing the criminals. But the priorities in those particular cases--and I don't want to speak specifically about the facts because I am not that familiar with them. But in those cases where the primary purpose is to chase the money, that would not be supported by prosecutors.    I think the priorities in those particular examples have been turned upside down. I think that that is why we need an open discussion on reform.    But I don't want to confuse that with, Chairman, with the idea that people who deal in illicit drugs should be allowed to profit from it as well because it is a tool that can be used to discourage those that deal drugs for profit.    And if I could finally say is that drugs would not be dealt, but for profit. That is why they are on the street from the top all the way down.    Mr. Henderson. And that is how they end up in those hands.    Mr. Henderson. I believe that there are some States that have gotten it right, and I believe there is judicial review. You know, I am always concerned when the review is only administrative. I think judicial review would go a long way toward due process.    I believe some States----    Mr. Henderson. I would be much more comfortable with a judge making the decision under whatever law is applicable in that State or in the case of Federal law versus an administrative. However, I am certain there are logistic issues when it comes to the Federal----    Mr. Henderson. Yes, Congresswoman. Every State is different, and certainly in a State like Indiana, there would be very few, if any, seizures under the old law. And it is part of the Indiana constitution, and so as it stands, none of those monies would be returned into the general fund, nor would those funds be returned to law enforcement. It would go into a some sort of guaranteed fund for school----    Mr. Henderson. Well, I believe there would be no incentive at that point to spend the resources to pursue these, especially these larger adoption cases. And if I may just give one brief example?    Mr. Henderson. Well, clearly, a separate issue. But there is no room for racial profiling anywhere in this country, nor should it be occurring. And that is with proper supervision and proper training.    And to the extent that that is happening, that should be dealt with at that local jurisdiction or with that particular State agency. Our laws are such in this country and in all States that that would be strictly forbidden. So, again, that would be a particular department issue.    Mr. Henderson. In my county, no. I do not have those resources, especially in the instances where there are criminal enterprises, if you will. In my written comments, I spoke of, you know, garages, barber shops, cash businesses that are being used as fronts. That is one of the areas that local--generally local authorities and a majority of prosecutors offices in this country are not major metropolitan areas and have a very difficult time handling those kinds of assets and in that type of procedure.    There is a provision to allow outside counsel to take contingency fees, if you will. Personally, I have never been a fan of that and have not made use of that. But I know there are some instances of that occurring.    Mr. Henderson. That is correct, Congressman.    Mr. Henderson. The counties provide most of the funding for our offices in Indiana.    Mr. Henderson. All the States laws are passed by the State legislature.    Mr. Henderson. That is correct.    Mr. Henderson. Certainly, Congressman, that would be the case. But let me also say that the money generally would go back to the criminal with the money. Because if you are asking the prosecutor or the police to devote resources toward forfeiting money and taking that limited resource that the county or State has given us in order to pursue civil actions, I would hazard a guess that that just wouldn't happen.    And I put in my paper, too, the practice of embedding officers with the Feds. So you have county sheriffs and chiefs of police that are paying their officers, taking them out of the community, and lending them, if you will, to the Federal authorities so that they could work together so that they can produce intelligence.    I believe and, in fact, the chiefs and sheriffs in my area made sure to tell me this before I came here today, in that they will have to pull those people back because they can't justify that to the community. And so, and if that is the outcome, that is the outcome. But I do not see any widespread forfeiture of drug funds or any other illegally obtained funds if there is not an incentive.    And if I could just quickly say finally----    Mr. Henderson. I agree.