    Mr. Jarvis. Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you on the 2017 budget request for the National Park Service. I would like to summarize my testimony and submit my entire statement for the record.    Mr. Jarvis. First, I really want to thank you for the support of the National Park Service and the Centennial Initiative in 2016. With the generous funding, and I mean that very sincerely, you provided, we are really making strides toward our goal of inspiring a second century of stewards.    With the fiscal year 2016 funding levels, we can restore seasonal ranger hiring to peak levels. We can coordinate more than 400,000 volunteers. We can begin operations in our newest units, complete additional deferred maintenance, and expand partnerships through the Centennial Challenge. All of these actions will help sustain our national parks for another 100 years.    The men and women of the National Park Service and our partners are doing everything we can to ensure our centennial year is successful and that it builds on the foundation for a strong second century.    We are working with the National Park Foundation to leverage the support of our major partners. Their centennial campaign has already raised over $200 million of its $350 million goal.    In addition, we worked with the National Park Foundation to launch the Find Your Park campaign to invite all Americans to rediscover their national parks. The campaign is now recognizable to one of four young adults, and our efforts are drawing new visitors, as you mentioned, a record 307 million visitors in 2015.    These visits do more than provide inspirational, educational, and recreational opportunities. In 2014, they drove over $30 billion in economic impact, supporting hundreds of thousands of jobs in communities around the country.    Last year, after significant public engagement efforts, some parks raised their fees for the first time since 2008. We estimate these increases will raise another $45 million, the majority of which will go toward deferred maintenance.    With all these parallel efforts, I am here to testify on our budget request, which reflects the Federal investments needed to ensure our next century is as strong as our first.    The budget will allow us to build on the progress we have already begun to achieve with our fiscal year 2016 funding.    First, we are requesting the remaining pieces of the Centennial Initiative from 2016, including $150 million to address the deferred maintenance backlog. You have asked this many times, and the 2017 request is what we need to address the problem, a discretionary increase of $150 million and a mandatory proposal for $300 million annually for three years.    If these requests are met, we could restore and maintain our known highest priority, non-transportation assets to good condition over 10 years.    The centennial also includes $20 million to support the Every Kid in a Park initiative, which would help get every fourth-grader and their family into a park, and lastly it includes a discretionary request of $20 million for the Centennial Challenge, as well as a mandatory proposal for $100 million annually over three years.    This program provides the Federal match to leverage partner donations from friends groups and the National Park Foundation. In 2016, we leveraged the $15 million in Federal money with $33 million in donations for a total benefit to the parks of $48 million.    And our partners are ready to do more. The recent gift of $18.5 million from David Rubenstein to restore the Lincoln Memorial is a wonderful example of the type of generosity our national parks can inspire.    The budget also proposes $25.7 million for a Cultural Resource Challenge, which focuses on the stewardship of our cultural heritage and builds on key programs to meet the needs of challenges confronting the NPS and its partners. This includes funding for historic preservation for parks through the Vanishing Treasures Program, digitization of the National Register, and grant funding for the Tribal Historic Preservation Offices. It also includes $17 million in competitive grants and $3 million in grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities to preserve sites and stories of the civil rights movement and the African-American experience, building on the $8 million you supported last year.    In addition to these initiatives, the budget requests funding for critical operating needs, including $12.7 million for fixed costs and $8.1 million for seasonal health insurance. After years of flat budgets, sequestration, and fixed cost absorption, the funding you provided in 2016 helped stabilize park operations. Our workforce is recovering, but if parks absorb the costs in 2017, they will begin to lose ground again.    Finally, the budget requests $10.7 million to support new parks and critical responsibilities, such as basic operations at Tule Springs Fossil Beds National Monument in Nevada and the Manhattan Project National Historical Park.    Our critical responsibilities include law enforcement and visitor service needs during the 2017 presidential inauguration.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my summary. I am pleased to answer any questions. Thank you.    Mr. Jarvis. Yes, sir. That report is basically complete and undergoing review at the department level, through general law, before it is forwarded to you.    We collected the reports from 22 parks. There are 22 parks out of the 410 that have implemented elimination of the sale of water bottles, either by their concessionaires or their cooperating associations.    Each park had to prepare a written justification for that and an analysis of impact, and also design and install water filling stations before they could get approval by their regional director.    So all of that is being assembled and will be coming to you just as soon as we can get it through the final review.    Mr. Jarvis. We have no plans whatsoever to ban the sale of those other items.    The way we view it is, actually, we see no contradiction. It actually is very consistent with the values of the National Park Service. We look at our institution having core values around sustainability, about reducing waste streams, about energy conservation. We have spent millions of dollars to develop water systems to provide excellent potable water in the parks. What is kind of fascinating to me is that the bottled water companies often market their water as mountain spring, glacially fed. Well, those are the water systems that the National Park Service maintains.    We have developed these filling stations throughout the parks that have implemented the elimination of bottled water sales, where you can fill your reusable water bottle, which are for sale within the concession facilities, very inexpensive, reusable water bottles, and we have these filling stations all around.    To be blunt about it, I have gotten zero complaints from the American public about this. If anything, I have gotten thousands of support comments from the public about this direction in sustainability.    Mr. Jarvis. One of the recycling issues we have in a lot of the national parks is that our national parks are remote. Often, there are no recycling organizations anywhere nearby.    So even though we collect the bottles, the plastic bottles, it makes no sense to haul them hundreds of miles to a local recycling center. Our own recycling systems in these remote places are really inefficient, in that regard.    So what we are really trying to do is to reduce the waste stream within the parks, in terms of this product.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you for the question.    Actually, the National Park Service viewed the Save the America's Treasures program as a very positive program. Between when it was funded in 1999 and 2010, there were over 1,287 grants in 50 states across the country requiring a one-to-one match, and they went to, as you indicated, preservation of physical fabric like the War of 1812 flag, to bricks-and-mortar projects, to restoring old downtowns in cities across the country. We worked very collaboratively with communities, the advisory council, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, and other organizations to implement that program.    Unfortunately, it went to the wayside in the constrained budget process, in particular 2011 was really a constrained budget year for us.    This committee has asked us many times, what are your priorities? Our priorities have been the big issues of park operations and deferred maintenance. You have to make choices. Unfortunately, this is one of those programs that fell to the wayside.    We have then come back, as you indicated, on some very specific programs like the Civil Rights Initiative, which is focused specifically on sites related to the civil rights movement, and we are, of course, in the middle of celebrating the 50th anniversary.    We looked at the transition from the Civil War to civil rights, and making those connections. And places like Birmingham, Alabama, Selma, Montgomery, and others, we feel a need for this kind of infusion out there. We have a great program. Thank you for the funding in fiscal year 2016.    The Historically Black Colleges and Universities are an incredibly important institution in this Nation. Many of them are struggling for a variety of reasons. Many of them have very old infrastructure, very historic infrastructure, where really the first African-Americans out of slavery had the opportunity for education.    We feel, with the very small amounts of money that we have requested, the $3 million in this year's budget, we can assist those colleges in maintaining some of these incredibly historic buildings that were really the pioneers in education of our African-American citizens.    Mr. Jarvis. Okay. Great questions.    Thank you on the Tour of Utah. The proponents for that have been very willing to work with us on our mitigation and support and protection of the park. That has not always been the case with other promoters, so we appreciate your support on that.    The city manager for Moab once said that they went fishing for tourism, and they hooked a whale. The net result has been the Red Rocks part of Utah has really seen an enormous success in terms of tourism, and it is a little bit overwhelming now.    We have a really fantastic transportation system for Zion, but not for Arches or Canyonlands, in that area. So this is an area we really are going to be looking hard at. We know we had some real crowding conditions at Arches this last year where the visitors trying to get in were backed out to the highway and creating quite the safety problem. So this is an area where we really want to work toward looking at centralized parking, transportation systems, connections to the communities, getting people to stay and leave the car behind, and then use the systems.    The park service has implemented transportation systems in a number of parks. We understand what it takes. They are expensive to both purchase and operate, but the public love them and utilize them quite well, once we get them in place. So it is an area we definitely want to work with you on.    Mr. Jarvis. Well, we have within the transportation funding stream that is now authorized a 5-year transportation budget. There are fund sources in that to do preplanning for transportation systems, and we know we have a problem in southern Utah. We do not have a hard proposal about how to fix it, though, yet.    Mr. Jarvis. Absolutely.    Mr. Jarvis. In regards to reimbursement to the States who very generously stepped up, and Utah was first at the plate to reopen the parks during the shutdown, we have supported and have testified in support of legislation that would authorize that. We do not have the authority currently to reimburse the States, but we said we would do that, if provided that authority.    Mr. Jarvis. Great. Thank you for those questions.    Acadia is a fantastic park, and they are doing a great job in celebrating their centennial as well. We have been working very closely with the park and the community.    I think one answer is, for some of these parks, and I think it applies to Utah as well, and all the parks across the system, is a better system on the Web, so that individuals on their way there can do a better job of planning in advance.    So we are launching our new NPS.gov website during National Park Week in April, which will have a much more robust trip-planning component to it. Particularly the millennials rely heavily on their technology and their phones to figure out what they are going to do and where they are going to go. I think each park, particularly the ones that are a bit overcrowded, are thinking about giving them information, real-time information, like maybe go in this entrance rather than that entrance, or identify alternatives out there.    Our investment on the Schoodic Peninsula is, one, to provide a great economic benefit to the people of Maine in having an alternative to the Bar Harbor experience, and it is a great resource as well and a fantastic development.    I think technology is going to be one of the keys to this, and better trip planning for all of them.    Mr. Jarvis. I see no challenges, just great opportunities, Congressman. As you know, the development of the new site in West Virginia adjacent to New River Gorge National River, was the largest volunteer effort in the history of the National Park Service with extraordinary support from literally tens of thousands of Boy Scouts and troop leaders across the country. There is an integrated trail system. And this is the sort of new permanent home for these kinds of gatherings.    We have not, to be blunt about it, started planning for the 2019 World Jamboree, but I see it as a huge opportunity to really highlight the long history of the relationship between the Boy Scouts of America and the National Park Service, and to really expand that.    As I mentioned to you, I have probably done hundreds of Eagle Scout projects myself with young scouts looking for projects in national parks, and I know rangers across the system have done as many as well.    Mr. Jarvis. No opposition to that.    Mr. Jarvis. We look forward to working with the State of West Virginia on that. We built this marketing campaign around the centennial in a way that any State or tourism destination organizations can benefit. We just received a destination tourism foundation hospitality award for this work on the centennial. Brand USA is using it in international tourism.    We have really done this in a way that any State can take advantage of it. Certainly, with the incredible assets that are in West Virginia, this is a real opportunity to market the parks that you have, the heritage areas', Appalachian Trail, some great resources.    Mr. Jarvis. We will be glad to come back and follow up with you individually as we go forward with that.    Mr. Jarvis. Absolutely. I think it was actually a really great idea that was brought forward by Tweed Roosevelt, a direct descendant of Teddy. We do not do a particularly good job of telling the legacy story of President Roosevelt on the island. So his concept is creating a series of interpretive displays around the trail.    That trail is heavily used. If you go over there coming out of Rosslyn and out of the District, it is an opportunity to really tell Teddy's story and his contributions to conservation in this country. We will be working directly with our friends group there from Theodore Roosevelt and with the National Park Foundation and our own resources.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you, Congressman, for that question.    As I look out into the future of our second century, I am with you. I have the same sort of concerns. We are a perpetuity organization on an annual appropriation. That makes it very difficult for us to plan and to manage these resources for the American people.    So we need your help, and the authorizers as well, to help us create essentially a more sustainable financial model for the National Park Service. I think there are multiple components to that.    One is obviously appropriations. If we had a more predictable appropriation, or even a multiyear appropriation, that would be one aspect of this.    I think another is our fee program. Right now our fee program is hard to predict because we are on an annual reauthorization. That is $230 million a year that we rely on to address deferred maintenance and provide visitor services. If there is any way we could get a much longer authorization of our fee program, that would give us a much greater ability to plan and predict.    We do have some requests for some new fee authorities within the authorizer's side, as submitted officially from the Secretary of Interior to both the Senate and the House. We would like to see those come through.    The third piece of it is philanthropy. I think we have really worked on this over the last couple years. Our National Park Foundation is on the path to raising $350 million privately. And our other friends groups, which we have recently just analyzed, are also showing extraordinary success in raising philanthropic support at the individual park level, and they are raising somewhere over $300 million themselves for individual parks. Our ability to continue to grow that is a big part of it.    Then, believe it or not, corporate support and corporate sponsorship is an area we just ventured into. But as a part of the centennial, we have raised over $45 million from individual corporate sponsorships, from Subaru, Disney, American Express, and Budweiser. They put up hard cash and their marketing support. That has driven a lot of the marketing effort out of this as well.    Ultimately, this institution needs an endowment, and we need a way to feed that endowment and let that endowment grow.    The Second Century Commission, which was a bipartisan group that got together and studied the park service starting in the Bush administration, released their report in the beginning of this administration. They said if they looked back 100 years from now, the number one thing that they think would have a long-term effect is if they could create an endowment for the National Park Service.    If you think about major institutions like colleges and universities that are very successful, they have endowments. I think this is an area where we would love to work with you.    How do we create that? How do we feed it? How do we let it grow? So that 50 or 75 years from now, the service has a corpus upon which it can rely?    Mr. Jarvis. No, I got it. Let me take your last question first, and then I will go back to the growth in the system a little bit.    Congress passed a 5-year transportation bill and the park service's allocation for that was $268 million, and that grows to $300 million over the 5-year term of the transportation bill.    It is not enough, but it is a pretty good start. And it allows us, now that there is a 5-year plan, to really put in place our planning efforts for the restoration and repair of our transportation systems, our roads, paved and unpaved, bridges, all that sort of access component that is so necessary.    We have some really serious issues, as you know. We talked briefly about Memorial Bridge here in Washington, D.C., which is estimated at a $250 million project. The Grand Loop Road and three out of five entrance roads in Yellowstone is another one. That is $850 million to $1.25 billion. It is a big project as well.    The transportation bill did allow the National Park Service to compete for these large projects with the States, so we would have to go in, and that is what we are going to do with Memorial Bridge. We will go in for a request along with the Commonwealth of Virginia and the District of Columbia, to request funding from that pot to fix Memorial Bridge. We have to really get started by 2018, at a minimum, to get that bridge repaired so it does not turn into a footbridge by 2021.    So we are addressing our transportation assets.    The high-priority, nontransportation assets are those that are essential to visitor use, so those are the water systems, the wastewater systems, the prime visitor centers, some of our lodges and hotels, and the historic core of the historic resources. In a triage, those have to be considered.    The low-priority assets, some of them we are going to lose, and some of them we will tear down and remove, just to get them off the books, because of their condition. If they are in very poor condition and they are a low-priority asset, then we will remove them from the inventory and from the park. That is just the way we have to face it.    We are really focusing our fee program, our philanthropy, on those assets you can market to a potential donor, like the iconic sites here in Washington, supported by individuals like David Rubenstein. The request we have in the fiscal year 2017 budget relates to those high-priority assets.    In terms of the growth in the system, let me just say that I am as concerned I think as you are about growth in the system that has a direct financial impact on the National Park Service. Every one that I have promoted and supported, I have worked very, very hard to minimize the footprint of the National Park Service and required that there are partners willing to pony up before we even say yes.    For instance, at Harriet Tubman National Monument in Maryland, the State of Maryland is building the visitor center, completely doing all of the infrastructure development. All they ask is that we have a ranger in that building. The physical resource that we have obtained has no real requirements. It is just an open set of fields.    When we did Pullman, we raised $8 million in the Chicago area before we even said yes. We own the footprint of one building. We minimized our ownership, again, so that we are not taking on huge additional maintenance backlog or operational responsibilities.    But I think the system is always going to grow. It does not stop. The defense authorization bill gave us a bunch of new parks. Presidents, every one of them, regardless of their party affiliation, like to give us new parks as well.    We will continue to grow, but I think we have to manage that growth in a way that does not impact the broader system.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you for that question, and thanks for the support for Olympic National Park. It really is a fantastic resource. I know you have been getting a lot of rain up there. If you could just capture it, that would be the other thing. At least we are getting some snowpack, both in the Cascades and the Olympics and Sierras this year, which is a good thing.    The good thing on the Elwha is that it has helped flush out all that sediment that was backed up on the rivers. The photographs of the delta that have been created and the restoration of the beaches and the quahog sandspits down to Dungeness are really fantastic. But there has been impact to the road system.    So the plan is right now we have requested funding from the Federal Highway Administration for what they call the Emergency Relief for Federally Owned Roads funds, which are emergency funds, to put in a one-lane bridge at that washout. We expect that to take about 6 to 8 weeks to get installed, after the estimated two month compliance process is complete.    That will serve, not great, but it will serve as access for the landowners who are up that road and our own administrative access. We have park housing. We have a maintenance facility up there. And the public access as well.    Then we are going to have to go in for a reprogramming request to the Federal highways. The road was in for a resurfacing. We are going to have to rethink that, obviously.    But now that we do have a 5-year bill, we can go in for a major reconstruction on that site. But we are probably talking, three, four years before we can actually get to that and get the work done. So we will be living with that temporary fix for three to five years.    Mr. Jarvis. Yes, we do.    Mr. Jarvis. My staff says it is in review.    Mr. Jarvis. Yes.    Mr. Jarvis. Yes.    Mr. Jarvis. Absolutely. We will get the information to your office.    Mr. Jarvis. I have met with the director of the Secret Service. We have talked about it. Our teams are working together to come up with several design alternatives to provide better security to the White House while at the same time recognizing the value of the public to be able to see the White House. I mean, you really do not want a 30-foot-tall concrete wall around the White House. You want the public to feel the People's House is still visible.    There are a variety of ideas being cast about. We did a temporary fix, which has added some level of security. The bike racks are still out, giving some distance to the fence, which is not really acceptable either.    We are working toward a design. At some point, we will be coming up and talking to you about it.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you, Congresswoman, for that question.    In a nutshell, Delaware North Corporation, which was the concessionaire at Yosemite National Park, in 2002 filed with the Patent and Trademark Office and obtained the trademark names of not only the individual facilities, like The Ahwahnee, and Wawona, and Badger Pass, but Yosemite National Park as well. They obtained those rights legally. We did not know. It is not something that we thought we needed to monitor.    As a result, this is in court. We have a vigorous defense of our position on this through the Department of Justice. And the Delaware North Corporation owns, according to them, the right to put those names on any product, so a T-shirt, a coffee mug, anything in the park right now cannot have that name on it, nor can we call The Ahwahnee Hotel ``The Ahwahnee Hotel'' because those names are, according to Delaware North, owned by them, and they are demanding to be paid $51 million for the rights to use those names.    Mr. Jarvis. I am going to let Lena jump in here, because she has been very active in this case as well.    Mr. Jarvis. So let me just tell you what we are doing about that. We are vigorously defending it. We have filed with the Patent and Trademark Office to void their claims. Unfortunately, that is a process that probably could take up to a year or more for them to go through their analysis.    So in the interim, we do not have the authority to use our own names within these facilities, so we had to go through a renaming process in order to not validate their claims.    So they also offered us to use those names, to license them to us, which was, to be blunt, offensive. On our part, we chose not to do that, to have them license our own names to us.    Mr. Jarvis. No, they are one of our major concessionaires. They are in other parks.    Mr. Jarvis. Including the Grand Canyon and Yellowstone.    Mr. Jarvis. Under the new contracts that we have awarded them, they are prohibited from doing that. This was an old contract that did not have specific language that prevents it. But we have gotten smarter about this, so we actually prevent them in their contracts from filing the names on this.    One of the other concessionaires at the Grand Canyon did attempt to obtain the rights to Grand Canyon, but we backed them off on that.    Mr. Jarvis. We have proposed in the centennial legislation some intellectual property rights protection language to give protection to all of the park names across the system, to prevent this from happening in the future. That is something that is working its way through markup as we speak.    Mr. Jarvis. What they wanted was us to force the incoming concessionaire to pay them the $51 million. So as Lena indicated, that was to make it noncompetitive, that any incoming concessionaire would have to pay them $51 million.    They sued us to force the incoming concessionaire to pay them.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you for those questions.    There are two full sections, 640 acres each, inside the boundaries of Grand Teton National Park that are owned by the State of Wyoming that are part of their State school lands. So revenues generated from those lands support the State schools.    The State of Wyoming has let us know that unless we acquire these properties to incorporate into the park, they will sell them at auction for development. These are in the heart of the park, very developable properties right on the flats. They are in the Snake River Valley looking right up at the grand. They could either be mega homes or a mega resort, easily developable into that.    They are appraised, one at $46 million and one $39 million. The $46 million property called Antelope Flats is probably the most vulnerable, the most developable. So we have requested half of that funding in the fiscal year 2017 Land and Water Conservation Fund, and then the proposal is to raise the other half privately. We have a coalition with our National Park Foundation and Grand Teton Foundation, to raise the match of $22.5 million to purchase the property.    If we do not purchase that property by December 31, 2016, the Governor's authority to sell it to us expires, and then the property will be subject to auction by the State of Wyoming for development.    So we are under a great deal of pressure. We are pretty concerned, to be very blunt about it, about going into a CR, into a continuing resolution into fiscal year 2017, because then we would not be able to have the full amount, the $22.5 million, to match the fundraising side.    So it is absolutely, as you can see, our number one priority in our Land and Water Conservation Fund for fiscal year 2017.    Mr. Jarvis. It is possible, but the deed would have to be secured with us because the Governor's authority is specific to selling it to us.    Mr. Jarvis. That is what we are looking at right now.    Mr. Jarvis. Yes, if I could make one final comment I am serving in my last year with the National Park Service. I just want to express my great appreciation to this committee, to you, Chairman, to all the members. This committee has been always very, very good to the National Park Service. Bruce Sheaffer was before this committee the first time in 1976, which is the same year I joined the National Park Service. I want to compliment Lena McDowall, who is the new and improved Bruce Sheaffer, CFO of the National Park Service. She did not get much chance to speak today, but is a fantastic new addition to the system. I think you will enjoy working with her into the future.    But again, my compliments to this great committee. You have always been great to us.