    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your service and for your leadership. I certainly like the use of your phrase ``race to the top.'' If only that were true when it comes to respect for human rights among many countries around the world, including in China and Cuba.    Ileana Ros-Lehtinen--we cochaired that hearing just 3 weeks ago, and Berta Soler sat right where you sit. We were all concerned about her welfare and well-being going back. And of course she was arrested when she went back for speaking the truth. On Friday her case and that of all the dissidents hopefully will be front and center. It has to be.    I also a couple of years chaired one of 49 hearings on human rights abuses in China I have held. I can't even get a visa to go there anymore. We had five daughters who testified, all of whose fathers are political prisoners. All of them in unison as the hearing went on asked to meet with President Obama. They said, ``He has two daughters. He will understand.''    I tried for months to arrange that meeting, 5, 10 minutes with these unbelievably wonderful five daughters speaking out for their dads in prison in China. We couldn't get it. I respectfully ask perhaps you can help make that happen. Gao Zhisheng's daughter is one of those. I know you know about Gao's case. And perhaps you might even meet with them as well.    Let me ask you, on Nigeria, Mr. Secretary, will you immediately seek to restart and significantly expand critical military training of human rights-vetted Nigerian Armed Forces to combat the existential threat posed by Boko Haram?    On Iran, the status of Pastor Abedini, Robert Levinson, Amir Hekmati, and Jason Rezaian from the Washington Post, do you expect that they will be free soon?    And then, on the issue of child abduction, several deadlines have arrived, or are imminent, pursuant to the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act.    And I want to thank you publicly again for your strong personal support for the new law, including the process to develop and to enter appropriate procedures, including MOUs with non-Hague countries with unresolved child abduction cases like India. Japan--as you know, has signed the Hague Convention--has been breathtakingly unresponsive especially to abductions that occurred prior to the ratification of the Hague Convention.    Iraq war veteran Michael Elias from northern New Jersey and numerous parents from the NGO BACHome have been utterly, utterly, frustrated even to meet with their children, much less get them back.    And then there is the issue of India. Bindu Philips is a New Jersey mother of twin boys abducted to India 6 years ago. Bindu got full custody in a New Jersey court, testified before my subcommittee 2 years ago, and this past Monday I met with her in my office in New Jersey and she pleaded for you, Mr. Secretary, to help her to get her kids back.    I just want to ask you because I know you have a heart for this: Did President Obama raise child abduction cases with Prime Minister Modi when they met in late January? Did you raise it on your trip earlier that month? And, if so, what was Mr. Modi's response?