    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to, if we could for a second, talk about our current rules of engagement in our theaters of operation. I have service members who are leaving the military, and they are coming to me saying that this is dangerous. We are not able to engage in a way that will allow us to defeat our enemy.    And I understand the need to try and keep down civilian casualties. I get that completely. But I have a concern that we are protecting our enemies more than we are those that we are sacrificing to try and save. And that is the real concern.    Throughout our history, we have people that have given their lives so that others can live. And with what we see taking place, my concern is that every time we let an enemy go, because of our very restrictive rules of engagement, hundreds if not thousands of more innocents are killed. They become fatalities because of genocide. Are we really winning?    And so I would like you to address our rules of engagement that I am hearing so many complaints about from our service members.    Dr. Wenstrup. Mr. Secretary, when was the last time we changed them?    Dr. Wenstrup. Sure.    General Dunford. Congressman, I would like to distinguish between rules of engagement and collateral damage. Those have been conflated a bit in some of the discussion. I have heard the same thing you have. And I want to make it clear on the rules of engagement, those are enduring.    And any time one of our young soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines is in harm's way, and it is a hostile intent and that you can positively identify an enemy, they can engage. That hasn't changed. There is no restriction on our ability to do what must be done to protect themselves.    With regard to collateral damage, we make an assessment virtually every time we engage. And right now, we start with a baseline of zero civilians. But I am here to tell you, if we have a target that justifies an expanded view of collateral damage in a particular case, we will make that adjustment.    So to your question, when was the last time we changed, I can't assure you that it was this morning, but I can assure you it was probably sometime in the last couple days where General Austin made a decision to expand the number of civilian casualties that might be incurred in a particular target given the importance of that target.    What we have tried not to do is make enemies of the very people that we are trying to protect in places like Iraq and Syria. And we also try to make sure that, at the end of the day, we don't become the enemy. We are fighting with our values. And at the end of the day, 5, 10 years from now when this war is over, it will be because we won the war of values and the war of ideas, not because we dropped a bomb in one place or another.    Dr. Wenstrup. I understand that is a very fine balance. I personally would give my life so my family could live, if that is what it came down to.    My other concern comes to, are we in any way, shape, or form trying to work out an international or system of justice for those that we detain? We are not dealing with a Timothy McVeigh here with domestic terror, and we are not dealing with a World War II situation where at the end of the war we sign a peace treaty and return our POWs . We are releasing people from Guantanamo. Some are returning to the fight.    Do we really have a formal system of justice? We are a country of laws, and we have a system of justice, and I think that is an expectation. And I haven't seen us going in that direction.    Dr. Wenstrup. I appreciate it.    Dr. Wenstrup. Well, I would also like to see a more clear system of justice rather than we could do one, two, or three things.    But my time has expired. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. Mr. Langevin.