    Ms. Tagtow. Absolutely. Thank you, Chairman Conaway, for the question.    As a registered dietitian in public health nutrition, it is absolutely thrilling to see the level of interest in the Dietary Guidelines, and really an unprecedented time for the Dietary Guidelines.    Just to reflect on the opportunities for public comment, during the 19 months in deliberation of the Dietary Guideline Advisory Committee, the public did have opportunity to provide response to the scientific committee during their deliberations. And then once the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee submitted their report, their set of recommendations to both departments, USDA and HHS, earlier this year, there was a subsequent public comment period of an additional 75 days.    As a result of that, we had just over 29,000 comments submitted in response to the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee Scientific Report. And, yes, you are correct, a majority of them, at least 70 to 75 percent of those public comments, were duplicative in nature. They were either form letters or in the ways of a petition and things.    When we received those public comments through the www.dietaryguidelines.gov website, there was a thorough review by both agencies and a reposting of those public comments. So all of the public comments that were submitted are available at www.dietaryguidelines.gov. Very few of them were not posted due to inappropriate language and things like that.    Both agencies are in the process of thoroughly reviewing all of the public comments and taking those into consideration while developing the 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans. And just to emphasize the role of science in this process, Mr. Chairman, we, of course, are very interested in those public comments that are supported by scientific justification, and so those are very helpful in moving forward with our process at hand. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Rowe, would you discuss with us about the IG's recent report about the need for FNS to strengthen SNAP management controls and the recommendations that were in that report. Where might we see you guys going with those recommendations should we have this hearing this time next year?    Ms. Tagtow. I will start, and then I will refer it back to the Under Secretary. Excellent question. One of the charges of the Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion, first and foremost, is to promote the Dietary Guidelines for Americans. And what we are seeing is that the average quality of diet, and the Under Secretary's earlier remarks about the healthy eating index, we actually measure the average diet quality of Americans; and any guesses as to what our average intake index is? It is 57 on a scale of 1 to 100.    Ms. Tagtow. What I was going to say is, we know the research does provide us with sufficient evidence that if we can start shifting people to healthier diets, to a diet that is more closely aligned to the Dietary Guidelines, we can significantly reduce the relative risk of developing diet-related chronic diseases in this country. So that is the answer to the first question.    As far as educating and informing and better supporting nutrition attitude, knowledge, and behavior of SNAP participants, I am going to shift that over to the Under Secretary.    Ms. Tagtow. Thank you, Congresswoman Hartzler. Excellent questions. Thank you for your letter expressing your concerns as well. I first want to make very clear that the Dietary Guideline Advisory Committee is an independent entity overseen by FACA, Federal Advisory Committee Act, and they provided simply recommendations to both HHS and USDA. And we are taking those recommendations into consideration along with the wide array of public comments that we received, as well as agency comments as well. And so looking forward, I don't want to speculate as to the procedures for 2020; but, again, just emphasizing that they provided a very independent, science-based review of the evidence and provided recommendations back to both agencies for consideration in developing the 2015 Dietary Guidelines.    Ms. Tagtow. I might defer that to the Under Secretary. As far as changing the law, perhaps not. The use of a Federal advisory committee is not determined by the law. The law doesn't dictate that we actually use an independent body to provide a thorough review of the scientific evidence and provide recommendations back to both agencies. The law does specifically state that what we develop, what the two agencies put forth, is based on the preponderance of the current scientific and medical knowledge. It is released within 5 years. It addresses food-based recommendations for ages 2 and above, and we need to do it every 5 years.