    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you Chairman Calvert, ranking member McCollum and members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you to discuss the Environmental Protection Agency's proposed fiscal year 2016 budget, and I'm joined by the agency's acting Chief Financial Officer David Bloom.    The EPA budget of $8.592 billion in discretionary funding for the 2016 fiscal year provides the resources that are vital to protecting human health and the environment, while building a solid path for a sustainable economic growth. Since 1970 when Environmental Protection Agency was founded, we have seen over and over again that a safe environment and a strong economy go hand in hand.    This budget supports essential work to address climate change, improve air quality, protect our water, safeguard the public from toxic chemicals, support community's environmental health, maintain core enforcement strength, support needed research and work towards a sustainable future for all Americans. Effective environmental protection is a joint effort of the EPA, states and our tribal partners.    We're setting a high bar for continuing our partnership efforts in looking for opportunities for closer collaboration in targeted joint planning and government processes through efforts like e-enterprise governance approach. That's why the largest part of our budget, $3.6 billion or 42 percent, is provided directly to our state and tribal partners.    The fiscal year 2016 request includes an increase of $108 million for state and tribal categorical grants. This budget request, $1.1 billion to address climate change and to improve air quality. Those resources will help those most vulnerable to climate impacts and the harmful health effects of air pollution through common sense standards, guidelines, as well as partnership programs.    Climate change is not just an environmental challenge. It's a threat to public health, our domestic and global economy and our national and international security. The request supports the president's Climate Action Plan and in particular, the Clean Power Plan, which establishes carbon pollution standards for power plants.    In addition, the president's budget calls for a $4 billion Clean Power State Incentive Fund to support state efforts to accelerate carbon pollution reductions in the power sector. Protection the nation's waters remains a top priority for the EPA. In fiscal year '16, we will finalize and support the implementation of the clean water rule, which will clarity types of waters covered under the Clean Water Act and foster more certain and efficient business decisions to protect the nation's waters.    Recognizing the need for water infrastructure, the SRF's and related efforts are funded at over $2.3 billion, and we will work with our partners to help communities by focusing on issues such as financial planning for future public investment infrastructure investments and expanded efforts with states to identify financing opportunities for resilient drinking water, waste water and storm water infrastructure.    Last month the agency's a Water Infrastructure and Resiliency Finance Center, a key component of our expanded effort. We are proposing a multifaceted effort to help our communities, including low income neighborhoods, rural communities and communities of color. This includes targeting funding in on the ground community assistance through EPA's regional coordinators in a network of circuit riders.    An investment of $16.2 million will help local communities improve safety and security at chemical facilities and to prevent and prepare for oil spills. These efforts represent a shared commitment, among those with a stake in chemical facility safety and security, ranging from facility owners to our first responders.    The fiscal year 2016 budget request will let us continue to make a real and visible difference for communities every day. It will give us a foundation to improve infrastructure across the country, and it will sustain state tribal and federal environmental efforts across all our programs.    With this budget, the president is not only sending a clear signal about the resources EPA needs to work effectively and efficiently with states and tribes to protect public health and the environment, it is also part of an overall federal budget proposal that does not accept the bad public policy embodied in sequestration and does not hold back needed resources in non-defence spending in order to increase needed defence spending or vice-versa.    Instead the president's proposed fiscal year 2016 budget finds a path forward to avoid sequestration and properly support both domestic and national security interests. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, sir, the efforts that you identified are part of EPA's efforts to both reduce pollution that is impacting public health and damaging the environment, but to do it in a way that actually is very cost-effective, that is reasonable, that's appropriate and that continues to recognize the great need to continue to grow this economy and jobs.    Over the course of EPA's history, since 1970, we have reduced air pollution by 70 percent while the GDP has tripled. We are looking in each and every major rule to ensure that we do it in a way that is specifically cognizant of reliability and affordability of our energy system, as well as impacts to the local economy and to jobs as well. So we are doing our best to protect public health in a way that is consistent with a growing and sustainable economy.    Ms. McCarthy. Ephemaral.    Ms. McCarthy. Let me try to clear up a few things, Jim. First of all, we believe that this is actually not an expansion of jurisdiction, and I think we can show that. I do know there has been confusion. One of the reasons to do this Rule was to respond to many requests for clarity and for consistency. We have received a lot of comments on the Rule. And if I could just clarify one thing, I know in your opening remarks you mentioned about the breakdown of positive and negatives in terms of our response.    I just wanted to clarify that I know that Assistant Secretary for the Army, Jo-Ellen Darcy, will be responding to this and she is going to be clarifying the record. Actually, 87 percent of the comments we have received and processed have been supportive. So I just want you to know that we've done an extensive outreach on this.    We will look at all the comments that came in. But recognize we are also continuing with the exemptions, like for agricultural return flows and those things that are in the current Rule. So we are not limiting any of those exemptions. We're trying to provide clarity here, not regulate land, but regulate waters that are necessary to protect drinking water and our natural resources.    Ms. McCarthy. I can't explain the numbers that Jo-Ellen provided but she will be clarifying this. My understanding is we have received a total of 1,046,217 comments. 87.1 percent were positive. Some were neutral, very small. Some were opposed in the total of 12.4. So far, we are still categorizing just a little bit over 4100 of those. So that's the breakdown I have up until now. As you can see, the ones that we are still looking at wouldn't tip the scale much.    Sir, it doesn't mean that there aren't a lot of comments and questions that are coming in from this rule and that we won't be properly looking at those in doing our best to clarify as much as possible, because we will. There's a responsibility for EPA to do that and we will take our responsibility very seriously and make sure that when this rule goes out, there's significant clarity beyond what's been proposed brought to this issue.    Ms. McCarthy. I think one of us might've had a subset. I will let Jo-Ellen speak to that issue, if I could, when she comes to you. But I do know that the Corps and EPA have been working hand-in-hand on this rule since day-one because we both recognize that additional clarity is essential, not just for the agencies to appropriately implement the Clean Water Act, but for our outside stakeholders who need to be certain that they can farm and ranch the way they've always done that and in a way that's protective of the natural resources that we both value so highly.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I think it's done in two ways. It's done by providing clarity about the information that we have available to us, the science that tells us what rivers and streams and tributaries need to be protected in order to make sure that our navigable waters aren't significantly impacted. That means that we need to look at them and determine what type of mitigation, if any, is necessary. Beyond that, it's done, and in the vast majority of cases today, on a case-by-case basis. It's done by calling the Corps and by looking at these issues.    What we are attempting to do is provide a lot more up-front clarity and provide enough direction so that people understand what rivers and streams are important for drinking water protection, for flood control and a variety of other functions that these resources provide so that they themselves can understand where they are, where they need to be more cautious and where we need to work together to make sure that those waters are protected.    Ms. McCarthy. Well we are doing our best to define that. I think that, from my standpoint, if a farmer was relied on exemptions in the current rules, they can rely on those very same exemptions today. If they needed a permit yesterday, they can rely on that, as well. What we tried to do is to look at the science, Mr. Chairman, which is what we were directed to do. The science is very clear in some areas We make that clarity known and will in our final rule.    In other areas, we know what to look for. For example, if a small river is only flowing intermittently and at famarol stream, if it doesn't have all of the designations, all of the characteristics like an ordinary high-water mark and it doesn't have the kind of characteristics that indicate that the duration, the frequency in flow is there sufficiently to have an impact downstream, then it would not be a waters of the U.S. So we are trying to identify those characteristics.    Ms. McCarthy. Because we are missing things and because people are confused. I think you saw some of that when the proposed rule went out. People didn't understand what was currently, clearly jurisdictional and what has been jurisdictional for decades. There were areas where people were unsure. There's a lot of effort spent on case-by-case analyses and case-by-case mitigation that people expect to have to pay for when that's just not the case.    So it's an opportunity for us not only to be clearer from our perspective, but to also send a clearer signal for businesses about when they can pass go without having to move through EPA or the Corps. I think, that's an important cost savings to consider here.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, one of the things that we did after the proposal went out, it was pretty clear that people were confused by some of the language, not understanding what the agency's intent was. We, as a result of that, did over 400 public meetings and also reached approximately 2,500 individuals. We did all that we could before and after the proposal went out to make sure that we were listening to the states, and that we were listening to all of the key interests here. I think we've received considerable comments that will help us provide a path forward.    But as you suggest, this is not an easy rule. If it were easy, it would've been done--we are talking about a law that's over 43 years old. It would've been done before if it was easy. But court rulings continue to confuse this and challenge us, and we need to be better. This is an attempt to make sure that we are protecting what we need to protect and sending a clear signal on all the other waters that don't fall within those categories.    Ms. McCarthy. Well thank you, ranking member. First of all, we are on track for a midsummer effort to finalize the Clean Power Rule. That will be moving forward.    In terms of assisting states, we have done it in a number of different ways. First of all, we have part of the increase that you see, in our budget is to help set aside $25 million to actually provide to states themselves so they can work on these plans effectively.    We also have additional funds that we are requesting so that we can have, and that's in the order of $25 million that we can have an increase in our staff to be able to respond to the needs of the states. We can have the tools and the technologies and the on-site technical assistance to help states and tribes develop proposals. I should've just said states. I apologize.    Then we also have a proposal that the president put in, that would be a $4 billion plan to actually support the states who want to either move faster or farther. So that is all in the proposal as the proposed Fiscal Year 2016 budget.    We are also looking at an additional part of the legal staff issues as to make sure that there is no bottle-neck in our ability to provide good advice and to look at all of the rules, as well as the permits across the agency that are not moving as quickly as we can because we don't have the resources assigned. So, we are looking at beefing that up so that permits can go more quickly and approvals of these plans can happen more quickly.    The last issue is on the rider. If that rider should be proposed and succeed, the states would still be required to submit those plans. EPA would be precluded from providing resources and helping them the way that this proposal is looking to do because we are in partnership with the states on this effort. We have been in partnership with them before, during and after the close of this comment period, or even the development of this proposal, and I want to keep it that way.    It is a collaborative approach that is enormously respectful of state needs and I want to make sure that we continue to work with them in partnership.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, we have had significant opportunity to review the comments and believe that we can finalize this Rule that is very respectful of the comments we received. That is what we intend to do, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. Because we have waited now with a statute that's 43 plus years old, I think we have been asked to do this. We have been requested by, not just members of Congress, by states to actually do a rule-making to provide this level of certainty. We believe that we should respond to those requests and make sure that we are protecting the drinking water--    Ms. McCarthy. I'm not aware of what figures that you may have available. I feel badly that there's confusion about how we've bucketed these rules into what's positive or negative. I will tell you that Assistant Secretary Darcy will respond to this, but my understanding is that all they had completed was a review of two percent. I don't know what two percent they chose of the comments, but I do know that we have fully looked at them and are happy to share the information and will make sure that the corrections are in the record.    Ms. McCarthy. Me too.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, it actually was comments received by the SBA's Office of Advocacy. We had worked both with the SBA as well as with our Office of Management and Budget that actually dictates what rules need to have a panel established and what ones do not, and we followed their direction. But we have done extensive outreach to small businesses and I would be happy to provide that to you, because we believe that it was the correct decision to move forward, but certainly that did not mean our obligation to do outreach to the small business community and make sure that their comments were heard and that we provide whatever clarity we need to assure them of that.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, first of all, Congressman, I share your love for Long Island Sound. It is one of my favorite water bodies as well and I understand how precious it is and how challenging it is to have that many people living on your shores. I do not have exact figures on how the Long Island Sound Committees that are looking at this will manage on a tighter budget. I will say that difficult decisions were made in this budget despite the fact that we are requesting more resources and will be working with the adjoining states and with all of the study groups to make sure that we can prioritize effectively under this type of a budget constraint.    Ms. McCarthy. I appreciate the invitation.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you. I will pass that along to him. He certainly reflects the kind of leadership that we are looking for in the Agency.    Ms. McCarthy. Does it go downhill from here?    Ms. McCarthy. Just checking, just checking.    Ms. McCarthy. No. Let me try to clarify that.    Ms. McCarthy. This is a Clear Air Act rule that is following the Clean Air Act as Congress authorized EPA to implement it. It is a technology based standard that is looking at reducing carbon pollution. That is the four corners of the effort. The question was asked of me as to why I think this is--if I may paraphrase, why I feel so positive that this rule provides the flexibility that states need, why am I saying it is not about pollution control technology. I indicated that the flexibility in our proposal took it away from needing as our standard programs usually do. It is about putting a scrubber on an end of the pipe, which we can all agree is a cost. Instead if we look at this as an opportunity to invest in energy and our economy in a way that states believe is beneficial to them both environmentally and economically, that can grow jobs, that there are opportunities for this to be a real investment that the states would want to make regardless of the carbon pollution requirements. That is an investment in renewable energy, energy efficiency programs that keep our energy system reliable and affordable. I believe that it is a much more positive way to look at it, and one that is closer to reality of how states are looking at it as well.    Ms. McCarthy. I appreciate the opportunity.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. I am happy to. Let me take these issues one at a time. This is a rule to identify the jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act using science to the best of our ability. What is regulated depends on what needs a permit. So if you are not doing anything to a water to either pollute it or degrade it, then there is no conversation that needs to be had. So there are differences in the terms that we need to recognize. We are specifically making it very clear that we are not regulating groundwater under the Clean Water Act, that is not part of the----    Ms. McCarthy. Because it is not jurisdictional. We do not believe that is part of the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act. It has been one of those things that has been up in the air. What we tried to do was nail it. We have clearly stated that. If there are other things like that that we need to resolve we want to do that.    Now the relationship between the states and the federal government, I think we recognize that states are really primary in many of the issues related to waters and water quality. We recognize that and this rule does not change that. We recognize that some states had questions as to whether or not this would change their rules. We are going to be resolving those issues in the final. It was clearly not our intent. Maybe we did not say it as clearly as we need to and we will take care of that as well.    Relative to SWANCC and isolated wetlands, SWANCC said that--you correctly raised their issue which was the migratory birds issue is not sufficient to determine jurisdiction. What the next decision, Rapanos, said was much more clearly what you need to do to establish jurisdiction. That means you have to establish that the connectivity not just connected, but they need to be connected in a way that impacts significantly the downstream waters. They do not say it exactly that way, but the connection needs to be there. So what the science tells us is what is connected, but that is on a gradient, and we know that just being connected is not enough. It needs to be more than just connected so that we can actually determine whether or not it would impact if it were polluted or degraded, would it impact the actual biological, chemical, physical characteristics of the receiving water, because if we do not think it would then that connection is not sufficient for jurisdiction. So now you know why this is a confusing issue to try to resolve through rule making, but you also know why it has been confusing for a long time and people are asking for clarity. So we realize that while we may not have cleared everything up there is an opportunity to get a lot clearer and we will try to do that as effectively as we can in the final rule.    Ms. McCarthy. All right.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, thank you for asking the question. It was great to go out to Puget Sound to see the resource that is really so need of protection. There are many challenges up there.    I think we all need to keep highlighting these issues, not just highlighting them to EPA, but clearly all of these geographic initiatives are worthy of support. The question is how much can we actually afford to do within the budget constraints that we all face. One of the things we are trying to do is recognize that there is a collaboration between state, tribal, and federal levels that needs to happen so that we are not duplicating efforts. We are spending a significant amount of time becoming a better partner for states and tribes so that we can work more collaboratively and not duplicate and make our funding go further.    The other thing we are trying to do is establish opportunities for financing strategies for all of these efforts that also bring private dollars to the table because the private sector has a large stake in the quality of these large water bodies. They are not just iconic to environmental advocates or you and I, they are necessary for the economic vitality of the regions that surround them in the business community. So we have put together some new financing centers. First of all we have brought together one that I mentioned earlier, that is our Water Infrastructure and Resilience Center, because it is an opportunity to work more creatively on different financing strategies. We are trying to stand up what Congress asked us to do which was a WIFIA program so that we could also look at opportunities that are more directly related to state programs and interests. So we are working together to try to address these issues as well as we can, recognizing that in all cases our needs are great, but there are wonderful ways for us to continue to work together more efficiently and effectively with the resources that are reasonable for us to ask.    Ms. McCarthy. Many.    Ms. McCarthy. Many. And many of them will be related to our work with both the states and Region 10.    Ms. McCarthy. I can because water ends up being an incredibly important issue, especially with the changing climate, and resilience is going to be important. We have established an opportunity to work, or a focus area to work more effectively with communities. We have identified almost $47 million to be able to go to this effort in addition to other work that we might do, but work that is coordinated with it but not duplicative.    What we are trying to do is work with our regions to actually work in a multimedia capacity with communities so they understand the opportunities they have, not just with us but across the federal government to leverage resources to help integrate both their planning efforts--they need to look at water, wastewater and stormwater so that we can work more effectively together. We are going to be creating a network of what we call circuit riders which are folks that are expert in these community issues so that they can use their expertise in more than one place and be able to share what they learned in the prior one with the next community that they work in. We are looking at opportunities for advancement monitoring and decision making tools. As you know we have put out things like the Stormwater Calculator, so that as communities are looking to take efforts themselves they have tools readily available for them.    And we have also increased our brownfields project funds by $30 million specifically targeted at really good community work that will help advance all these goals.    You know I could go on and on, but we have more money for states and tribes, $108 million more in stag money that we are looking for. This will amount to a more than 30 percent increase for tribes, in how we are supporting them. We are looking at superfund increases so that we can get at those superfund sites as well. We are looking at opportunities for new technologies moving forward that we can advance with states. We are truly in a partnership not with states but local communities that benefit from the funding that we send to the states.    Ms. McCarthy. Good.    Ms. McCarthy. That is great. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. It is a tool that we use at our office of Research and Development which oversees labs as well. It just provides us an opportunity to more effectively compete to get the world-class scientists that we need working in the agency in these vital positions.    It has been authorized for an additional five years. We only use it when we need to because we understand that we are all budget constrained but I couldn't be more pleased that we have been able to fill that position and with somebody with credibility that we see. And really, without that opportunity, it would have been extraordinarily difficult.    Public service is wonderful. Lucrative is not part of wonderful.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah, we have resolved that issue and thank you for raising it. I think it was raised quickly enough that we realized what the concern was and we were able to address it very quickly. It had to do with a Clean Air Act obligation for vehicles or engines and I don't remember exactly how we fixed it. All I remember is when it got raised everybody said we have to fix this. And so, I appreciate it very much.    Ms. McCarthy. And thank you for recognizing that. We have been working very hard with the tribes to make sure that they are--the money that they can use for infrastructure purposes is increased. We are looking at a $96 million increase under our tribal gap program, I'm sorry, $96 million this year which is a $31 million increase over what was enacted in 2015.    You know, we are trying to also make sure that we are bolstering the ability for tribes to deal with some of their solid waste issues. We have proposed $3 million in extramural funds just to make sure they have some core services that the rest of us sort of take for granted. And they need some help there.    We also are working with Puget Sound to dedicate some additional resources to the tribes to allow them to keep participating in that effort and to benefit from the clean-ups that are essential for Puget Sound. And that will also ensure that we meet our trust responsibility to the tribes.    And we also have some set-asides under the Drinking Water Fund where we are making sure that $20 million, or two percent, of the appropriated funds are set aside for Indian tribes and Alaskan native villages. They have unique and critical needs that we need to fund.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, we have to actually set it up as a competitive process where we describe the criteria. We even take comment and publicly put those out. The challenge for dealing with tribes and Alaskan native villages is their ability to be able to compete effectively given their limited, you know, resources to be able to hire consultants and do the work. Which is why both in the funds that I have recognized but also in the Clean Water revolving fund, the SRF, we do set aside----    Ms. McCarthy . So they are competing against each other.    Ms. McCarthy. We can help them and provide them technical assistance. But the criteria----    Ms. McCarthy . Is publicly available. It is discussed. There is nothing that doesn't make this a totally competitive process. But we do set asides for the tribes. It is appropriate. It is necessary to do that. And it has provided them opportunities to compete effectively against one another for what is the highest priority items that we can take care of.    But it also gives us a sense of what the needs are in the tribes and what we might want to request in the next year which is why I think it is important for these funds to go through so we continue with our commitment to the tribes to get them under the standard of living that the vast majority of people in this country enjoy.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, thank you for raising all of these issues because I do agree that people across the U.S. are worried about the changing climate and the extreme weather events we are seeing because they recognize that global warming is not exactly the term to come out of the gate with. It is really all about extreme weather whether it is the snow that we are seeing or the heat that we are experiencing and the droughts.    On blue carbon, the good news is that this is something that I think many people are now attuned to and are doing research on. As you know, across the U.S. government, in particular, in NOAA, they take really a leadership role in some of the research activities here. But I do also know that there has been a national conference that was sponsored on ocean acidification in the U.S. that drew a number of countries in with experts and researchers and scientists to begin to make a concerted international effort to take a look at this issue.    It is one of the, I believe, one of the least studied areas is to understand what ocean acidification means and how the lack of salt marshes and other opportunities for buffering those issues, what it actually means. It could end up being one of the most difficult issues for us to get our arms around but there hasn't been the kind of research effort that is necessary.    And in terms of working with coastal areas, we have been supporting not just technical assistance and research but also tools that are available to understand what the challenges are and how we can more effectively look at these. Everything from mapping that is done across the U.S. government to all of us categorizing the impacts and also looking at what you can to avoid those. And how do we more naturally look at resiliency in our coastlines to protect our property and our lives.    It is a significant challenge because so much of the northeast is our coastlines. But being from the northeast myself, I will do everything I can to work.    Ms. McCarthy. Yeah, did you? I thought I really carefully covered it.    Ms. McCarthy. As Congressman Kilmer will tell you, Washington and Oregon are losing oyster beds to Hawaii these days, right?    Ms. McCarthy. Well, I don't know if I am close enough to make a comparative statement. I am sure that the folks you recognized are working on all of those issues. What I do know is that the President is very serious when he says that climate change is an issue that is not just an environmental one but one that is fundamental to our economy, fundamental to national security. And I have been in other countries where I have been most recently to Vietnam where I went there to talk about their water quality challenges within Hanoi and to work with them on a variety of issues. They couldn't stop talking about the impacts of sea level rise in the Mekong Delta.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. I feel--    Ms. McCarthy. If you look at, sir, and I would ask you to take a look at the national security strategy that was recently laid out. It is all about water and the expanding areas of drought that will impact economies and lives. It is all about the displacement of large populations that will provide a level of insecurity that will be extraordinary as sea levels rise.    There is a very large challenge with climate change and the impacts are here today. You can count them. You can look at them. You can cost them out. Many people have.    Ms. McCarthy. They think it is a threat to national security as well as the environment and the economy here.    Ms. McCarthy. I would agree that it is certainly the greatest challenge that my agency is facing at this point in terms of what we can contribute to some of the solutions and the actions moving forward.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, the recommendation that EPA, that I made, in the proposed rule was to consider a range between 70 and 65. And if you look at all of the national rules that are in place today and what we expect to see moving forward, we do know that by 2025, at the range of 70, that you are likely see nine counties in non-attainment by 2025 at that level because of all of the efforts already underway to reduce that pollutant.    And so, I don't necessarily believe that there are no ways to achieve attainment out west. I do know California, that was with the exception of California, nine counties, has particular challenges but they are looking at an attainment date of the year of outside of 2037. So this is a health-based standard that we will work with states as we have done before to try to make sure that they are not trying to do anything that is outside of their authority or purview. They certainly don't have to get down to levels that are not attributable to them. And we will work at looking at the costs associated with those and be as reasonable as we can moving forward.    But this is what the health studies are telling us are necessary to protect public health and welfare.    Ms. McCarthy. Okay. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. But thank you so much for the questions. I appreciate it.    Ms. McCarthy. I am listening.    Ms. McCarthy. So let me----    Ms. McCarthy. Sir, my answer is the same as yesterday is that we have done extensive outreach. We have hearings all over the U.S. If there is a stakeholder group that I have not heard from that you think was precluded from commenting, we are happy to address that issue.    Ms. McCarthy. I don't know how it is clarified, sir, how it ranks.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. That was a good one.    Ms. McCarthy. Just short of 58.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes.    Ms. McCarthy. As opposed to 2015 enacted but it is a significant increase over the presidential request----    Ms. McCarthy. That is not correct, sir.    Ms. McCarthy. That is correct.    Ms. McCarthy. But I wanted to explain. EPA has shrunk its workforce significantly because of budget constraints. We are trying to hire to keep our work moving forward. The lawyers you are referring to are not specifically dedicated to rulemakings.    We have identified that in order to serve the public, including the business community, that our ability to assess the legal viability of permits and other things, it is necessary to have more legal staff to be able----    Ms. McCarthy . To get our job done in a variety----    Ms. McCarthy. Yep.    Ms. McCarthy. I do not know whether--what specific quote you are using but I indicated that we do a thorough analysis of costs and benefits for our major rules----    Ms. McCarthy . And I indicated that----    Ms. McCarthy. You may want to listen to the rest of the conversation, sir, because we care deeply about economic implications and jobs. Care deeply about it.    Ms. McCarthy. First of all, let me thank you for your service on the task force, a significant amount of your time I know is spent here.    There were some very difficult decisions that needed to be made in the budget, and I do recognize that any decrease will have to come with a prioritization among the agencies on what is focused on.    I also recognize that this is an aggressive schedule of work to get done and a lot of needs. I think we will have to work with the agencies and also with the task force to make sure we are prioritizing resources effectively.    Ms. McCarthy. I understand your feelings.    Ms. McCarthy. We could certainly talk through that with the task force.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. I do know the agency is actively looking at this issue in a number of different ways. We are looking at a cross agency strategy to identify and map where harmful algal blooms are already happening.    We are taking a look at what source waters those harmful algal blooms might impact. We are taking a look at the treatment facilities at those source waters so we can make sure that drinking water systems are highlighted. Needs for upgrades.    As you know, we have asked for a significant amount of state revolving funds to be able to support drinking water. For the first time in I do not know how many years, drinking water is actually a larger portion of the budget on SRF than wastewater, than clean water activities, because we need to address them.    We are also looking at some guidance for individual communities on what the levels are they should be testing to and thinking about, and we are working with Congress as well on a number of other initiatives that we need to undertake.    I think this is a new phenomenon and one that we are getting our arms around, but we are trying to be as aggressive as we can not just in responding to where the blooms are happening but understanding what is the cause, and getting at the root cause of those problems, which is very complex in some areas.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes. We are looking at developing an advisory now. As you know, when the incident in Toledo happened, we were relying on the World Health Organization, and the standards are advisories that they have. We think we can do a better job at that and continuing to advance the science moving forward. We are looking at that now.    The development of an actual water quality standard is something that I know folks are anxious about. It is quite a lengthy process. We need to just keep moving forward and provide advice and look at what we do with our states and our local governments moving forward.Friday in March, 2013. He is talking about climate change. ``This is probably the most likely thing that is going to happen that will cripple the security environment, probably more likely than any of the other scenarios we talk about.''    Our military along with the President does realize that if we do not address climate change, for future generations, it puts us in a very, very dangerous place with our national security.    Let's go back to today. We know you have a budget that is below 2005 levels, so this is not an extravagant budget or anything like this. It is below 2005 levels. I want to talk about 2005 levels and Brownfields, because this is not an extravagant budget.    Brownfields' redevelopment benefits communities. We know it enhances our economic ability to grow, retain jobs, and create new jobs. I am pleased that you have $110 million for Brownfields' state or tribal grants.    This is, to quote one of the other members, large. This is the largest Brownfields' request under this Administration, but here again, the total budget for the EPA is below 2005 levels when adjusted for inflation.    Here is my concern. There is an estimated 450,000 Brownfields in this country, and the EPA, with the funding that it has, has the result of only 118 clean ups per year. This is a terrible ratio, and you are working within the budget constraints that you have, but many of the states, communities, and tribes that I work with and hear from all around the country are really eager to redevelop.    This increase is a good start, but if we do not really jump start this, how do you envision the EPA to ever facilitate reducing this backlog in Brownfields and putting America's lands back to work for good American jobs for families?    Ms. McCarthy. I think you are raising a very important question because our Brownfields' funds have been extremely important for economic development, not just in our urban areas but our rural communities.    I think the challenge is that many of us spend a significant amount of our Brownfields' resources to do assessments and plans. It is carrying out the clean up efforts associated with those that are most challenging.    That is why in fiscal year 2016 we are requesting a bump up of $30 million to $189.1, but a total of $49.5 million has been requested to support approximately 150 state and tribal response programs, of which a $1.7 million increase from fiscal year 2015 will be used to prioritize efforts to small and rural communities, as well as funding for new tribal grantees.    We are doing what we can, but you are absolutely right, the challenges are large, but we are trying to find ways in which we can coordinate our funding most effectively and not just identify the problems and solutions but bring them to the table.    Ms. McCarthy. Ranking Member, I think everyone agrees that we need to address lead paint and we need to keep our kids safe. That is something I think we can all agree on.    The agency did create some alternatives to help ensure that the lead renovation, repair and painting rule could be done and carried out in a cost effective way.    There are now two currently available test kits. Those are an opportunity to screen so you can understand and a contractor can easily detect whether or not there is any opportunity for lead paint to be there so they can properly conduct their work.    The second thing we did was we provided an alternative to collect paint chips, so they could then take it to an EPA accredited lab, which is also a cost effective way to understand and detect whether there is lead paint and then to subsequently make sure you are protecting kids as it is being removed.    The third was you could hire a lead paint inspector. There is an x-ray florescent analyzer, which is something that can be brought into the home and easily detect where lead paint exists.    We think we have provided a range of cost effective alternatives for implementing this rule, and we think it is extremely important for us to move on and provide stability here to the contractors that are trying to do the right thing and to families that are trying to protect their kids.    Ms. McCarthy. The ones that we are familiar with--I am hesitating because I do not know the exact one that might be on the table, but the ones that have been proposed in the past would preclude us from moving forward.    Ms. McCarthy. Absolutely.    Ms. McCarthy. We tend to almost always leverage our Brownfields' funds. If you will give me a second, I will see if I can identify the numbers.    I guess I do not have it with me. I will follow up with you and let you indicate--the thing that we have done a study of, which may be of interest to you, is that when Brownfields have been redeveloped and also when Superfund sites have been turned over, we have some wonderful economics of what it does for the area in terms of economic vitality, what the subsequent investment is in that area and what it provides.    I am happy to share that information with you, and I apologize that I do not have it on hand.    Ms. McCarthy. That would be great. Thank you.    Ms. McCarthy. I want it noted that it was not me who groaned.    Ms. McCarthy. I wrote that down.    Ms. McCarthy. Yes, sir, I do understand the seriousness of the issue, and yes, we are working very closely with all of the agencies engaged to make sure that the supplemental draft EIS resolves some of the issues that have been raised, frankly, not just by EPA but by many other agencies.    We are confident we can do that and we are at the table in the most positive productive way we can be, and we will stay there until we get these issues resolved.    Ms. McCarthy. It is not often that the agency sees the lead agency developing an EIS, a draft EIS, to agree that a supplemental was necessary. I do think it was not just EPA but other agencies that identified there were some gaps in the data or in the systems.    I will make sure that the agency offers no surprises moving forward. We want to be at the table and we want to be participating. I think our region out there feels like they have been doing that all along, but if there is any question of that, you can be assured that I will be watching it as well.    Ms. McCarthy. I am sorry. I do not have all the details on that. I certainly remember from the time that I was the AA for Air that we started on both of those projects moving forward. I know we have been working hard on the cost manual in particular, but if it is okay with you, Congressman, I am happy to send you back an exact status on both of those.    Ms. McCarthy. As soon as I can.    Ms. McCarthy. I will let David approach this.    Ms. McCarthy. Actually, these are not litigation attorneys. Again, these are attorneys that we feel we need to properly do our core work. There is a legal review of permits when they go out. There is a legal review of plans that need to be approved by the agency, and we have heard from states over and over again, as well as many of you, about getting quicker in terms of the work we do. We have been doing an exercise within the agency to look at our decision-making processes and find where we need to add resources so that we can be assured of getting them done in a quicker way, and many times it is because our attorneys are not available and focused on some of these key deliverables that we need for the business community and our states. We are trying to do what we are supposed to do, Congressman, which is to expedite things like this so that we can show that we are working effectively and efficiently. It is a switching of resources. But remember, I cut down the FTEs in the agency considerably. We had in excess of, I think, 18,000 staff at one time. You know, I am down in the 14,000s trying to work my way back up to the 15. So I am trying to do everything I can to expedite. And when I say that I need resources from the attorneys, it is because it is where we see the roadblocks happening and where we see the shifts, not because we are using them for added litigation purposes.    Ms. McCarthy. Well, that is what we can--that is our ceiling that we are looking at. It is not where we are hiring.    Ms. McCarthy. We will give it our best shot. I do believe it. And I think we have already--we will be able to show some really added expedited scheduling for what we do just working with the states and making things work. I am trying not to ask for more people. I am trying to be able to shift resources effectively to where I see efficiencies can be had.    Ms. McCarthy. I think that we see ourselves facing more and more of a backlog of work that needs to get done. Specifically, I know that the backlog on the drinking water is probably $348 billion, and the need on the clean water SRF is $298. I think it's clear that the SRFs are not the only tool that we need to bring to the table. So we are also standing up that new center that is going to look at water, infrastructure, and resiliency financing, because we need to bring public-private partnerships to the table. The private sector benefits as much as we do when you look at how much water the private sector utilizes. And I am not suggesting that we do not want them to have it; just that we cannot always rely on public sector funds to get this done, even though we do our best to leverage those funds. And I also do not want you to think that the rest of the agency is growing while the SRF is staying more stagnant than you would like. I realize that when you look at it dollar for dollar, you may be looking at the third largest budget, but if you look at this, it does not adjust for inflation at all. And if you look at our 2016 total budget, if you adjust it for inflation, it becomes the ninth largest over the last 12 years. And you know what has happened over the last 12 years. The requirements for EPA and the responsibilities we have been given by Congress over the last nine years have been considerable. So we are looking at the new challenges. We are looking at the new contaminants and the new challenges we are seeing moving forward. And this is not a budget that I think is overly inflated in any way. And in fact, I think it is a reasonable approach to trying to get us on a trajectory where we can do what Congress gave us to do in a responsible and efficient way.    Ms. McCarthy. That is quite all right.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you for the opportunity.    Ms. McCarthy. Thank you so much.    Ms. McCarthy. It would be my pleasure to continue the conversation. Thank you.