    Mr. Hurt. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Chair Yellen, thank you for appearing before us this afternoon.    The last time that you were here, I talked to you a little bit about our district. I represent Virginia's Fifth District, a very rural district. Agriculture is the primary part of our economy, which helps make up the primary part of the Virginia economy, which is agriculture and forestry together. At that time, I asked you about my concerns relating to the community banks and what is being done specifically to help them. You said when we talked last that, ``We want to listen to their concerns and understand them, and we are doing our very best to listen and try to tailor an appropriate set of capital requirements and other regulations.''    You went on to say that, ``We want to do our very best to make sure that community banks aren't burdened with all that regulation.''    And I am sure you are familiar with the recent Harvard study that came out that tells us now what those of us back in the Fifth District already knew, which is that the community banks are hurting. For the last 20 years, we have seen their share of lending drop from 41 percent to 22 percent, I think. Since Dodd-Frank was enacted, we have seen their share drop 12 percent alone.    I guess what I would like to hear from you today, because you didn't get into the specifics at our last meeting, specifically what are we doing to stop this and what are we doing to reverse this trend so that we can have capital access for working families in places and districts like mine, capital access for small businesses and for our farmers?    Mr. Hurt. Can you talk specifically about proposals that you think that will help stop this trend and in fact reverse it?    Mr. Hurt. Has that been useful?    Mr. Hurt. Has it resulted in any--    Mr. Hurt. --concrete proposals?    Mr. Hurt. Right.    Mr. Hurt. My time is about to expire, but I would ask that you do everything that you can to continue to make this a front-burner issue because it is deeply affecting working families, small businesses, and family farmers all across my district. Thank you.