    Mr. Rokita. Thank the chairman.    Acting Secretary King, thanks for being here today. I'm currently chairing the kindergarten to 12th grade subcommittee, and look forward to working with you. Just so know, my office is always open, the phone's always available for you. That's the relationship I had with your predecessor, and I offer it to you here publicly.    Mr. Rokita. A little bit of housekeeping to start off. I was intrigued by Mrs. Foxx's line of questioning and appreciated the March 1 deadline that she offered to get written answers to her questions. I want to be clear for the record that you agree that that's a reasonable deadline to get written answers back.    Mr. Rokita. Could you take 5 seconds right now and ask your staff if any questions she asked were unclear to them, because I know they're going to help writing the response, and relay those concerns to the microphone now?    Mr. Rokita. So do you doubt you can make the March 1 deadline?    Mr. Rokita. Do you feel any of Mrs. Foxx's questions were unclear?    Mr. Rokita. Okay. But the questions were straightforward and reasonable?    Mr. Rokita. Okay. Thank you, Doctor.    I also wear the hat -- or the curse -- of being vice chairman of the Budget Committee, and so I'm very interested in today's hearing from a couple of those perspectives. I see that your administration has been proclaiming that the budget adheres to the budget agreement reached by the previous Speaker last fall, I believe in October. Yet it includes over $6 billion for new mandatory spending programs in 2017 alone.    Now, just two of those programs that we touched on a little bit so far, Preschool for All and the College Promise programs, are estimated to increase the deficit by $127 billion over 10 years -- $127 billion over 10 years alone. So I find it hard to understand how that adheres to any kind of budget agreement. This was my initial reaction: How does that adhere to any budget agreement when we blow up the numbers that way?    So then you dig a little deeper, and I realized how you did it. These programs, you moved them into mandatory spending versus discretionary spending. And of course the heart of the agreement was on the discretionary side. And for those watching at home or wherever you may be tuning in, it's sort of a confusing concept, not to us, but to others, mandatory versus discretionary. Of course the appropriations process is all discretionary spending. The budget is discretionary spending. Congressman Rokita and the rest of us here, we all vote on whether to dial up those numbers or dial down those numbers.    But what doesn't get touched and what is the majority of our Federal spend every year and what is a majority of our $19 trillion in debt is the mandatory side. So as I read your budget request, you're simply -- you're taking $127 billion in terms of new spending, put it into mandatory programs, so we can't touch it unless we reform that underlying program, which we did in the Every Student Succeeds Act, and we'll probably talk more about that tomorrow.    But you see the switch that I'm talking about here. People would call it a gimmick. And this is your first time here in this capacity on the Hill. You don't want to start off that way. Did you have a hand in writing this budget?    Mr. Rokita. Yeah, I just said that. Sir, no, I'm sorry, let me interrupt you. I just said that. Yes. It agrees to the discretionary side of things by blowing up the mandatory side, including a $127 billion increase in spending over 2 years on your two programs, Preschool for All and College Promise.    So my question was, did you write this budget?    Mr. Rokita. Let's not start off like this. I know you're new. You can easily say that Arne Dunkin wrote -- helped the President write this. Did you have a hand--    Mr. Rokita. Do you think that's a responsible way to budget, to move stuff from the discretionary side into the mandatory side and then proclaim that you're adhering to an agreement?    Mr. Rokita. You're about ready, you've been nominated, to hold the reins of an agency that spends billions of dollars, and there's a tremendous amount of responsibility that goes with that, as you know. Did you agree to move $127 billion of new spending from the discretionary side out of the appropriators' hands and out of the budget's hands to a mandatory side of spending?    Mr. Rokita. Thank you.    Thank you, Chairman. I yield back.