    Mr. Scalise. Well, thank you, Congressman Graves.    Appreciate the Governor and our other panelists for being here.    Obviously, over the last few weeks, we've been working, number one, to do everything we can to try to make sure that the Federal agencies that are involved are doing everything they can. I think it's important to hear from the mayors on the ground about the challenges.    And, you know, like every major disaster, each one's different. Clearly, this is a lot different than Katrina. I went through a lot of those issues as a State representative but working on a lot of different problems. And you just--you know, ultimately, our jobs ought to be finding out what the problems are and breaking through the red tape. And there's been some red tape identified that we've got to keep breaking through.    And we've been meeting as a delegation on a number of those issues with the Governor, and our main objective is going to be making sure that the response that has to come from Washington, especially any congressional action that's required, is something that we come together on and then focus it on making sure it helps people get back in their homes. That has to be the top priority.    And as we've been having our conversations, both going out in the field and--you know, every time I've been out there, you learn new things, you find out other things that we can do to help break through that red tape. But then we've got to make sure that our response from Washington is targeted on responding to this storm in the most effective way, learning from other mistakes, which, obviously, over decades of disasters, including what we've experienced firsthand in Louisiana, that we don't make those mistakes again.    So I appreciate what you all are doing. Continue to let us know how we can help you resolve those problems. Because the problems are real. Many of these problems are solvable. And if agencies aren't operating in the most effective way to help you get the relief you need, we're all going to be united in making sure that gets fixed.    And it's got to get fixed quickly, because, as you said, this isn't a case where maybe somebody waited 2 or 3 weeks and couldn't even get back in their community. People have already been gutting their houses 4 weeks now, trying to get back in. So the response is going to have to be targeted to this disaster in a different way and in a direct way.    So I appreciate what you all are doing. Continue to work with us. Let us know what we can do to help.    Governor, we're going to continue meeting. I know we're going to be meeting again with you as a delegation in the next few days. And we will continue to be talking to our colleagues up here.    And the good news is, you know, as you see a disaster that shows the worst of Mother Nature, it also shows the best of people. And we've seen an incredible response. I've just in the last few days we've been back up here heard from so many Members of Congress from all across the country, from both parties, that want to help us. And they sincerely understand what's happened and want to help. They don't completely understand the gravity, but they definitely understand that there was major devastation and want to offer any help that they can. And believe me, we've been making a list. But this is going to be something that we're going to all have to continue to work on and make sure that we get it right.    So thanks for what you're doing. We're going to continue to work with you. And let's all work together to get it done the right way.    I yield back.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Richmond, for questions.