    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, very much. Well, you know, we could talk about border security and sovereign rights all day. But here is the cruel fact of it all: We are dealing with the worst humanitarian crisis in, what, since World War II. And these people, they have to go somewhere, because they are getting killed and tortured, and they are starving. It is a horrible situation.    First question I would like you to comment--you know, answer, if you want to weigh in, which I think is important for our public to understand, and that is--because we are looking at all this afar, and I think we can understand the humanitarian part of this. I would like your opinion on what is happening now in Europe, how that would affect our own economic or national security here in the United States? What are the long-term implications?    Ms. Frankel. Right.    Ms. Frankel. Okay. Well, thank you for saying what you said. Maybe my question wasn't clear. I think it is important for our public here in the United States to understand that there are economic consequences and potential national security consequences if we ignore what is going on in Europe and in Syria and in other parts of the region that are affected by these refugees. I thought maybe you could comment on that?    Ms. Frankel. All right. I don't mean to interrupt you, but maybe this is just not in your area of expertise. That is not a criticism, all right. I mean, I think there are economic consequences and security consequences if we ignore what is going on, but not because we are afraid of terrorists coming in. I mean, quite frankly, I think most of the people who are being--that are fleeing Syria are innocent people who are good, decent people, and they are not going to threaten our lives. I think the bigger threat is we do nothing.    So I will go to another subject then, all right. Which is--and I think maybe Mr. Poe started to get into this with you, but do you think that the United States should give more financial aid toward the refugees that are now going into Europe? Because I know we are doing it in Syria; we are doing it in Lebanon. I mean, the displaced refugees in Syria and Lebanon and Jordan and Turkey. Do you have an opinion as to whether or not we should increase our efforts in Europe?    Ms. Frankel. Okay. So that is outside your----    Ms. Frankel. And I guess our philosopher over here, you just--no comment?    Ms. Frankel. Okay. All right. You know what, but I did enjoy your testimony.    And I think I will yield back, Mr. Chair.