    Mr. Sarbanes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will be shorter than 5 minutes.    I want to thank the panel.    Mr. Jaffe, long time, no see. Thank you for your testimony.    I confess to you, my head is kind of exploding on this, just trying to balance all of these different concerns. So I am still absorbing a lot of the information and perspective related to it.    I take it, Mr. Jaffe, that even though there is a system now whereby the FDA, in effect, says that they think things are OK because they issued this letter that says they don't have any further questions, that you don't view that as an affirmative enough judgment being rendered by the FDA with respect to the safety of the item that is subject to the letter.    Can you just elaborate a little bit more on why you feel that a more proactive, affirmative statement or standard or judgment or opinion on the part of the FDA would make sense in the context of this proposal?    Mr. Sarbanes. Right. OK. Well, I appreciate that. My sense is you would believe that having that new standard would help address some of the anxiety that people legitimately feel about whether there are safety concerns there or not. And, in so doing, you might lessen the demand for the kind of labeling that Mr. Giddings and others are reluctant to see imposed.    So I don't understand why there is a total departure between the two of you on this topic, because it seems that one would help the other to some degree.    I am going to switch gears, and I am going to try to wrap up.    I gather that the Vermont labeling bill is one that would require the producer, the manufacturer, whatever the right term is here for the person putting the label on there, to indicate that it is partially produced or wholly produced by GE, but that a label saying ``may contain GE'' is not an option? Or is it if there is no way to determine the origins?    Mr. Sarbanes. But if they can determine it, they cannot choose to say ``may.''    Mr. Sarbanes. That, to me, would be a solution to the entire problem in some ways.    In any event, thank you all for your testimony.    I will yield back.