    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First of all, I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter certain forms into the record, and those forms are the voter registration forms for Kansas, Ohio, and Maine. I think each of these documents clearly asks whether the submitter is a U.S. citizen. Kansas, for example, has a clear Statement saying, Warning: If you submit a false voter registration application, you may be convicted and sentenced to up to 17 months in prison. So I ask unanimous consent to enter this form into the record because it seems clear to me that non-citizens who receive a driver's license are fully apprised of the consequences of lying about citizenship on their applications.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you very much.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Mr. Kobach, I have a question for you. You mentioned something relating to a hog election in Kansas, and that you had problems with people from, I believe it was, Oklahoma? Were those people from Oklahoma non-citizens of Kansas or non-citizens of the United States of America?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Non-citizens of what?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. OK. How do they know that?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you.    Mr. Dunlap, how does the Maine mail-in registration form clarify voting eligibility requirements?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So, to your knowledge, has there been a significant reporting of individuals not understanding this, these requirements?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So when third parties go out and do voter registration, how are you sure that they are getting people who are eligible to register to vote to actually register? Are they asked to accompany those forms with the information that you would ask of an individual?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Do you think that the laws on the books as of right now are really adequate to ensure that there is an understanding and a compliance for voting?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Has there been anything identified in the Presidential executive actions that are loosely related to this issue, if at all, and I certainly don't think that they are, that somehow enhances the opportunity of voter fraud by non-citizens?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Does your office have a sense that our participation of eligible voters voting or not voting has become sort of diminished in our elections and that we should be doing something to encourage those who can vote to vote?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Well, I certainly wish we could take that as a standard and try to apply it and exceed it.    I certainly think that what we have been experiencing these last elections would suggest very strongly that we need to be concentrating on efforts to get eligible people to vote, and that the few instances and the expectations or the projections of a possibility of a problem does not necessitate the kinds of resources and application of time, resource, or money that we are devoting to this today. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.