    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to the witnesses.    We have heard repeatedly today from many of you all that the $50 billion asset threshold is arbitrary and unrealistically low.    If you take community banks in the aggregate and look at their assets combined and compare them, say, with Zion Bank's $58 billion size, and you look at the number of community banks that have been acquired or have failed since the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, the numbers are quite startling. By year-end 2010, there were 7,657 banks in the United States. By the first quarter of 2015, that number had declined to 6,419.    And if you look at small banks and de novo charters, newly formed banks, according to a March 2015 Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond study, there were only 4 de novo, newly formed banks total in the last several years, compared to a yearly average of more than 100 from 2002 to 2008.    If you add all of that up and you see the consolidation and you see that there are about 1,200 fewer banks today than there were when Dodd-Frank was enacted, you are talking about a pretty significant loss in assets or at least concentration of assets in larger, more systemically important institutions.    So what is the difference, from a financial stability standpoint, from a systemic risk standpoint, between the prospect that a failure of a $58 billion small regional bank would have on our economy versus the actual impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on community banks, which has been a dramatic consolidation and elimination of these small community banks?    Would anyone care to respond to that analysis?    Does the fact that there is consolidation in the industry and the fact that there are very few new charters and the fact that there are a lot of community banks going out of the business, when, in the aggregate, constitute a pretty significant asset size, maybe larger in the aggregate than a $58 million bank? Does that concern anyone?    Mr. Barr. Let me explore the cost issue with the stress test with Mr. Simmons a little bit more.    You have testified, obviously, that as a consequence of the stress test you have added 500 compliance officers--and additional regulations--you have added 500 compliance officers, none of whom work in the core business of banking. None of them are in lending. They are in compliance.    Obviously, that is costly to the bank's profitability; it is costly to your shareholders. But my question is, what does it mean to your customer?    Mr. Barr. Can I just interject? In talking to another regional bank CEO, what he told me was that $100 million in additional compliance costs is the equivalent to a billion dollars in capital not deployed in the community. Does that ratio square with your experience?    Mr. Barr. So the compliance costs mean less credit available to customers. And that, I would argue, is in and of itself a risk to the financial system, that you have that much less capital deployed in the economy, compromising economic growth.    Mr. Barr. My time has expired. I yield back. Thank you.