    Mr. Weber. We are good to go.    Mr. Weber. Yes.    Mr. Weber. Dr. Lewis, you said in your prepared remarks, and I am paraphrasing, that private property doesn't belong to anyone. Would you go back through that for me, please?    Mr. Weber. And yet you recognize----    Mr. Weber. You recognize from Biblical days that there was properties bought and sold, for example. So some time back thousands of years ago, that process began.    Mr. Weber. Right.    Mr. Weber. And that is where----    Mr. Weber. Well, that is where I was going to go, I mean, because ownership, actually, you know, I would submit makes people be better stewards of their property.    Mr. Weber. So in your estimation, is Hungary being a good steward of their borders?    Mr. Weber. That is what I want to hear, especially with our Ambassador sitting here.    Dr. Shiffman, you said that opportunity for economic growth for all of these refugees or immigrants coming in, but don't you think that perhaps it is going to be an overburdening on the infrastructure? I mean, you talked about an opportunity for economic growth. Is there no down side that you see? I am talking about economically now.    Mr. Weber. Is there a timeframe involved? I mean, they are not going to get that economic benefit in the first 6 months or a year, right? They are going to be really overburdened for a while?    Mr. Weber. Well, let me address part of that open borders. You mentioned the United States actually shares--has the responsibility of--I come from Texas.    Mr. Weber. I was in the Texas legislature, and my second term I was the vice-chair of the Borders Committee, and I can tell you things about our southern border. Of the 2,000 miles the United States has with Mexico, Texas has about 1,167 miles, almost two-thirds of them, and it would scare you.    The years that I was there, the 4 years I was there, the Texas legislature put $200 million in border security; unfortunately, the United States did not. After I left, they came in and put $400 million the first term I was gone, and the last term they put over $500 million in. So I want to make that plug for not only the great state of Texas, but to point out the country of the United States is not really shouldering up under the responsibility of securing our southern border. Okay.    It is interesting to me, and I am trying to read my notes while I am talking, one of you said that maybe the European Union ought to shoulder up under that burden and pony up some money. Was that you, Dr.--was it you?    Okay. How do you expect to make that happen if we can't get the United States to do that?    Mr. Weber. That is a battle that we might not be able to win.    Mr. Weber. And then, let's see. Dr. Shiffman, you also said in your discourse with Congresswoman Frankel that the humanitarian component of the crisis has to come up first, but at what point--you were talking about--she was talking about people being taken in, you know, that they were--I mean, I am not going to put words in Lois's mouth, but I think she said they were all pretty friendly and nice, most of them, you know, insinuating that we ought to be willing to take some of them in was, I guess, where she was going with that.    But at what point does the humanitarian concept of our citizens take precedence because of the danger? Would you speak to that?    Mr. Weber. Should be first and foremost.    Mr. Weber. Okay. How do you balance those two?    Mr. Weber. Okay. Are you aware of about 3:20 today, CNN is reporting that the United States intelligence are saying that they believe a bomb brought the airliner down in Egypt, a bomb onboard the plane? So when you talk about people coming over and either assimilating into their--you, know, there was--I don't remember which one said that there was a problem that maybe terrorists were being embedded in the refugee stream, or that once they got there, they would radicalize others in the nation.    Well, I think what we are seeing is the effect of some radicalization, some terrorism right now. Do you know how many men and women and children lost their lives on that airliner? It is about 230 something, wasn't it?    So I am just struggling with the idea that somehow we have to focus on the humanitarian crisis to the exclusion of our own citizens' safety. That is just a huge concern to me.    Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.