    Mr. Schoeneman. Thank you, Chairman Rouzer, Chairman Hunter, Chairman Conaway, and Ranking Members Costa and Garamendi for the invitation to testify here today. My name is Brian Schoeneman, and I serve as the Legislative Director for the Seafarers International Union. I am here today representing all of seagoing labor, which includes the seafarers, the marine engineers, the masters, mates, and pilots, and the American maritime officers. Together, our four unions and our affiliates represent the bulk of America's internationally sailing civilian mariners. Before I begin, I would like to thank personally Chairman Hunter, on behalf of maritime labor, for his remarks on the floor of the House regarding the loss of the S.S. El Faro last month. It is hard to understate how difficult this has been to our union families, and it was a tremendous blow to the American Merchant Marine, and your heartfelt remarks meant a lot to the families of the crew, and all of us in the industry, so thank you, sir.    I want to thank all the Members of both Subcommittees for holding this hearing today. All too often, when it comes to our international food aid program, the maritime industry is largely ignored. When we aren't ignored, we are vilified and lied about, accused of starving children and being greedy shills for foreign fat cats lining their pockets with taxpayer dollars. That is a fantasy. The reality is that the men and women of the American Merchant Marine have been a critical part of America's food aid program since their inception. As they have since the earliest days of our republic, our mariners put their lives on the line every time they leave the dock. Whether it is braving pirate infested waters, like the crew of the Maersk Alabama did to deliver food aid to Africa, the emergency deliveries of critical supplies to Haiti in the aftermath of the 2010 earthquake, or simply the daily dangers of the sea, as we have recently seen, the men and women of the Merchant Marine have helped make this program the undoubted success that it is. Food aid is, and remains, a critical part of the cargo base that ensures the existence, not the success, merely the existence, of our Merchant Marine. Our fleet employs thousands of Americans in shipboard jobs alone, and tens of thousands more in maritime and agriculture. If food aid cargo preference were to disappear, those jobs would disappear with it, and they won't come back. And with those jobs goes America's ability to project power and defend our allies and interests abroad.    When it comes to food aid, the anti-maritime special interests have one goal, and that is to undermine the traditional relationship between agriculture, maritime, and the private voluntary organizations who have made our program so successful. We refuse to let them succeed. The arguments they make, essentially that food aid isn't an important source of cargo for the industry, that it isn't important to our farmers, and that ending in-kind food aid wouldn't cost a single job, are ludicrous on their face. Despite these recklessly false claims often made by hack academics who wouldn't know a bow from a stern, you all heard what the Maritime Administrator testified to earlier. There is no denying that the loss of food aid cargo resulting from reductions in appropriations, and the cuts to cargo preference in MAP-21, has cost this industry ships and jobs.    Over the last 10 years food aid has made up a considerable portion of the preference cargo carried by American carriers, if not the majority. From 2000 to 2013 cargo volumes in the food aid program have dropped 77 percent. In 1999 there were 106 American ships carrying approximately 6 million tons of food aid. In 2013 the fleet had dropped in size to 75 ships, carrying slightly more than 1 million tons of food aid. According to MARAD, since 2010 the size of the U.S.-flag fleet has dropped 23 percent, from 99 ships to the 78 ships mentioned today. And that has resulted in the loss of nearly 1,000 mariner jobs. This loss is not a coincidence. It is the logical, expected result of a continued vicious, well-funded, and relentless assault against America's Merchant Marine and our military readiness. America's Merchant Mariners are a vital national security asset. We cannot allow the bad ideas of a few misguided academics who have forgotten that this program was always more than just a foreign aid program to destroy the jobs of tens of thousands of people, and cripple our ability to defend ourselves and respond to crises around the globe.    I strongly urge you to reject these dangerous arguments. Do not allow the critics of in-kind food aid and the American Merchant Marine to accomplish what the Royal Navy could not do during the Revolution, what German submarines could not do during World War II, and what pirates could not do in 2009. I urge you to continue to support in-kind food aid, cargo preference, and Congress' steadfast support for the United States Merchant Marine. Thank you all, and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Schoeneman. In addition to what Mr. Shapiro said, I would like to point out, one of the problems that I have with the argument about inefficiencies, I mean, we have been working on trying to resolve inefficiencies for a decade or more. We have started pre-positioning food in warehouses across the world that is close enough to the regions that it needs to go to. We have been involved in that process for a while now.    But, one of the things that gets lost is we need to recognize, P.L. 83-480 is not just a disaster assistance program. It is a chronic hunger alleviating program that is designed to go into regions of the world that have chronic hunger problems that we know in advance. And USAID prides themselves on being able to tell where there is going to be a crop failure, or where there is going to be a need for food years in advance of when it actually happens. So the idea that we aren't efficient enough, or we can't get food fast enough, well, I would not agree with that statement, but it underlines an attempt to change what the purpose of P.L. 83-480 is, away from a long-term sustained program to alleviate world hunger, and into a disaster program that simply reacts to problems around the world. We have programs like that. We have an international disaster assistance account. We have other programs that are focused on emergencies. P.L. 83-480 is the only program that attacks systemic ongoing hunger, and that is why these programs needs to survive, and they need to thrive, and we can't do that if we are constantly fighting with each other over a continued limited amount of appropriations.    Mr. Schoeneman. Absolutely. I think Captain Murray's point here is valid. When we don't have ships sailing, and we don't have jobs available for our members, that has a real impact on their credentials and their ability to remain actively serving in the Merchant Marine. Under the standards, basically the convention on standards, the STCW is what we call it, essentially those rules require strict amounts of time at sea in order to maintain, and to continue to maintain, for officers, their licenses, for my own licensed members, all of their endorsements. They have to be able to be working in order to do that. When they are not working, they are losing that time, and that has a real impact on their ability to maintain their professional credentials in the industry.    The SIU, along with all of the major maritime unions, we have training programs for our members. We have an unlicensed apprentice program that brings in folks who aren't familiar with the industry and gets them trained up and ready, and guarantees them their first job, and that is about a year long process. And we do that every year, and then all of the other maritime unions also have training programs and upgrading programs for their members as well. Training is a critical thing that we provide to our membership, which is one of the reasons why we have such high union density in maritime.    Mr. Schoeneman. That is the problem.    Mr. Schoeneman. That is the problem, Mr. Chairman. Right now the enforcement mechanisms just aren't there. There is the ability, under the new law that was passed, I guess it was 2008 now, that would allow MARAD to charge a $25,000 fine a day for folks who violate cargo preference, but those regulations haven't been issued. And the joke we have internally, and we always talk about this, there is no cargo preference jail. We can't put somebody in cargo preference jail because they violated the law.    Mr. Schoeneman. Nothing.    Mr. Shapiro.--it goes on a U.S.-flag vessel, or a foreign flag vessel, or split between the two. But what the process, I am trying to point out, does, it allows people with no experience, no money, to basically speculate on the U.S. Government's foreign carriage side without having any stake in the game. And we are competing as Americans, where we are subject to a whole set of rules, including the fact that we own or control the vessel. Chip knows this, we have discussed it. It is another area that needs to be addressed.    Mr. Schoeneman. And a follow-up on what Mr. Shapiro said, the other thing we like to remind everybody, the 50 percent requirement, that is a minimum, it is not a maximum. USAID and USDA are more than welcome to put more than 50 percent of their food aid cargo on American-flag ships, and we would encourage them to do that. There is nothing in the law that says that they can't do that. The issue there is simply that they are trying to get the most bang for their buck, and they would rather, and, frankly, some of the folks up here that have been working with them, would rather that there be no cargo preference at all, because then they could feed more people----    Mr. Schoeneman. That is exactly right. And the problem for us is I would much rather come up here hand in glove with USAID and the rest and try to fight for a larger appropriation for the P.L. 83-480 program, because it has such an important impact not just on American security, but also on international security. But, instead, we are spending all of our time fighting over numbers that have been reducing and dropping over the years.    Mr. Schoeneman. Mr. Garamendi, you get us the jobs, we will fill them.    Mr. Schoeneman. Absolutely. I mean, there was a great article in The New York Times in July of 2015. The headline was, Stowaways and Crimes Aboard a Scofflaw Ship. It was written by a guy named Ian Urbana. It was great. Essentially it demonstrated that the reason why the U.S. has trouble competing internationally is we play by the rules. We actually follow the law, and we hold ourselves accountable when we make mistakes. The rest of the world does not do that. And, unfortunately, as a result of playing by the rules, we sometimes end up competing internationally with one hand tied behind our back.    There are minimum standards in the international fleet, both in the United States and globally, that the International Maritime Organization and others put forward that are supposed to govern everybody uniformly, and some countries don't follow them as well as we do. And that, unfortunately, puts us at a competitive disadvantage.    Mr. Schoeneman. The bottom line is, we follow the rules.    Mr. Schoeneman. I wish I had a crystal ball----    Mr. Schoeneman. Look, bottom line, just to follow up on what Mr. Shapiro and Captain Murray said, we have to get MSP to $5 million a ship, period. That has to happen. I mean, the fact is we do not; frankly, not only do we have to get it to $5 million a ship, we have to make sure that that appropriation is solid. Every single year all of us up here, and the folks behind you, we go up on the Hill, and we pound the pavement, and we tell everybody we absolutely need this money, and it is getting harder, and harder, and harder to make that case, particularly given the tough budget environments we are in.    But the second thing, obviously cargo is critical. Cargo for a ship is like an engine in a car. If there is no cargo, it is not moving. And if it is not moving, my guys don't have jobs, and these guys aren't making any money. So, at the end of the day, we have to find, as Mr. Garamendi pointed out, we have to find new and outside of the box thinking, try to get us some additional cargo sources that will make it possible for us to carry things into the future.    One last thing, I want to point something out on the in-kind food aid versus the cash issue. Go and read this GAO report from August. It is unbelievable the stuff that is happening right now that we are letting happen. Philip pointed this out to a certain extent in his comments with the overhead imagery. GAO report, we are handing out envelopes of cash to crowds of people in Syria. There is no way to know where that is going. There is no way to make sure that that is accountable and being spent on food. It could be spent on anything, and I don't even have to tell you what it could have been spent on, because you guys are thinking like I am.    They are talking about areas in Africa with USAID programs that have not seen a USAID person on the ground in over a year. They are viewing these work programs with satellite imagery. Really? The bottom line is we all need to work together, but the best way to make sure that someone is fed is to put some food in their hand. And we have been doing that for the last 60 years, and we absolutely need to keep doing that well into the future. We can't allow any of these misguided notions of efficiency, or folks that are constantly trying to find ways to scrimp and save, and squeeze that extra dollar, to really take food out of the hands of people, which is what is happening right now.