    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to join the chorus of support for H.R. 2209. I thank Mrs. Maloney for her work on this legislation. I want to thank both Chairman Neugebauer and Chairman Hensarling for their willingness to bring this bill forward. Others have talked about it, so I won't repeat the statements made by others, but the bill is aimed at this remarkable situation that we have where Federal banking regulators have excluded all American municipal bonds from being treated as high-quality liquid assets under the LCR rule, creating the remarkable situation where not only corporate bonds, but certain foreign subsovereign bonds qualify for liquid assets when American municipal bonds don't qualify.    By the way, I should apologize for my voice. I was part of the 12th man at the Colts-Patriots game this week. We are proud of our Colts, and obviously disappointed in the outcome.    That approach, as others have testified, doesn't make any sense. These are great assets. They are among the safest investments in the world. They are often not traded because people want to keep them once they invest in them, but they are highly liquid in the sense that in times of financial crisis, folks can flip them, if needed, as others have also testified, by discouraging these bonds from being treated in the way that reflects their true value. It drives up the cost of borrowing, which doesn't make any sense.    I want to direct my question to Mr. Kupiec and potentially Mr. Ireland, not to go over what others have said, but maybe to make sure we get it on the record. Do you see any reason why these assets should be discounted or why the Fed, for example, should--because, as you know, the Fed has come up with this rather Byzantine way of looking at it--do you see any reason why those assets should be discounted or should they be treated as face value?    Mr. Messer. I appreciate that advice and I will actually try to work with the committee and Mrs. Maloney to see if we can include that.    I will get back to Mr. Ireland in just a second. I want to just follow up with Mr. Kupiec very quickly. Could you comment just for a second about the problem with the Fed, the OCC, and the FDIC having different approaches to these kinds of bonds?    Mr. Messer. Mr. Ireland, do you have anything else to add?    Mr. Messer. Thank you. I yield back.