    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, Mr. Chair, North Carolina. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. ADAMS. That is all right. That is all right.    Ms. ADAMS. I grew up in that area a little bit.    Ms. ADAMS. But yes, I claim North Carolina as home.    Let me thank the ranking member as well, Member Velazquez, and gentlemen, for your testimony.    Mr. Messinger, thank you for being here. And thank you for representing some of the finest companies that we have in North Carolina, particularly in the 12th District, which I represent. And I am proud to highlight North Carolina's best.    But as we look to improve federal international trade programs to meet the needs of small business exports, can you offer any advice as to what sort of financial and counseling resources would better enable small business to begin exporting and help existing small business exporters grow internationally?    Ms. ADAMS. All right. Thank you.    An ongoing discussion we have here on the Hill is whether or not to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. And while many other countries have similar government export financing institutions, many of my colleagues cannot agree on whether to reauthorize Export-Import, or under what condition to reauthorize it. So can you speak to the significance of having small businesses effectively compete within the international markets and the importance of federal guarantees in supporting our small businesses internationally?    Ms. ADAMS. Okay. My last question is for Mr. Messinger, for you as well as Mr. Stanek.    As Congress analyzes the arguments for and against TPP, and in the very near future the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, better known as TTIP, it might be useful to go beyond the broad point of the potential to increase market access for the U.S. exports and ask the question, ``market access for who?'' What are the potential share of trade benefits or challenges that could accrue to small and medium-sized business, and also, what about minority-owned businesses as well?    Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Stanek?    Ms. ADAMS. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.