    Mr. Cheng. Chairman Babin, Ranking Member Edwards, Chairman Smith, distinguished Members of the Committee, my name is Dean Cheng. I'm the Senior Research Fellow for Chinese Political and Security Affairs at the Heritage Foundation but I'd like to emphasize that my comments today are my own.    Directly to the point of whether or not there is a space race underway between the United States and China, I would like to suggest that there is not a space race per se but rather that there is a race between the United States and China on multiple different aspects and fronts, political, diplomatic, security, all of which have a space component, and that is the Chinese perspective because the Chinese view space as being an essential part of the larger effort to raise China's comprehensive national power.    Comprehensive national power is how the Chinese basically look at various countries including themselves, how they rank with each other how capable they are. It includes economic, diplomatic, political, cultural, science and technology, as well as military aspects, and from the Chinese perspective, space development contributes to every one of those elements of comprehensive national power.    With regards to the economy, space is seen as a pivotal technology. Because it is so dense, as the Chinese put it, in science and technology, in high technology, because it touches on such aspects as advanced materials, telecommunications, computing, and above all, systems engineering and systems integration. The Chinese see an advancing space capability that's almost like a locomotive that will pull along other parts of the Chinese economy. The space workforce in particular is seen as building expertise in key areas including systems integration, and we have seen key leaders in China's space industry transfer to areas such as the Commercial Aircraft Corporation, China's effort to build their own wide-bodied aircraft in the belief that their experience in the space sector can be translated into building Chinese challengers to Boeing and Airbus.    We also see this in terms of the Chinese folks on indigenous innovation. The perception is that China's ability to field a full-blown space program will spark innovation in other areas, other key subtechnologies.    In addition, of course, we also see the Chinese using space in terms of their political efforts, and this is both domestic and foreign relations. Space is a source of prestige, and prestige in this case supports both the legitimacy of the Chinese Communist Party but also the prestige of the People's Republic of China. For example, space achievements are often described as CCP achievements, and so China's space program, which grew out of the so-called two bombs, one satellite program, not only is a reflection of the relationship the Chinese view space with regards to key strategic weapons but also as a means again of promoting innovation. We also see the expectation that economic development through space will basically again help spark a revival of the Chinese economy, which right now seems to be slowing down.    With regards to foreign relations, again, we see space being used as a key diplomatic tool in both the bilateral and the multilateral aspects, bilaterally, in terms of sales of satellites to such states as Venezuela, Bolivia, Bangladesh, Pakistan, all of whom are key sources of raw materials that help power the Chinese economy, but also at the multilateral level, again such as the Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization, which brings in Thailand, Malaysia, Mongolia. These are not major space powers per se, but they are key neighbors of the People's Republic of China, and they are using APSCO as a diplomatic tool.    Of course, it is implicit that the ability to maintain space-based surveillance and to put payloads into orbit obviously affects Taiwan, obviously affects Japan. I would also suggest to the Committee that when, not if, the Chinese are able to go to the Moon, first with a robotic lander on the far side, to think about how you will communicate with something on the far side of the Moon. In order to do that, it will require the establishment of a lunar satellite, satellites that will orbit the Moon. The implications for military and security aspects are self-evident. But also, the day that the Chinese land a human being on the Moon will be an enormous impact on the United States because how often have we heard we've gone to the Moon, why haven't we, you know, solved the common cold, why haven't we solved traffic problems in downtown DC. The reality is that the day the Chinese are able to do the same thing is the day that American uniqueness will be openly challenged and Chinese prestige will be put on the same level as that of the United States.    Thank you very much, members of the Committee, for your time.    Mr. Cheng. Sir, to begin with, it should be noted that the previous head of the European Space Agency opined that it would be very delighted to work with China on manned space literally within a week of the Chinese ASAT test in 2007, widely considered to be the single worst regenerating event in space. So I think it is safe to say that the current head of the European Space Agency apparently is continuing a policy of basically being open to Chinese behavior, cooperating with China regardless of Chinese behavior. I would suggest that the idea that we do not need to lead in the process of going to the Moon is consisting with a leading-from-behind philosophy that this Administration has enunciated with regards to terrestrial objectives as well.    But I would also emphasize here, sir, that the most important consideration is that China has been attempting to push the limits of its sovereignty into international common spaces. As I said in my spoken testimony, Chinese behavior is not about space, it is about terrestrial, but what we see in the oceans, what we see in outer space, what we see in cyberspace is China pushing its position into all of these international spaces, and if the United States does not lead, we will find ourselves operating in the Chinese framework.    Mr. Cheng. Yes, sir, I believe you did.    Mr. Cheng. Sir, politics is as much about perception as it is about reality, and in this context here, the People's Republic of China has mastery of how to present itself as winning, and the issue isn't necessarily to the good folks in your district. The problem is how we are perceived in the context of an international competition, whether it is conflictual or not, and whether or not we are seen as winning, and in that regard, a China that scores what is touted by a state-run media as winning that falls on receptive ears in Africa, in South America, in Southeast Asia, in East Asia winds up creating a situation that works against our interests.    Mr. Cheng. Representative, obviously it's going to be a little bit difficult to build artificial islands in space but I think that what we should expect to see is the Chinese attempting to redefine the international rules to new sets that will basically benefit the Chinese. There have been comments about, for example, the requirement that foreign aircraft and ships should turn off their radars when operating in China's claimed waters. It would not be surprising if there was a comparable effort to basically say to operators of space-based surveillance systems, you turn them on over China at your own risk.    Mr. Cheng. One of the great areas of American strength is our private sector, and we are seeing with folks like SpaceX and Blue Horizon an interesting revival of the private sector's interest in space. Where they are likely to go in terms of innovation I suspect is something the Chinese are desperately afraid of because they understand that companies are more flexible and can often be driven harder because of the vision of their directors. At the same time, as a result, one suspects that the Chinese are likely to therefore try and, quote, unquote, partner with our private sector or simply buy, you know, controlling interests in stock and the like. In that regard, I think that one of the areas that we need to be wary of is quote, unquote, collaboration between Chinese state-owned enterprises and our private sector.    Mr. Cheng. Representative, leadership is a matter of not simply saying we are going to head in a particular direction but being able to persuade others to join us, and as my fellow panelists have also pointed out, other nations do want to join us. It does entail, however, having a vision, having an objective, having a target, and having the persistence, which is the one great advantage the Chinese have. Their manned space program dates back at least to the late 1980s and it has enjoyed consistent top-level support through multiple changes of leadership. Whether or not we have that persistence is something the Chinese are looking at but also our allies, and so I would hope that the SOFIA program and other programs will be the start, not the end of that kind of cooperation.    Let me also just note very quickly that we are the main explorer of the outer solar system. We have sent more, I believe, probes out beyond Mars than any other nation or even a group of nations combined, and that too is an area that could be one of leadership and encouraging cooperation with our friends and allies.    Mr. Cheng. In the 1960s, China under Mao Zedong basically said that in order to be a competitive major power, China first off needed to develop nuclear weapons, and in fact, there's all sorts of rather breathtaking language by Mao about how the Chinese people will eat grass if necessary. But what that led to was in 1964 on its own without external assistance, China exploded its first atomic bomb. In 1967, it exploded its first hydrogen, or fusion bomb, and in 1970 it launched its first satellite, the Dong Fang Hong I, two bombs, one satellite. It is now embodied in Chinese terminology as evidence of two things: one, how far China is prepared to go in order to achieve strategic objectives, and two, the self-reliance. Now, self-reliance doesn't mean that you don't do cyber espionage and other things but it does mean that at the end of the day, China sets goals and they will achieve them.