    Dr. LaPlante. Thank you, Chairman Forbes, and thank you, Ranking Member Courtney, and the rest of the distinguished ladies and gentlemen of the committee. I appreciate the work you do and support you give us in the Pentagon and to the warfighter. And what you do is very important. And we hope we can answer all your questions and have a good discussion today.    General Holmes and I both have a joint prepared statement that we submitted for the record. I am not going to go through that statement here. I will just make a few remarks and then turn it over to General Holmes. I will start by saying that, you know, the challenge we have in our jobs in an acquisition and programming strategy is quite simple. It is that we have got these two competing problems. We have modernization, that is, that is the airplanes, in your case, the mobility airplanes, the bombers, that we are using today, and literally using in the fight today. And the pilots flying these airplanes are flying airplanes that are older than they are and keeping that going. At the same time, we have to modernize for the future.    Those two are linked, of course, because if we mess up the modernization, then we just put more at risk, those pilots flying those airplanes. So that is our challenge is between those two things. And our job every day, General Holmes and I, the Chief, the Secretary, our whole team, is keeping that all together, keeping it together with a strategy. Oh, and by the way, in a budget that is, to say the least, very, very challenging. So all our discussions we have is about the trades between those two categories, and then making sure that we keep the modernization programs, the KC-46, the next tanker, the next bomber, that we keep those programs on track and don't lose our eye on the ball while we keep the modernization going. And it is a difficult trade, but that is what--what we are here to talk to you about. I look forward to your questions.    I will just stop at this point and then let General Holmes give his remarks.    Dr. LaPlante. Well, in general, in sustainability, what we are recognizing even more so is that, in fact, a lot of the money we can save in acquisition is actually in the sustainment part. So we are keenly, keenly interested in that. The B-2 case, you know, we continue to have the program to bring--do cost-effective maintenance of the airplane, particularly in the, for lack of a better word, the materials area, and you know what I am talking about. So that is a very important program for the B-2, because in fact, one of the biggest contributions to the availability challenge is for that airplane is maintenance of that--those materials. That is actually something that is going in the right direction. The availability of that airplane is actually getting better because of that work, so that I would call out that specific initiative, and I think it is very important.    The other thing that we are doing, as you indicate, is we are modernizing the B-2. An important program for the B-2, and I would like this committee to recognize this, is a program that is really a defensive military systems program, DMS is the acronym, but the thing what it does is that B-2, we think of it as an advanced weapons system, which it is, but in fact, if we don't do DMS, it is not going to be--have the capabilities to operate in a modern contested environment. We have to do that program. It is funded, as General Holmes said. So those are two things I would call out, but you know, the B-2 is a very, very important program.    Dr. LaPlante. I don't have an update on that specific program. Do you?    General Holmes. No, ma'am, I don't. I know we are pursuing about 20 projects that help us manage the signature and the parts supply and that help us increase the availability rate on the airplane, but we will have to respond to you----    Dr. LaPlante. Be happy to look into that and get back to you on that.    Dr. LaPlante. Let me answer the last point first. The effects of sequestration on all these programs is there. We in the Air Force have done our best, and so far we have been successful. Even in the sequester years that we have had, we protected, for the most part, F-35, the tanker, KC-46A, and LRS-B. We will continue to do it, but I will say this: I think the sequester happens, a lot of these programs, once again, are going to be put under tremendous stress. The munitions programs will be put under tremendous stress. But we try our best to protect those big three, but we can't promise that they will be protected.    Let me get at some of the other parts of the LRS-B. The one question that you asked essentially was in the development, we are in the development, or about ready to start the development part of that program, are we going to go for a fixed price development program like the tanker, or not? I think the short answer is, and now I am going to talk generically in acquisition theory, if you can bear with me. The theory behind when you do fixed price and say development versus cost plus, which is kind of the classic thing, tends to come down to how confident are you in the technologies you are developing, and it--fundamentally, you are cost estimating on those technologies. To be very simple, if you are developing something that is very cutting edge, it is very hard to estimate how much it is going to cost because you are actually developing something cutting edge. That is why we tend to go cost plus.    If you are developing something that is based heavily on, say, a commercial item, something we have high confidence that we know how much it should cost, then we feel much more comfortable going to fixed price development. Now, here is why it matters. If you are in a fixed price contract, it is really important to have a good estimate of what you think it is going to cost. If you get--if you are wrong on that, let's say you are wrong 50 percent one way or the other, somebody is going to really get hurt, right? If you are wrong, if the contractor ends up 50 percent over in a fixed price, they are very hurt, they may not survive. The program may not survive. The opposite, we would get rightfully criticized to say why are you giving a windfall buying something for twice the price that it cost.    So you really want to have a good idea on the cost estimate in development. So the question then comes down to, for KC-46, the government made a decision that said, look, this is based as much on a 767. We think we have a pretty good idea on what the cost estimate should be. We are going to go a little--we are going to do a fixed price. That is not--it is actually unusual. Most development programs are cost plus. Okay. My belief on the LRS-B is it is going to be more traditional in the sense that we are doing a little bit more cutting edge. It is not based upon a commercial item, and so I think more likely it is going to be in the cost plus regime.    But here is the important point. You brought up the $550 million number, and there has been some in the press on this. I would like just to make a couple of points on this. The first thing is, there's been a lot of studies on why acquisition goes wrong. What they constantly come down to are some very much fundamental principles you have to do at the beginning to do it right. The first is you have to fix your requirements, understand the requirements and fix them, don't change your requirements, number one. Number two, it has often been said why isn't cost built in as a requirement when you start a program? Why do we always say, well, maybe we will have a target? Number three, what we also see when programs don't do well, is we typically try to put too much into the program, and the program usually gets slid to the right, more then gets put in, and you end up in this circle.    So what we have done with our LRS-B--and it wasn't me or General Holmes, it was our predecessors--back in 2010, they set the program up to exactly address all of those issues. Number one, they said we are going to make the cost a requirement. We are going to make the cost a requirement. We are going to pick a number after analysis, $550 million, the document was signed in 2010, that is why it is 2010 dollars, and people say, well, you didn't take into account inflation. You can go to the Internet, run an inflation calculator and find out that $55 in 2010 is $57 or $58 today, so we know that. But we put it in as a requirement. To build 100 airplanes, it is going to cost $550 million. What that does is, that drives the design. Industry has to design to that number, and we are going to assess against that number. That is why we did it.    And the second thing is we are building an adaptable architecture as well to address some of these other issues. And final point, we have not changed the requirement on it.    Dr. LaPlante. Yes.    Dr. LaPlante. As far as I know.    Dr. LaPlante. 2012 they were not.    Dr. LaPlante. Not in 2013 or 2014 either.    Dr. LaPlante. That is correct.    Dr. LaPlante. Or 2014.    Dr. LaPlante. That is correct.    Dr. LaPlante. That is correct.    Dr. LaPlante. Well, with the--I believe----    Dr. LaPlante. With----    Dr. LaPlante. Oh, yes. Our plan is--if we get the approval, our plan is to take the money that has been obligated that we have and obligate it by the end of this fiscal year.    Dr. LaPlante. Our plan is to do it towards the compliance items that General Holmes described.    Dr. LaPlante. We all have seen that language, yes.    Dr. LaPlante. Yes.    Dr. LaPlante. We are not--I think as I said, we are going to obligate those funds towards the compliance items that General Holmes described.    Dr. LaPlante. We have a different--we have different interpretations of what that language means.    Dr. LaPlante. Right.    Dr. LaPlante. Correct.    Dr. LaPlante. Yes, and Congressman, let me make sure I am understanding. I think--I think we are doing exactly what you are saying. We are--we are using the money for this--CT--ATM/CNS, we are using it for the ADS-B Out and the radios as General----    Dr. LaPlante. It is going to be that money, yes.    Dr. LaPlante. I am not sure what that means, but--well, I am not sure what the--maybe we are doing exactly what you are saying. We are taking that money and we are going to buy those items.    Dr. LaPlante. Yeah. And Representative, we hear you. I just want to make sure that we have to do what our legal experts read the law tell us we can do and so----    Dr. LaPlante. Well, I am not a lawyer, but yes.