    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Ms. Pallante, it's good to have you here again. I want to pick up where the Ranking Member left off because I think it's very important. When you came into office, as you know, I was extremely pleased. You talked in terms of things that must get accomplished. But today's hearing brings us a lot of information about studies in which you want to do more studies. And you already are a fairly independent agency, in spite of your lack of certainty in certain areas. How do we get you from studying to proposing? And how do we get you from proposing to doing?    Mr. Issa. No, I'm talking about in your organization. I'm not talking about your affecting--because you've been very good, and your predecessor was, in telling us what we ought to do in copyright law. And I appreciate that. But I looked to the Constitution before I came in. And I'm okay with our role.    What is it going to take for you to come from studies to real, concrete proposals, dollars and cents, ``this is what we need''? Look, you're the chief executive of an agency. Once the laws are set--and they are currently set--when you fail to perform, you have two choices, as a member of your board, so to speak, you have two choices: Come to us and tell us you don't have a solution or come to us and tell us you do have a solution. You've come to us with studies. My question today--and I'm not trying to be in any way the bad guy here. I support you. I thought you started well, but now I'm beginning to see, after 3 years, a pattern of we have these studies and we want more studies. When are we going to see, beyond your desire to be an independent agency and have that codified, when are we going to see solid proposals not on what we do but on what you can do or what you cannot do?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Let me read you back your own words because I think you've given us a lot of what I asked for: One, you don't have enough money to update the Copyright Office to the level that the IT system needs; two, you don't have internal expertise to update the Copyright Office to that level; and, three, the Librarian is not going to give it to you, nor do they have it. Is that pretty close?    Mr. Issa. I left that part out.    Mr. Issa. I left that part out because if I understand correctly, you need more money and you need a working IT system and you lack the expertise in-house and you believe that it does not exist within the Library system.    Mr. Issa. So the request here today--and I know my time is expiring, Mr. Chairman--the request I see here today, the solid proposal that I want to go away from this with is: One, you need more money; two, you need an IT system that works; and, three, we have to figure out how we structure your getting that IT system that works, either, A, making sure the Library has it, or, B, finding an agency or a structure that would cause you to do so. Is that correct?    Mr. Issa. No, no, I understand that. I understand that you are looking at a structural IT system that meets your needs.    Mr. Issa. I cannot presume today that we would do anything except find a way to work it under the current structure, albeit, independent of the Librarian's needs. So, given that, that is what you're asking for?    Mr. Issa. Mr. Chairman, I have a hundred more questions. But that is the best answer that I could possibly hope for on one of the root problems that we have in having the Copyright Office meet the 21st century needs. And I thank you for your indulgence. Thank you.