    Mr. CONAWAY. I want to thank the chairman. I want to thank Chairman Ryan and Chairman Boustany and the Ways and Means Committee for hosting the first joint hearing between our two committees as we explore how our welfare system can discourage work. It is surprising that our committees have not engaged formally before given the overlap in our recipient populations.    According to the most recent SNAP characteristics report, 20 percent of SNAP recipients receive Supplemental Security Income, 24 percent receive some form of Social Security income, 9 percent receive child support enforcement payments, 7 percent receive support from TANF, and 4 percent receive unemployment income.    While today's hearing is about work, the level of overlap suggests this is only the beginning of our efforts to better coordinate programs across the committee jurisdictions. Throughout our top-to-bottom review of the past, present, and future of SNAP, we have had an eye towards strengthening the program so that it doesn't become a trap, but rather a tool to help individuals move up the economic ladder.    We have included a number of former recipients and front-line, nongovernmental organizations who we now know are succeeding despite our welfare system.    Our hearing series have shown us that SNAP does not operate in a vacuum and that it plays an important role in the lives of nearly 46 million Americans. This is why the hearings like today are important: Recipients don't think in terms of program. But while we do, it is our responsibility to look beyond our programs to understand the experience of the recipients and the potential unintended consequences.    During our last hearing, we heard from practitioners about how they engage individuals to help them succeed in the workforce. We quickly encountered the reality of the ``cliff effect'' when programs designed to support work do just the opposite.    There is great dignity that comes from being able to provide financially for one's own family, but that feeling can easily be overrun when our welfare system creates a situation where earnings do not necessarily translate into higher income. This is not a problem that can be addressed by SNAP alone. It is going to take a coordinated effort.    Thank you again for hosting this important joint hearing. I look forward to working with Chairman Ryan, Chairman Boustany, and your committee to ensure that our welfare system is prepared to address current and future challenges.    We know that work is the best way to help individuals climb the economic ladder, and we must ensure that our policies reward that work. I look forward to the hearing, and I yield back.