    Mr. Groen. You have done it very well.    Mr. Groen. Chairman Franks, honorable Members, thank you for the opportunity to be here and to provide testimony to you on this important subject.    My name is John Groen. I am an attorney with Pacific Legal Foundation, as you know, a nonprofit public interest law firm, but my background really is as a litigator. I'm an attorney that works in the trenches, arguing these cases.    Justice Ginsburg wrote a few years ago in the Arkansas Fish and Game case that there is ``nearly an infinite variety of ways'' that government interference can result in a taking. Whether we're dealing with wetlands regulation under the Clean Water Act or spotted owl protection under the Endangered Species Act or conversion of abandoned rail lines into public hiking trails under Rails-to-Trails, all of those scenarios and so many more all impact thousands of property owners in an infinite variety of ways. And the result is that takings claims are not going away.    And this is not because those laws or other laws of local and State governments are bad policy, but it's because we cannot overlook what Justice Holmes reminded us, that we cannot achieve the public good through a shorter cut than the constitutional way of paying for the change. That's what it is about. That is why the Takings Clause is there, to provide that balance of protection between the power of government and the need to protect individual rights and property. And so the Takings Clause and your focus on it is critical.    I have been asked to address issues other than Kelo, and in my paper I get into a variety of issues dealing with regulatory takings. And I'm going to focus on one in particular, and that is what we call the relevant parcel issue.    In takings law, and I've given you a brief background in my materials, there's a number of tests that are applied by lawyers and courts, and ultimately we are primarily dealing with what we call the Penn Central multifactor takings analysis. Basically, the attorneys on both sides will marshal all of the facts that they can, all the relevant circumstances, the factors that are discussed by the U.S. Supreme Court, marshal those together and try to show how in fairness and justice the burden of that regulation should be borne by the public as a whole.    And I appreciated the quotation from Chairman Goodlatte from Armstrong v. United States that it is about this shift in the burden. That is what the Takings Clause is meant to protect. Who should bear that burden, the individual, or is it something that in fairness and justice ought to be borne by the public as a whole? That's the whole Penn Central claim. We also have the Lucas style claim, a categorical taking, where there is a denial of all economically viable use, and you go in a court, you try to prove that up.    Well, in both of those scenarios what is happening is you have to analyze the economic impact of the governmental interference. So the question is, well, what property interests do you measure the private loss against? And the answer that is always provided is, well, you measure it against the parcel as a whole. And that simply begs the question, what is the parcel as a whole?    The Supreme Court has not answered that question, and the lower courts are in disarray. The Supreme Court has made it clear that the rhetorical force of that language is less precise than its application.    So let me tell you about a family in Wisconsin. This is the Murr family. And I provide some detail in my materials. But basically, in 1960 the parents bought a parcel on the St. Croix River, and this was a subdivision, over an acre, they built a cabin. They liked it so much, the family had such a good time, they bought another parcel right next door and they hung onto it for investment purposes.    In the 1970's the regulations changed, and while all the other parcels have been developed, they still had their vacant parcel. But now, under the new regulations, that parcel is considered substandard. There is still a half-acre available for development, but under the new regulations there has to be a full acre available for development and that's not allowed under these regulations.    So what has happened? They applied for their permits, they were denied, brought their suit for a takings claim, and the Wisconsin Supreme Court has now ruled that because the Murrs own two parcels, side by side, they have common ownership, the parcel as a whole must be both parcels, rather than the two separate, discrete parcels, each bought as regular subdivision lots. The Wisconsin court said that there is a rule that a contiguous property owner under common ownership is considered as a whole, regardless of the number of parcels contained.    That strikes right at the concept of fairness and justice. And Pacific Legal Foundation is trying to get that case before the United States Supreme Court in a petition in August and to propose the rule that I provided in the materials from John Fee on how to address this parcel as a whole concept, which destroys many valid regulatory takings claims.    Thank you.    Mr. Groen. Thank you for the question.    The answer from my perspective is very simple: The Takings Clause and the enforcement of it by landowners does not in any way impede the ability of government to function and to make policy choices with regulation.    What it does require is that the cost of those regulations not be borne exclusively by the people who are subject to them. When there are situations where the Armstrong principal that we discussed, in fairness and justice those burdens should be borne by the public as a whole.    And so the Takings Clause and the constitutional command of just compensation does not preclude government from acting, but what it does do is require the payment of compensation when that action is so severe on impacting private owners that the result is a taking. That does not limit government, but it conditions the exercise of the governmental power by the constitutional balance of the Just Compensation Clause.    Mr. Groen. The principle sources of funding?    Mr. Groen. Primarily from individuals.    Mr. Groen. I have no idea.    Mr. Groen. I do not.    Mr. Groen. I have no idea.    Mr. Groen. Well, when you say these decisions, I'm not sure what you're talking about. Certainly there is regulation that takes place at the local level, State level, and at the Federal level, all of which impact property owners.    The key is that we have a Constitution that governs all levels of government, and it is important and necessary in our system that that constitutional provision be properly enforced. And that's the focus that I'm coming from.    Mr. Groen. I cannot. From my experience, it is a very unique situation where the Williamson County decision forces people with Federal takings claims to bring their cases in State courts.    We're working on that right now, there's a case heading to the Fourth Circuit called Perfect Puppy v. City of Rochester, to try and make inroads on that doctrine. I discuss that briefly in my materials.    The only other situation that I can think of also involves the Takings Clause, and that is the Court of Federal Claims requires that if you're bringing a takings case against the United States Government for over $10,000, you cannot bring it in Federal district court, you bring it in the Court of Federal Claims, which does not have article III judges with life tenure and security of no diminution in pay. And so that is the only other situation, and again, it is a Takings Clause situation.    The Federal constitutional protection of citizens' rights and property, the Federal courthouse doors should be open for them to litigate in their communities, in their Federal district court.    Mr. Groen. I think the easier solution is that the public use requirement is limited to ownership controlled by the Federal Government. What was particularly disturbing about the Kelo decision is the transfer of title to a private entity, from one private person to another private person, and that is an appropriate place for drawing the line. Otherwise, public use can be read fairly extensively, but not to the point of transferring property from private person to another private person.    Mr. Groen. Well, I think that there is certainly some uncertainty for property owners. With respect to the Wisconsin example that I mentioned in the paper, that is not so much a public use issue as it is a problem with the combination of separate and discrete parcels where there is a longstanding history, as you mention, where individuals do have an expectation that they will be able to use each of those separate and discrete parcels and not have them forced to be merged together by government regulation and be declared as a parcel as a whole for the purpose of eliminating their right to compensation.    Mr. Groen. None that I'm aware of. As I mentioned earlier, the only other situation is where litigants suing for over $10,000 for a taking are forced to the Court of Federal Claims, and that raises an article III question.    This situation for parties being forced into State court is a result of the 1985 Williamson County decision by the Supreme Court, and that is simply a requirement that has to change. And we're working on that through litigation, but it's been since 1985, and we're still working on it. Help from Congress is always welcomed.    Mr. Groen. I'm really glad you asked me that, because Professor Echeverria cited to the Mahon case Justice Holmes, where he did say that if the government had to pay for every change in the law it could hardly go on. But he continued in that case and said, ah, but if regulation goes too far, then it is a taking and we have to obey the constitutional command of compensation. It is a balance.    The Takings Clause--not every interference with property rights is going to be a taking. It simply isn't. And government has vast room to regulate and diminish property values without becoming a taking. But when it crosses that line, when it goes too far, it is the duty of the courts to obey the command of just compensation, and that is where the difficulty has been in the regulatory takings arena.    We have made a lot of progress, but as interference continues and grows through ever-increasing regulations, we continue to have to litigate these cases and have a vigorous defense of the Takings Clause.    Mr. Groen. Your question reminds me of what Justice Holmes talked about in Pennsylvania v. Mahon in 1922. He recognized that when you're dealing with the police power, the power of government to regulate, he said the natural tendency is for there to be more and more and more regulation until at last--and he was in the context of property--until at last private property disappears. That's the natural tendency.    The barrier to stop that is the Constitution. And so I think you're right, that natural tendency we see playing out in all kinds of rights.    The other aspect that I would emphasize is we talk about property rights, but it was pointed out by Justice Stewart that property does not have rights. People have rights.    Mr. Groen. And the right to enjoy property.    Mr. Groen. As well as all your other civil rights. They're interrelated. And if you eliminate rights in property, then you threaten all your other liberties as well. That is the big picture that I think is at stake. We see it played out in property rights, but if that natural tendency is allowed to grow more and more and you don't have the police power balanced by the constitutional protection, then our rights disappear.