    Mr. Sutton. Chairman Fleming, Ranking Member Huffman, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to speak today. Again, my name is Jeff Sutton. I am General Manager of the Tehama-Colusa Canal Authority.    I represent 17 water districts through 4 counties on the west side of the Sacramento Valley. We have a 140-mile canal system serving a variety of crops, about 1,000 family farms.    This California drought, everyone has suffered, communities have suffered, the environment has suffered, the fish have suffered, and the farmers have suffered. It has been a rough time. And let me tell you, this is an area that I am very passionate about. My family farming operation that I am involved in goes back to the 1870s. I am fifth generation and my son is number six, so we have been there a long time working for something we are proud of. A lot of our communities are a church, a Ford dealership, a John Deere dealership, and a fertilizer store. These are family farms that are proud of what they do, and finding ourselves kind of being defensive for the folks that provide the water that feeds our country and the Nation. It is just a strange place to be to see our farmers vilified in recent times. We believe we provide a lot to the country and the world.    The recent drought--2008 and 2009 were tough years. We had a couple good years between then, but 2014 and 2015 were extremely hard. For the Tehama-Colusa Canal Authority Service Area, we are those junior water right holders. We are CVP water service contracts, all 17 districts. We had zero percent allocation for 2 straight years. During that time, we fallowed upwards of 70,000 acres. We had to go through amazing gymnastics to prevent the destruction of permanent crops that could not be fallowed through some of those water transfers that, by the way, when we do those water transfers, we have to work with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, because if the water cannot be delivered, a lot of land was put out because of the lack of ability to deliver. But if you want to transfer some from a senior water right holder, you have to jump through a lot of hoops and regulatory issues, CEQA, NEPA, to deal with the fact that you are going to fallow lands that have endangered giant garter snakes on them. And that is another species that is harmed by some of those actions that we are talking about today that are not even really analyzed in the scheme of this entire regulatory regimen. So, those are challenges that we have to work together to get through.    2015 came along--did it solve the problem? No. Congressman Huffman, is the drought completely over? No. But I will tell you, reading the Sacramento Bee flying in yesterday, Shasta Reservoir, that most of us rely on as the largest reservoir in California, is 108 percent of historical average today.    Finding ourselves at a time we rejoiced with 100 percent allocation, you are absolutely right, our district did get 100 percent allocation, and it actually set us up for what was a scarier year than 2014 and 2015 with these actions that have been proposed. We had National Marine Fisheries come in and want to reduce releases out of Shasta to the point that we could not even take water anymore. We would have been completely cut off, this after we had planted all our crops and made that investment, taken out loans, and taken our documents preparing for a bad year to do water transfers and threw them in the garbage can--they wouldn't have done us any good anyway, because it was too late to do water transfers. The lack of certainty after your planting date, after you have been awarded this, and the circumstances that would have befallen our farmers were an absolute tragedy.    Further--and I see my time is running terribly short--but we are also--independently of our own volition and cost, the NMFS action would have stopped us from doing something that we are spending our own money on to help Delta smelt, to run it through a bypass. We are pumping the water, we are operating and maintaining everything, and that would have been prohibited by what NMFS was doing.    In conclusion, we just have to find a way. The water users are engaged. Congressman Huffman, you know our Red Bluff project. I mean, we have done a lot. The fish have a better situation than ever, but we have to start working together. We need one biological opinion and we need collaboration and science-driven process while we work together to get one biological opinion, and help our farmers and the fish. Thank you.    Mr. Sutton. Well, maybe the question would be better sent to the Federal agencies. We have struggled on looking at this. The metrics, it is hard to say, but in response to your question, I do want to point out, since 1992, the passage of CVPIA, increased implementation of biological opinions have gotten more and more restrictive. We have seen our water supply get more and more regulated, repurposed to other uses, inability to be able to divert that water, to points that we have never seen. We have made it through other droughts. In the late 1980s, early 1990s, and mid-1970s, we saw droughts that were as bad as what we are experiencing, they are very close to what we are experiencing now. Since that time, we have spent well over a billion and a half dollars in ecosystem restoration.    Mr. Sutton. I am sorry. OK.    Mr. Sutton. I don't have those metrics.    Mr. Sutton. What we know, the fish are not recovering----    Mr. Sutton . And we are harming farmers as well.    Mr. Sutton. I would add, the NMFS action has been solely focused on temperature and getting the young to come out, and that is an important part. The degree we were talking about is a couple of percent to provide the water that would keep water users from a catastrophic disaster, yet we have done nothing to focus on how that juvenile can get down the river system, get through the Delta and get to the ocean. And focusing on that life stage is just as important. There is a lot of investment that the Sac Valley water users have voluntarily engaged in to try and protect that life. We have to focus on the whole life cycle. We just keep turning the water knob unsuccessfully.    I also want to say the striped bass measure that you guys recently passed, Mr. Denham's bill, thank you. There are other stressors that are just being completely ignored that do not account for taking water away from folks.    And, last, we have to build more storage. We have ignored that for decades. Sites Reservoir is a good answer that can help solve this cold water problem by interacting with Shasta.    Mr. Sutton. I agree.    Mr. Sutton. Some of the actions are self-defeating.    Mr. Sutton. Yes.    Mr. Sutton. Thank you for the question. Like I said, not that I want to encourage David to give me zero allocations in the future, but those were trying years, desperate years. But what could have occurred this year, what we have come on the precipice of almost happening, with 8,000 cfs, the initial recommendation from NMFS, they would have had to turn our water off completely, not because the water wasn't there, but we could not divert it because the senior water rights and fishery protections would take the priority. Even the senior water right holders would have suffered greatly. They have been having impacts to their pumps, having to pump water instead, and some folks not able to plant.    Mr. Sutton. Well water. Pardon me. Thank you. So what would have happened? I sit as a member of the Glenn-Colusa Farm Production Credit Association that loans out these operating loans to these farmers to plant their crops and get them through harvest to pay that back. Lending institutions, businesses, farmers would have been lost.    Mr. Sutton. Correct.    Mr. Sutton. We are heading on a trajectory that is unsustainable for the CVP if that is where we are at.    Mr. Sutton. Just from our observations and conversations with NMFS, one frustrating thing about the numbers reported for 2014 and 2015 are those fish move when they get these pulses, the indicator, the environmental indicator to make them migrate downstream, which is flow. When you get that flow, they actually anchor to the Red Bluff--these screw traps to the Red Bluff diversion dam, the facilities that we run there. And in those circumstances, when you imagine most of those fish are moving by, those traps are out of the water.    Mr. Sutton. They can't.    Mr. Sutton. Not during the primary time that we would imagine they are migrating.    Mr. Sutton. I don't believe so. And we are certainly hopeful that that is true.    Mr. Sutton. Predation is a huge issue that is working against everything we are doing, and it is a stressor that needs serious and immediate attention.    Mr. Sutton. Similar answer. A more robust process is needed to ensure those regulatory actions are informed by sound science and there is accountability and a measure to achieving outcomes. There is a model we can follow just within David's region at Klamath where they spent 2 years on a collaborative process bringing in all the stakeholders to form a VA and resulted in one biological opinion. In my opinion, that effort is something we need to focus on.