    Mr. Collins. See if this is working. It wasn't last week. Thank you, Mr. Wilkins.    I will begin one real quick question on the rural broadband map.    Mr. Collins. I represent some very rural counties, and you currently use, if I understand, like the 9-digit zip code. In these counties, your 9-digit zip code is showing as much as 97 percent coverage. The counties knew that was wrong. They did their own in-depth study. It is under 50 percent. So I am assuming you are aware of the shortcomings in that, and is that what you are trying to address so we can actually get a number?    Mr. Collins. Where it is needed, which is our counties, and they are not getting it because of the 9-digit zip code----    Mr. Collins . Methodology.    Mr. Collins. Is wrong.    Mr. Collins. I think all of us in this day and age would appreciate the more accurate you can get it, the funds can go where they actually are needed, which is many of the rural counties.    So couple of questions on the budget. That is what I have spent my life doing, both as a county executive in the largest upstate county of New York, where I implemented Lean Six Sigma for the first time in a large municipal government. We had over 5,000 employees. I cut 22 percent of the workforce, improved efficiency, improved delivery of service, and those cuts saved $100 million a year. So in budgeting, there are two ways of looking at it. Let us flat line and add to, and then there is zero-based. And just first question, are you familiar with Lean Six Sigma, have you looked at it, because as a generality, you can reduce your workforce 22 percent.    Mr. Collins. I did it and actually improved service.    Mr. Collins. Well, and I had a unionized workforce.    Mr. Collins. So would it make any sense, and I have done this so--to pick a department, to pick a unit that has--I mean you might even think some areas where efficiencies would be--and try to--I am assuming you have never really tried it. You have never brought in master black belts, you have never process mapped, is that----    Mr. Collins. But using the skill set of Lean Six Sigma, or is it just----    Mr. Collins. If----    Mr. Collins. I would love to see if you could provide me just some examples. That is my background.    Mr. Collins. And perhaps even encourage you to consider, even on a satellite basis or some small basis, try it and then it can catch on, and the savings can just be dramatic.    Mr. Collins. It is not normally the way government works.    Mr. Collins. So another comment, and I am not going to try and trick you here, but you implied that because 8 cents in your budget brought in $1. You said that. Number one, I would say you are kind of taking undue credit for the wildly successful spectrum audit that far exceeded your estimates. And so kind of a rhetorical question, if we increased your budget $10 million, could you guarantee us $120 million coming back in on top of your current budget? Or if I gave you $100 million, could you guarantee us $1.2 billion coming back?    Mr. Collins. I didn't think so.    Mr. Collins. Well, my point is, I understand how you did the numbers----    Mr. Collins . But in fairness to us, I think you are trying to take credit for some things that were outside of your scope, and I know that is a good thing to do but----    Mr. Collins. So if we increased your budget by $10 million, could you give us another $120 million----    Mr. Collins . Coming back?    Mr. Collins. No, no, no, on top of your current budget----    Mr. Collins. No, but if I gave you 10 on top of that, could you give us another--so if we give you 20, can you give us 240?    Mr. Collins. OK. Well, I only bring that up because you were a little self-serving on that one.    Mr. Collins. OK.    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yield back.