    Ms. Littlefield. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Keating and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me here to testify before you today.    I am Elizabeth Littlefield, the President and CEO of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC). OPIC is the U.S. Government's development finance institution. It mobilizes private capital investment flows into poor and developing countries to help solve critical development challenges and in so doing, it advances U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives. We do this by providing long-term loans, guarantees and political risk insurance to businesses investing much needed capital into these developing countries, capital that would not be invested there without OPIC's financing and risk-mitigating services.    And because businesses are willing to pay the full cost of our services and more, OPIC generates income for the taxpayer and has done so reliably for 37 straight years.    Since the end of World War II, a strong, bipartisan consensus has recognized the fundamental link between poverty, economic instability, and conflict. In conflict, vulnerable nations, foreign direct investment helps to create jobs, opportunity, hope, and stability. At the same time, OPIC support helps our U.S. clients, a large majority of whom are small businesses, to tap into those fast growing, dynamic, emerging markets creating jobs both at home and abroad.    Today, OPIC manages just under 600 long term investment projects in over 100 developing countries, principally in critical infrastructure, in power, private education, private healthcare, low-income housing, and microfinance and other financial services, all of these being sectors that contribute powerfully to sustainable economic development.    In every one of these projects, our private investors also have their capital at risk. Every one of these projects is centered on achieving positive and measurable development impact and every one of those aims to be commercially viable. So OPIC uses the power of the markets and business to tangibly deliver American development and foreign policy goals. The Agency provides an effective development that pays for itself and more.    More than one third of OPIC's entire portfolio is invested in post-conflict nations or nations currently vulnerable to conflict. My own work at OPIC reflects these national security priorities. While I have been at OPIC, I have been on the ground in Haiti, Liberia, South Sudan, Afghanistan, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia, and others to help draw investments into those fragile countries.    In Afghanistan, OPIC's large portfolio of investments includes a cashmere processing facility, a state-of-the-art water bottling facility, and a highly successful small and medium enterprise lending facility, created in partnership with USAID which now supports successful job creating businesses in and around Kabul.    In Iraq, OPIC's investment portfolio supported the reconstruction of that country in many, many ways, ranging from microfinance lending to low-income housing to a dredging project to clear Iraq's water ways.    In Haiti, OPIC worked with USAID and a U.S. company to deliver micromortgages and housing reconstruction loans after that earthquake.    Even South Sudan. I traveled to Juba immediately following the initial peace agreement to identify critical infrastructure projects that could potentially be financed, taxpayer-free, with the private sector investment.    So in closing, OPIC's goal is to help fragile market economies grow and stabilize so that the odds of conflict are reduced or to help restore the foundation of the market economy after a conflict as our troops begin to come home. As former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates once put it, ``Development is one of America's great giant force multipliers.'' We agree.    Every single dollar that OPIC extends has a multiplier effect for national security. It has a multiplier effect for development and it has a multiplier effect for the taxpayer, as every $1 into OPIC's operations has generated up to $8 back to the Treasury, back in that deficit reduction.    Mr. Chairman, this is why we believe that OPIC is smart, lean, and market-driven development. Thank you very much and I welcome your questions.    Ms. Littlefield. Absolutely, thank you very much, Congressman. I can give you an example or two of each of those countries, but perhaps I will start with Jordan because, as we all know, Jordan is one of the U.S.' staunchest allies and has been extraordinarily brave and outspoken against the forces of extremism. That tiny country is extremely poor. They are one of the most water insecure countries on the Planet Earth. Ever since the pipeline from Egypt, where they were getting their gas, has been blown up repeatedly, they are getting all of their fuel shipped up from Eilat to Amman in trucks, heavy fuel oil. And they have got anywhere between 750,000 and 1.2 million Syrian refugees all pouring into this tiny little country.    This is a country where we have made a significant effort to identify U.S. partners that would help us invest in critical infrastructure there. For example, now our OPIC projects provide 25 percent of the power in that country of Jordan; 22 percent of the water flowing into Amman, its capital; and in partnership with USAID, we have created a small and medium enterprise lending facility in Jordan that is made 200 loans that are supporting enterprises, that are creating 6,000 to 7,000 jobs, including jobs for Syrian refugees.    Ms. Littlefield. Thank you very much, Congressman. OPIC was capitalized back in 1971 in the Nixon administration and subsequently paid back all the capital with which we were capitalized in the Reagan administration. And in the ensuing years since then, we have generated capital every single year back to the Treasury.    Ms. Littlefield. Through fees and commissions. We charge cost covering fees and commissions and interest rate spreads which our clients are more than happy to pay since we are the only source of financing or insurance for them in these markets.    Ms. Littlefield. It is not taxpayer funded. We are a net reduction of the deficit every single year, sir.    Ms. Littlefield. In the last few years, it has ranged between $325 million and $425 million.    Ms. Littlefield. Thank you, Congressman. We know that when U.S. companies invest capital in emerging markets, that creates a magnet in future years for exports to then flow. And we also know that 95 percent of the world's customers, as the chairman said in the beginning, are outside of these borders. This is where the markets are the most dynamic. They are growing and this is where the future for American businesses is.    In Africa alone, we don't talk about Africa much when we talk about trade, but in the next 10 years the number of households with disposable income is going to grow by 50 percent. All of those households have reached the tipping point beyond subsistence where they can begin to invest in consumer goods and other things that U.S. companies are making. So it is critically important that we be able to have a level playing field as my colleagues have said and provide the services that U.S. companies need to access these markets, both in terms of their investments which is the business of OPIC as well as the exports that may follow which is, of course, the business of     Ms. Littlefield. Thank you, Congresswoman. OPIC's role is a little bit different, a development agency rather than a trade agency. So I would answer the question slightly differently and to say that we are all clearly in this room and elsewhere very concerned about the need to pay for stability and development in fragile places. And we know that we need to engage in these places for strategic, economic, and moral reasons. OPIC's model may not be the only solution for stabilizing these markets, but it certainly is an incredibly effective one as it calls upon the private sector to shoulder some of the burden of helping address these issues and do so in a way that is actually creating income for those private sector investors as well as jobs built at home and abroad. Thank you.    Ms. Littlefield. Mr. Rohrabacher, we spoke about this before and as it stands now, OPIC continues to operate under the guidance of the Secretary of State in terms of selecting the countries in which we operate. That being said, we are not active currently with any major projects in Ethiopia.    Ms. Littlefield. I am not involved with the details of this. We have left it for the State Department, but I know that the U.S. Government----    Ms. Littlefield. That is not one of our policies. We do believe that when U.S. investors invest in these markets, they bring with them very high standards of environment, labor, and human rights standards as well as an improvement in the governance standards in those countries. So we see a direct correlation between foreign direct investment flow into countries and improvements in the business climate.    Ms. Littlefield. It is not. We certify that not one of our projects causes any damage to the U.S. economy nor causes the loss of any job in the U.S.    Ms. Littlefield. That is correct, sir.