    Mr. Starr. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and distinguished committee members, good morning. And I want to thank you for your invitation to appear today to discuss the construction of the U.S. Embassy in London. I, along with my colleagues at the Department of State, look forward to working with you to examine the issue and illustrate how we collectively support the men and women who serve at this mission with a safe and secure facility.    As the assistant secretary for diplomatic security, I work every single day with my colleagues to ensure a safe environment for our people. Environments in which we operate today require comprehensive planning, agile decisionmaking, and deft diplomacy. Most of all, they require us to be present, fully engaged, and 100 percent committed to the security of our people and our facilities.    The U.S. Embassy in London is an exceptionally important platform for diplomatic and consular engagement to advance our national interests in this country. As you know, I work closely with my colleagues in the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations as the Department builds diplomatic missions that increase the safety and security, as well as meet rigorous security standards.    Concerning the U.S. Embassy in London, DS has worked with OBO throughout the design and construction project to ensure that this project would be executed while meeting the security standards.    As you know, the threats faced by the Department are ever-evolving. In response to this changing environment, DS commits a significant amount of time and effort and energy towards research and evaluation in order to ensure our facilities are able to combat such threats. The outcome of this innovation provides DS with different designs and different building methodologies that accommodate the Department in these environments.    We owe it to our diplomats, along with our security professionals in the field, to provide them with safe, secure platforms from which they can operate. I want to thank Congress for the resources and support that you have provided and look forward to your continued support in years ahead.    Thank you. And I will be glad to answer any questions you have.    Mr. Starr. Sir, those photographs are dated 2014. I certified that building in December of 2013.    Mr. Starr. In addition, I want to make something clear, that for years, we have done something called soil stabilization, as Lydia Muniz was referring to. Your first photograph is closest to what we allow to occur before we actually start to construct the building. We will not let OBO start constructing the foundation of the building, even the foundation, before certification. We do permit them to do soil stabilization----    Mr. Starr. No, sir. But I'd like to talk about that as well----    Mr. Starr. --because there is no requirement to do blast testing. Sir, there is no requirement----    Mr. Starr. No, sir.    Mr. Starr. No, sir. If I could explain.    Mr. Starr. No, the----    Mr. Starr. Sir, if I may explain. For most of 2013, my staff went back and forth with OBO and did not certify the building based on the original designs that we got. We did have questions about the design of that building. OBO and the architects and the blast consultants went back many times from the original designs and looked at it and closely evaluated how to build that building to meet our standards--to meet our standards.    In late November of 2013, in late November and in early December, I sat down with my entire staff, I sat down with OBO, we sat down with the architect of record, and we sat down with the Weidlinger company, which was the architect of record's blast consultant, one of the absolute most experienced, best blast consultants in the world, bar none. The question that I needed answered to me before I would certify that building was will that building as it is currently designed meet our standards, our forced entry standards, our blast standards. Weidlinger, the architect of design, and my own people said, yes, it will.    Mr. Starr. In late November and early December of 2013.    Mr. Starr. Sir, we learn things from blast tests. I also am a little bit from the, I don't know, from the Missouri school, I want to be shown that things actually do it. But when I have the architect of record and perhaps the best blast engineering company in the world, Weidlinger, telling me that this building will protect our people, absolutely will protect our people, that is a promise that they're saying and putting in writing. And, therefore, I can sit there and I can write a certification to you, a promise that the facility resulting from the project is going to protect our people adequately.    Now, we wanted to blast test it anyway. We scheduled those blast tests shortly after that. We learned things from blast testing. In the lay-ups of the blast testing we actually used glass that was thinner, we used glass that was the same, we used glass that was thicker. We learn things from blast testing. And, ultimately, when we blast tested the full lay-up, it confirmed exactly what the engineers had said: It passed.    Mr. Starr. Yes, it is.    Mr. Starr. No, sir.    Mr. Starr. I am telling you that.    Mr. Starr. Component tests, pieces of glass that we tested, including some that were less than what we were putting up, including some that were less, failed.    Mr. Starr. Pieces that were less than what we were doing, sir. We do blast testing to learn a lot of things. We find out a lot from it. The full-scale mockup of the building that we did passed every single test with flying colors.    Mr. Starr. Reaffirming what the architects and the blast engineers gave us in writing saying absolutely this will pass.    Mr. Starr. I understand that, and I appreciate the opportunity to----explain myself    Mr. Starr. 2014.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. The certification process does not require us to do blast testing. I mean, literally, we could have just accepted the engineer's and the architect's and the blast consultant's and say, yes, this meets standards. We do this in many cases.    In this case, because the windows were very large, we decided we're going to blast test this anyway. We did some component testing before. And, as the chairman says, there's a report. One of them says that it's inconclusive. We actually had overpressures that were higher than what we needed to test to and we had pieces of glass that were actually less robust than what we built this building with to test them.    We learn things from that type of testing. When we did the full-scale mock up, as the engineers had predicted and had certified to us, it passed with flying colors.    Sir, we promise that we are going to build a building that meets our standards. We are building a building that meets our standards.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Starr. Yes, it is.    Mr. Starr. Yes, it does.    Mr. Starr. Yes, it has.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir, I am.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir, that is correct.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir, it is.    Mr. Starr. We look at what types of attacks we are likely to be subjected to. We look at the theater that we're operating at. We look at what weapons, terrorists, and others have in their hands and how they could attack us. We look at terrorist tactics and procedures. And then we make determinations, in addition to our physical security measures that are our baseline standards, of other things that we may have to do.    In certain cases, we are using overhead cover to ensure that mortar attacks and rocket attacks are protected from. In certain cases, we have things like radar warning systems that give us time in advance when we're being attacked for people to take cover and duck-and-cover systems. These are examples of things that we look at, depending on what country we're in and where we're at, and then how we try to mitigate the threats.    Mr. Starr. No, sir.    Mr. Starr. No, we have seen those types of attacks before. Those attacks were effective because they were attacking soft, unhardened targets without protection. It really does not apply to better protected facilities.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir. We looked closely at London. We look at our security standards. The facility, as I said, in the certification under Public Law 100-204, as amended, that facility resulting from this construction project will meet our standards and will provide the adequate safety and security for our personnel in that facility.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir. There are attacks that are--we have suffered in the past. If you remember the Jeddah attack on our consulate, there were armed gunmen with AK-47s and explosives that came in, they breached our perimeter over the wall. Because of our security standards, they never got into our facility, and the Saudi forces and our guard forces effectively terminated that. The same thing happened in Herat, in Afghanistan.    We're aware of those types of attacks. We believe that we have the proper security in place to defend against them.    Mr. Starr. No, sir. No, I'm not familiar with that. That's out of my security realm.    Mr. Starr. In any discussion of whether a FAM or Federal law takes priority, Federal law takes priority.    Mr. Starr. Sir, I disagree with that. I think that we fully complied with the law, absolutely.    We do have one portion of the FAM that I think has not been updated since 1993. And in particular, in the early 2000s, when we were using standard embassy design, that is a design-build methodology of receiving the project, as opposed to design-bid-build, the FAM says we're not supposed to sign a contract beforehand. In fact, that does need to be modified in the FAM. The law says nothing about that. But we are----    Mr. Starr. Yes, that is one of the recommendations from the inspector general and we are addressing that.    Mr. Starr. It goes all the way back to the Inman specifications. And then we've gone through several iterations of this, finally culminating with P.L. 100-204 that gave us directions that we need to certify in advance of the construction of the building that the facility is going result in a building or a facility that's safe for our classified information, our national security activities, and our people.    Mr. Starr. There were other embassy functions in the--what was called the Navy Annex. We were not co-located, that is another law that Congress has passed, that we must have 100 feet of setback for every facility that we build and we must co-locate everybody in the facility----    Mr. Starr. --and they were not co-located in the old facility.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Starr. Yes. Off the top of my head, I can't name every agency that will be in the new facility, but we have----    Mr. Starr. No.    Mr. Starr. No, sir.    I would like to say something. Since 1985 and the Inman Commission, we've gone through a series of processes, like having the Overseas Security Policy Board set security standards for new construction. We've had laws passed that require us to co-locate our personnel and have 100 feet of setback or in new construction. Only the Secretary of State can waive that. We are required to tell Congress in advance of starting the construction of the actual building that the building will result in a safe and secure facility.    We have since, well, since I've been on board, we have never breached that trust and we never will. Every building that we build will meet the security standards. We are getting the funding from Congress not because we need to replace out-of-date buildings, because the buildings are insecure. That's why Congress gives us the funding. This particular project is not using appropriated funding. It's using proceeds of sale. But I assure you also that we would never build a building that will not be safe and secure for our people, our national security----    Mr. Starr. Sir, you are correct that the Benghazi facility did not meet the standards. We did not build that facility. There's a difference between when we have to go places and sometimes accept what we can lease and try to upgrade it in the meantime.    My promise to you is then when we build a facility----    Mr. Starr. Tripoli, we leased----    Mr. Starr. Sir, I agree. No one is more cognizant of what happened in Benghazi than I am. No one is more cognizant than I am in the Department----    Mr. Starr. We build--sir, sir, please----    Mr. Starr. No, it's not.    Mr. Starr. Sir, it is not mincing words. I am being exact. When we build a new facility from scratch----    Mr. Starr. May I answer?    Chairman Chaffetz.--well, we leased this one, so it's not as secure. What do you tell that family?    Mr. Starr. Congressman, may I answer the question? Public law says when we build a new facility--and we've had, thanks to Congress, a new embassy construction program for many years--every single one of those buildings that we build new meets every one of those standards. We don't waive things.    When we have to accept--Congressman, please--when we have to go into different places and lease a facility that we know doesn't meet our standards, we try our best to upgrade it. We try to provide other methods of mitigating the threat, whether it's U.S. Marines, whether it's Diplomatic Security agents. Sometimes we use temporary barriers around them.    I cannot make a leased facility that has never been--never been designed to meet blast standards or setback meet blast standards or setback. There's a difference between when we build new--and that's what you ask us to certify--when we build new, then we have to go out on more or less an expeditionary basis and lease something. The facilities that we had in Tripoli and Benghazi did not meet the new embassy construction standards and do not.    Mr. Starr. No, I don't----    Mr. Starr. I don't believe there are waivers in Jakarta.    Mr. Starr. Sir, every year we provide a report to Congress on any waivers that we have given for new construction. We provide it every single year.    Mr. Starr. We give it to our committees, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, the House Foreign Relations Committee, the Appropriations----    Mr. Starr. Absolutely.    Mr. Starr. In the new facility that we're building, yes.    Mr. Starr. It will be, yes.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. Yes, Congresswoman, it is.    Mr. Starr. Congresswoman, thank you for the question.    We work, sometimes by ourselves, sometimes with the Defense Threat Reduction Agency, sometimes with the National Labs, and we--our buildings meet higher standards for our security standards--and I don't want to go into exactly what they are--than any type of commercial building. And in order to do that we had to develop new types of products.    I can tell you that one of the products that we developed, if you look at the first generation of embassies that we built from 1988 to 1992 that withstood blasts, the windows were about 2 feet by 2 feet and they were about 5 inches thick. Today we can build windows, we have windows and commercial contractors build them for us now, that are, you know, 6 feet by 8 feet that meet the blast requirements. And that has further developed to the point where we are building the embassy in London and Jakarta where the curtain wall is actually all glass and yet still meets those blast requirements.    These are the types of things that, as we go forward building new buildings, give us different options to build while still meeting very rigorous security standards.    Mr. Starr. Congressman, essentially, certification is a promise to Congress. You've given us the resources, and you want to know that we're certifying to you, in advance of starting the building of the building, that the facility resulting from the project is going to be safe and secure. It's a promise.    We can fulfill that promise many different ways. In some of the standard embassy designs, when we were first looking at the standard embassy designs, we were a little nervous about some of the things, and we certified them based on what the architects were telling us, and we could look at concrete and we could look at steel and pretty much figure it out.    As we go forward into newer types of methodologies, we do rely on our architects, and, as I said, quite possibly the best blast architecture firm in the world, Weidlinger, and telling us, yes, this design meets your standards; this design will surpass your standards. And I can take that and promise to you, promise to Congress the facility resulting from this design is going to meet our standards.    Well, we went even further than that afterwards and blast tested it just to ensure that their calculations were correct, and in fact they were.    Mr. Starr. I don't think we sent that to Congress, sir. What we did was certify that the design met the requirements. And we also talked about, well, if the blast testing showed that it didn't, what would we do, even though the engineers were fully saying, yes, it would.    Mr. Starr. I'm trying to remember the actual package. I know the certification is signed by the under secretary for management. I don't think--I think the certification says that we've consulted with ODNI on this. I'm not sure that in the package that we send to you that we actually include the memo from ODNI.    Mr. Starr. Congressman, if you'd like, I will get back to you with an answer afterwards, whether the package we send to Congress actually has the ODNI letter or not, if you'd like.    Mr. Starr. I can find out by tomorrow and give your office a call.    Mr. Starr. I said that our----    Mr. Starr. Congressman----    Mr. Starr. Congressman, I am not----    Mr. Starr. I am----    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir. Every embassy that we construct anew does.    Mr. Starr. Sir, the security standards that we have for construction of a new embassy are extensive. The things that you mentioned are not the only things that we have. The standards are passed by the Overseas Security Policy Board, which is a set of directors of all of the agencies that are--security director of all the agencies that exist overseas that are at our embassies and consulates, including the Department of Defense, Department of Justice, the intelligence community, everyone.    Mr. Starr. Congressman, you're correct, although what you're pointing out is an issue that we also have overseas. These buildings predate building to new, safer standards. They were built many years ago. We have embassies like that as well.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir, if I understand your question, yes.    Mr. Starr. Director Muniz will say something about this as well. But at the beginning of the program, after the loss of the embassies in Dar es Salaam and Nairobi, we built many embassies in the Sahel and across Africa and many other places that had 10 acres of land and were not in the center of the cities.    As we are approaching sort of the midpoint of building new embassies, we've built over 110 new facilities now, we find ourselves in a position where we want, particularly in cities in Europe and other places, to not be very far out, and that requires a building that is not low and flat and takes 10 acres of land to build. We're looking on, like London, a small smaller site, and we go up. And that means we have to have the new technology, like curtain walls, to be able to do those things.    Mr. Starr. We're looking closely at the Paris attacks. We are looking for lessons learned from the Paris attacks. I don't think that there's anything necessarily going to come out of that that's going to affect how we build buildings or how we construct facilities.    What we are looking at, from the Consular Section and from other methods, is how to best warn Americans overseas even faster than we do, and I think we do a very good job of it now. We encourage all Americans that are overseas to register with embassies and consulates who are in the region. You can do that online now. We're taking advantage of more online tools. Many embassies----    Mr. Starr. We encourage all Americans that are overseas to register and let us know that they're traveling overseas. Many embassies nowadays have automatic SMS messaging, and if an American citizen provides their telephone number or an email address to us, if something is going on in their location, we can message them immediately and warn them to either, you know, shelter-in-place or evacuate or things like that.    So I think one of the lessons from Paris that we're learning is that, as I think, quite honestly, as many of us had feared for many years, that terrorism that we had seen in places like the Middle East and African countries was eventually going to evolve through Europe and to other countries. And these are countries that have many, many, many American expatriates and many American visitors and tourists. So we are looking at how we can better warn American citizens overseas.    As I say, I think we do a very good job of it already, but in the aftermath of Paris we're even taking another look at it and see whether there's even better ways that we can do it.    Mr. Starr. Congresswoman, that is an excellent question. It's something that we thrash with very often, and we've had a lot of questions about it.    One of the reasons we build safe and secure facilities is so that when our embassy officers and our local staff are in the embassy, working out of the embassy, it's a safe and secure facility and we don't lose it or everybody in one attack. To the absolute maximum extent, we don't want to lose an embassy like in Dar es Salaam or Nairobi when the bombings took place. We want to make sure that we never lose the embassy proper, so that we don't lose our platform for diplomacy and law enforcement and justice and intelligence and aid programs.    But the flip side of this is that diplomats have to get out of the building. Diplomats, by their very nature, don't work just inside that building. They need to get out. They need to talk with legislators. They need to talk with human rights advocates. They need to talk with people that are running aid programs and humanitarian affairs. They need to talk with the people that are running the country in power. They need to talk with the opposition.    Well, in order to do that, we have other programs besides just the embassy building program. This is why we provide armored cars. This is why we have Diplomatic Security agents and bodyguards in some cases. This is, of all cases, why we are now engaging in training our diplomats in FACT training, Foreign Affairs Counter Threat training, for 5 days before they go overseas, to give them medical skills, countersurveillance skills, driving skills, rudimentary understandings of weapons and explosives.    These are the types of things that are the flip side of, you know, creating a safe and secure embassy when they're there, but also understanding that their job is to get out and to meet people and talk with people and represent the United States. So we have both types of programs that we're running simultaneously.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Starr. I believe that's correct, sir.    Mr. Starr. No, sir, it does not sound familiar to me.    Mr. Starr. And I think you're misstating a lot of the facts.    Mr. Starr. Is there a question you'd like me to answer, Congressman?    Mr. Starr. No, sir, I don't believe so. First----    Mr. Starr. I don't think this committee--I don't think we have had the opportunity to spend the time with the staff of this committee that we spent in years past with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs on the building program.    Mr. Starr. No, sir. I think this hearing and briefings that we're trying to do, I think, are valuable. I think they help the committee understand things. This is a tough business, and we do make choices.    Mr. Starr. Well, the budget, sir, I can't really tell you about. What I can tell you is----    Mr. Starr. This building, I don't believe so. If you'd like to ask Director Muniz. But the security of this building, I can tell you, we are building a building that meets our standards.    Mr. Starr. No, sir. It's a question that you have to look at.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. I don't believe there's a lack of ambiguity in the law, sir. We are required----    Mr. Starr. No. And certainly no lack of following it. I certify----    Mr. Starr. Sir, this building is--we promised----    Mr. Starr. But, sir, just, we promised Congress----    Mr. Starr. Sir, the law requires that we inform Congress. For new construction----    Mr. Starr. For new construction, I can't even remember the last time we've asked for any waiver for setback----    Mr. Starr. --or for co-location or for any of our----    Mr. Starr. --or for any of our standards.    Mr. Starr. Sir, when we have to take a facility that's already built, when we go into a city that we have to accept, we're never going to meet the standards, and we do issue a waiver for those.    Mr. Starr. I think the only--we have a waiver in Jakarta for the swing space and for a historic building that's on the compound. I can't remember another waiver that we've issued for new construction.    Mr. Starr. Yes. I promise, sir.    Mr. Starr. Thank you, Congressman. There are thousands of things that are wants and there are things that are needs. Working closely with the inspector general, who goes out and looks at our posts, and then we put together multiagency teams that include the Department of Defense and the Marine Corps that look at our embassies and DS agents that go out----    Mr. Starr. We look at these things--no, sir, I have no request from the Marine Corps for night vision devices. I have specialized units.    Mr. Starr. Sir, I have been to Afghanistan, Iraq----    Mr. Starr. I've been to many of those places as well, sir.    Mr. Starr. Sir, the Marine Corps is responsible for providing weapons for the marine detachments. I am not aware that there are unfulfilled requests from the marine detachments through their MCOs to the Marine Corps. The Marine Corps sets the specifications for what weapons they get, what gear they have. That is up to the Marine Corps, not up to Diplomatic Security.    The larger question about other things that we have----    Mr. Starr. Requisition through the Marine Corps.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Starr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Starr. That would--if there's a need for night vision equipment, it would come from the Marine Corps.    I would tell you, sir----    Mr. Starr. Right.    Mr. Starr. Right, which is ours. All of our cameras have night vision capabilities.    Mr. Starr. Sir, we----    Mr. Starr. Sir, we have spent the last 3 years----    Mr. Starr. We have spent the last 3----    Mr. Starr. Sir, all of our cameras, even our lowest and oldest cameras, have enhanced resolution.    Mr. Starr. They are capable of seeing what is going on in the compound at night, sir.    Mr. Starr. If--if--we lose all power and if we lose all generators, there are certain posts that will not be able to do that. But we have low light capability, and we've had that since the early '90s.    Mr. Starr. Sir, we have low light capability cameras, and we have engaged, since Benghazi, in an upgrade program starting with all of our----    Mr. Starr. Sir----    Mr. Starr. Our marines and our agents can see at night.    Mr. Starr. Correct.    Mr. Starr. I believe I can, sir.    Mr. Starr. Give me 2 weeks, sir.    Mr. Starr. May I comment, sir?    Mr. Starr. Sir, we have embassies all across the world. We have embassies in Third World countries and First World countries. We have embassies where we have never lost power, and we have embassies where we do lose power and we run on generators. We have some of the most comprehensive security standards for any facility in the world.    Now, I'm not saying that our buildings are built better than the protection for nuclear facilities, but in comparison to a regular office building, our facilities are built to a standard that is very safe and secure. Our embassies in Sudan and in Tunis withstood 8-1/2 hours of crowds pounding on them when the police wouldn't come and rescue our people. Our marines and our RSOs had the equipment to defend those embassies during that time. Nobody got in. Nobody was injured.    We have comprehensive programs. They're not perfect. There is no such thing as a perfect program, and we continue to run reasonable risks overseas. But we will do our absolute best to ensure that our people are safe and secure.    Mr. Starr. Sir, in terms of certification, I agree with the inspector general that we have a section of the FAM that's out of date that does not--is actually saying something that's different than public law. If there's any question about what takes precedence, it's public law over the Foreign Affairs Manual.    Mr. Starr. Sir, the public law requires us to certify to Congress that the facility resulting from the construction project is going to be safe and secure for our national security activities, our classified information, and our people, our personnel. We are providing a facility in line with that certification that is safe and secure for our people, our national security activities, and our classified information.    Mr. Starr. We actually can't prevent it. I mean, you canbe outside of our perimeter and take photographs of it as it's going up. We have certain things, certain places, and certain sections inside that we don't allow photographs.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. I know of only one that any data was exfiltrated.    Mr. Starr. Yes.    Mr. Starr. There was no PII released, sir, no personal identifiable information. It wasn't that type of breach.    Mr. Starr. No, we don't believe there was any classified released either.    Mr. Starr. Diplomatic Security runs a computer virus, computer cybersecurity center for IRM, which runs the infrastructure, the pipes, does all the communications, and all oF that. They're responsible for the system. We help protect from the outside, looking at things that are coming in. We work closely with US-CERT and with Homeland Security and other agencies to make sure that we have the right types of protection on the outside of the system.    Mr. Starr. Yes. It is mostly Microsoft based, although there's a tremendous amount of other applications on the system. But it's a Microsoft-based system.    Mr. Starr. Sir, there are--there are--I'm actually not the best one to tell you this. IRM would be the one to tell you. I can tell you what is on my screen, which is I think Windows 7, when it comes up on the unclassified system.    Mr. Starr. I think it's Windows 7.    Mr. Starr. It's fairly new. State has made a significant investment in trying to upgrade the unclassified systems. But I would be very pleased to come up and--some of this gets into sensitive information, particularly about that breach. I'd be very pleased to come up and talk with you. But I would also, if I was, I would like to bring the head of IRM with me.    Mr. Starr. I will try my absolute best to do that, sir, yes.