    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank the ranking member, Ranking Member Richmond, for yielding the time. And I want to thank both chairmen and ranking members of the committee for holding this hearing. I've been closely following the intrusion software additions since BIS proposed the original rule last May. In July, several of my colleagues joined me in voicing our concerns with that regulation as part of the public comment period. And last month, 125 members joined Chairman McCaul and me in a bipartisan effort in highlighting some of those thoughts in a letter to the President's National Security Advisor.    Throughout this period, I've been thoroughly impressed by Bureau of Industry and Security's efforts to be as open as possible during the rulemaking process. And I commend you, Assistant Secretary Wolf, and your staff, for your willingness to listen to constructive feedback. I thank you for your work in that respect. I think all of us here today believe that intrusion software can be dangerous in the wrong hands. But the original proposed rule had many unintended consequences that must be addressed. I hope we will explore those barriers during this hearing, which could be detrimental to both our economic competitiveness and our national security, and that we will also come out with a clear understanding of the way forward and how to better incorporate stakeholder feedback from the outset in future rulemaking.    With that, I would like to, again, thank Chairmen Ratcliffe and Hurd and Ranking Members Richmond and Kelly for addressing this very important topic. And I'll submit my full statement for the record. And I would yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Before I begin my questions, if I could, I would like to submit my original comments to Department of Commerce, the rule and the concerns that I have.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I want to, again, thank you, Secretary Wolf, at the Department of Commerce and BIS for bending over backwards to listen to concerns that have been raised here, and in other areas with respect to this rule. You've been very helpful and responsive to those concerns.    Ms. Ganzer and Secretary Van Diepen, I hope it's very clear that you've hit a wall with respect to the way this was negotiated, what was negotiated, and there's pretty broad opposition going forward. So we are hoping that you are going to take that message and go back and get this right, probably by having to renegotiate.    So is that a fair statement? You understand that we have broad opposition here?    Mr. Langevin. So with respect to criteria for the selection of dual-use items, dual-use goods and technologies to be controlled are those which are major or are key elements for the indigenous development, reduction, use, or enhancement of military capabilities. For selection purposes, the dual-use items should also be evaluated against the following criteria: Bond availability outside participating states; next, ability to control effectively with the export of the goods; next, the ability to make a clear and objective specification of the item; and, last, control by another regime.    So to Ms. Ganzer and Secretary Van Diepen, with respect to clear and objective specification of the items, given the diversity of implementation we've seen in participating States, is the definition clear at the moment?    Furthermore, the director of DARPA has stated that, and I quote, ``From a technology perspective, defense and offenses are indistinguishable,'' of you echoed by the State Department's own defense trade advisory group. Doesn't this preclude objective specification?    Mr. Langevin. Okay. I would have some concerns with that answer, but let me go next.    With respect to foreign availability, do you believe that intrusion software tools are not available and could not be developed in non-Wassenaar participating states like Singapore or China, which are home to four of the top 20 engineering and technology universities in the world according to QS rankings?    Mr. Langevin. And with respect to ability to effectively control export, do you believe that our regime has the capability to stop transfer of the goods or associated technology given that software can be sent across the globe without passing through a port of entry or other border checkpoint?    Mr. Langevin. Mr. Secretary, my time has expired, but I have to say, I respectfully disagree with each one of your answers. This is a checklist against which we should be--we should be evaluating on the states' value, and I think you've drawn the wrong conclusions. But my time has expired, and I'll yield back.