    Mr. Weiss. Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting Treasury to testify today.    We are encouraged by the seriousness of purpose that the committee has brought to this task. Significant progress has been made in designing the elements of the bill. But more work is required, as I will describe, to ensure a responsible solution to the escalating crisis in Puerto Rico. We look forward to continue working with you and your staff to further refine the legislation immediately following today's hearing.    As this committee is well aware, Puerto Rico is already in distress. The Commonwealth has already defaulted on its debt. Litigation is mounting. Puerto Rico has no access to credit markets, even the costliest ones.    The effects of the crisis become more evident each passing day. Health, education, and public safety services have been curtailed because the government is out of cash and cannot pay its bills. Suppliers are owed more than $2 billion. Hospitals have closed floors and terminated employees. The largest hospital system in Puerto Rico just notified its staff that it must lay off nearly 500 workers, 10 percent of its workforce.    Last week, the Governor was forced to declare a state of emergency for the GDB, the Commonwealth's key fiscal agent and lender of last resort. That action restricts the ability of Puerto Rico's agencies, municipalities, and other public instrumentalities from withdrawing deposits at the bank, and it threatens to disrupt many programs and services throughout the island. A moratorium on all debts of the Commonwealth has been authorized by the local legislature and may be invoked for the GDB, which has a major payment coming due in just 2 weeks.    In October of last year, as this committee knows, the Administration introduced a comprehensive plan that included four key elements: broad restructuring authorities, independent oversight, adequate funding of healthcare services, and incentives to drive economic growth.    While the Administration believes all elements of its legislative proposal are essential to arrest the crisis in Puerto Rico and set the stage for economic renewal, the legislation under consideration today attempts to address the two most urgent requirements: debt restructuring and fiscal oversight.    I commend the committee for producing draft legislation that seeks to provide Puerto Rico with those essential tools and attempts to do so in a way that provides the ability to reach a sustainable solution for all of Puerto Rico's debts. However, despite the progress that has been made, there are still vital questions of workability in the draft bill that must be resolved.    First, we support tools that facilitate voluntary restructurings, but the bill's version of a collective action clause imposes, in our judgment, an unworkable, mandatory process that will only delay the ability to reach a comprehensive resolution. Under the proposed approach, all of Puerto Rico's numerous debtors would have to complete a complicated process before any single entity could begin to restructure.    Second, any stay on litigation must ensure that the Commonwealth has sufficient breathing space to allow for voluntary negotiations, which we strongly support. A stay must also allow for a transition without interruption from these voluntary negotiations into a period of restructuring if it is needed. As drafted, there is risk that a stay may terminate prior to the commencement of restructuring, resulting in a gap and a chaotic race to the courthouse.    Third, the process for entering restructuring should not require a supermajority of the board. A minority of the board should not have veto power at the critical juncture when all other options have been exhausted.    Finally, the legislation must more evenly balance competing policy priorities. Undermining the minimum wage and overtime rules in Puerto Rico, thereby increasing disparities in pay between Puerto Rico and the mainland, is not a recipe for economic growth. And the legislation must offer a responsible process to ensure the retirement security of the 330,000 citizens in Puerto Rico that will depend on their pension benefits.    In short, while the committee has made great progress, there is additional work to do. If Congress does not act, the situation can only grow worse. Action is required today to protect the safety and economic well-being of the 3.5 million American----    The Chairman. Mr. Weiss, you have 2 seconds to finish up here.    Mr. Weiss . Citizens of Puerto Rico. And we look forward to continuing working with you after this hearing.    Mr. Weiss. I can start. Thank you, Congressman.    The oversight board does respect, in fact, the principles that the Administration laid out at the beginning of this process, which is that it preserves the Commonwealth's self-governance, while putting in place safeguards that ensure that the plans that are agreed and that the budgets that are agreed will be carried out.    And I think as other witnesses have testified, it is also the case uniquely in this bill that access to restructuring authorities or, indeed, access to a collective-action clause under the voluntary path can only be obtained through a process which is certified and put forward by the oversight board.    So, the oversight board respects the self-governance but is a gateway to further the voluntary negotiations that have a chance of success or restructuring authorities.    Mr. Weiss. The Governor and the legislature are to put forward a long-term fiscal plan and an annual budget. These are to be approved by the legislature, as is the case presently. In the event that subsequent budgets deviate from the initial fiscal plan, which is revised annually as well, or performance falls short, there is an iterative process back and forth with the oversight board to correct those shortfalls, and, ultimately, there is assurance that the plans will be carried out as initially forecast.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, my answer is simple: no one wins, everyone loses. The people of Puerto Rico lose. The creditors ultimately lose. As has been noted, the moratorium, which has been enacted in Puerto Rico to preserve essential services, has led credit prices to deteriorate. And the mainland loses, in the sense that the alternative to this legislation, which is not a bailout, will, in fact, become a bailout over time.    And, as has been stated by many Members of Congress in both parties, this legislation costs taxpayers nothing. In fact, what it does is it precludes the likelihood that over time taxpayers would have to step in, as they always do when the safety and economic prosperity of Americans are at stake.    Mr. Weiss. I think estimates vary from a third on up.    I should mention that this debt continues to trade hands every day and is trading today, as well, and so this number, by most estimates, is accumulating.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, the litigation has already begun in courts. At the time that the Governor was forced to claw back certain revenues in order to pay other debts in December, there was immediate litigation filed.    Mr. Weiss. There is current litigation, and none of this is reaching resolution. It is not resulting in a constructive environment for negotiations to take place. To the contrary, as these claims are individually pursued, both against the Commonwealth and amongst the different creditors, there are 24 creditor classes and counting. What we fear is that if we are left without any framework, as has been established by the committee under leadership of the Chairman, that Puerto Rico faces a lost decade as these various claims are contested.    Mr. Weiss. Two reasons. First, this legislation puts in place a strict and independent oversight board in order to look across all of the different claims and the fiscal plan and budgeting process and to try to bring all of that into alignment through the course of a restructuring.    And second, in the tools that have been outlined by the draft, there is an opportunity to pursue a voluntary pathway and to achieve agreement across a particular class of creditors as there is an opportunity to pursue an orderly restructuring mechanism in the event that the voluntary process fails.    Mr. Weiss. There is language in the bill, which I will not cite exactly because it is relatively fresh, which does talk about the pre-existing priorities of claims, but what is to be pointed out is that without the centralized review of an oversight board and without the restructuring authorities and voluntary mechanism, there will be endless litigation as to claims.    We have heard from secured creditors on this panel. There are other creditors who are actually of a different point of view as to who is most senior, and so, in order to bring this to an orderly resolution, it requires this kind of mechanism. Without it, we fear economic chaos.    Mr. Weiss. Yes, our initial proposal did include those two components, as you are well aware. However, it does alleviate the financial stress on the Commonwealth through the stay and through the process, which would allow the Commonwealth to have a sustainable level of debt, which is our ultimate goal.    Mr. Weiss. We continue to work with the committee to refine this provision. We agree with the principle that this committee should be fully independent of the political process and free of any conflict of interest, whether financial or otherwise.    Mr. Weiss. At the end of the process, this ensures that the debts will be restructured to a level that is sustainable relative to the size of the economist----    Mr. Weiss. At the end of the process.    Mr. Weiss. It organizes both the voluntary discussion, which you are describing, and the restructuring mechanism in the event that the voluntary restructuring does not succeed. It also incentivizes the voluntary restructuring with tools which are not in place today.    Mr. Weiss. We are not here to pick winners and losers among creditors.    Mr. Weiss. The oversight board is invested with enormous responsibility in putting forth, as the Congressman has described.    Mr. Weiss. It can only happen if all other measures have been exhausted and it is the judgment of the oversight group----    Mr. Weiss. These creditors today are holding 67 cents on the dollar. They know it is being restructured, sir.    Mr. Weiss. It is radically different from bankruptcy.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, we believe that the intent is for this to work, that there are important drafting items which we need to review with the committee, and we will begin to do so immediately following this hearing, but the intent is to provide for a voluntary path with incentives to reach agreement and, in the event that this fails, a restructuring mechanism to allow the Commonwealth to emerge with a sustainable debt load.    If these principles are respected in the drafting, we believe we can work with the committee to get there.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, with respect to the constitutionality, there is a clear pathway under Article IV of the Constitution for this to be enacted for territories. The 10th Amendment provides no such assurance.    Current negotiations, in our judgment, cannot succeed without the additional tools which have been effectively offered by this committee to support both voluntary negotiations and restructuring, if it is needed. The witness from Nuveen could speak to the efficacy of this with respect to state borrowing costs, but the pathway is between a disorderly default and something structured.    Mr. Weiss. Not at all, I think that this is an area we continue to develop with the committee. I think that the principles for the composition have been established that it must be a deeply experienced board, an independent board, free of all conflict of interest and broadly representative of the stakeholders who are affected by the restructuring.    Mr. Weiss. We agree with you.    Mr. Weiss. Professor Johnson addressed this issue before eloquently. The perhaps single biggest crisis in Puerto Rico is out-migration. In the 12 months ending October 31, 2.5 percent of Puerto Ricans left for the mainland. That is roughly double the rate that were leaving 2 years ago, and this is why the comparison between Puerto Rico and Greece breaks--we are talking about Americans.    And it is true that Puerto Rico can be an island paradise. It is not a paradise for the American citizens who live there today. There is 58 percent childhood poverty; 45 percent of homes live in poverty. Government payrolls have been shrunk by more than 25 percent, and the policy of austerity, coupled with the suffocating amount of debt, has left the economy at a dead end. These are the tools which will allow Puerto Rico to emerge--and I repeat--at no cost to the Federal taxpayer.    Mr. Weiss. This, in our judgment, properly completed, will stabilize the crisis. The stay, coupled with the tools to incentivize voluntary negotiations and the restructuring mechanism, backed by an independent and strong fiscal oversight board, in our judgment, will create a period of stability, but we do agree that there needs to be additional tools over the long run to incentivize growth. Those do not need to come necessarily in the form----    Mr. Weiss. Our initial plan pointed to two. We believe in the earned income tax credit as a very effective way of--a bipartisan way of incentivizing work, bringing more Americans in Puerto Rico into the formal workforce, which has a tendency to expand the taxable base, and it also puts money into the pocket of those most likely to spend it.    Mr. Weiss. In our discussions with business, it is clear that there is significant appetite to invest in Puerto Rico, both to modernize the electricity grid, to provide alternative forms of power generation, to invest in infrastructure. No one will invest in the face of an economic crisis. The crisis needs to be stabilized, and then the significant interest in investing in Puerto Rico will materialize.    Mr. Weiss. For it to be done responsibly, for there to be an ample opportunity for creditors to negotiate in the voluntary process in order for the oversight board to implement its work in a thoughtful way and to provide the transparency of financials that we all seek, it will not happen overnight.    Mr. Weiss. A year and a half, 2 years.    The Chairman. All right, Mr. Cartwright, you are recognized.    Mr. Weiss. No, sir.    Mr. Weiss. Fully agree.    Mr. Weiss. The minimum wage aspect would have to be elected by the Governor. I think the arguments have been clearly stated both by you, Congressman, and by Professor Johnson. The bill in its totality has enormous benefits, though, which in our judgment should stem out-migration if properly implemented.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, just with respect to Argentina, two comments. One, it has taken 15 years to resolve, and throughout that period of time, Argentina has been sidelined from markets. Two, Puerto Rico is not Argentina. It is part of the United States.    We have a choice today between a disorderly process, which will ultimately result in a direct transfer of taxpayer funds in the form of a bailout and this is the----    Mr. Weiss. We are getting close to a point where there is a potential for a bipartisan solution.    Mr. Weiss. And without an agreement, there is a collapse in Puerto Rico.    Mr. Weiss. As soon as this hearing ends, we are going to sit with the Chairman and his staff. We will work through all of our technical edits on this draft, the substantive issues I enumerated in my testimony, and we have to get this done.    Mr. Weiss. The time to act is now. We are past every deadline.    Mr. Weiss. Technical items, restructuring workability, and the other items you mentioned. We can get there if there is a will.    Mr. Weiss. Yes.    Mr. Weiss. Congressman, we believe that we can get there if the good spirit of cooperation on technical items which need to be remedied remains in place and we work quickly and diligently, we believe that we can get to a workable solution. I highlighted three elements in my oral testimony where I think substantial work needs to be done first. There will be a host of other technical issues. But as Congresswoman Velazquez pointed out, we have made a lot of progress.    This is the mayor's term. This is a wise balance. It is tough for the people of Puerto Rico. It is tough for their creditors, some of them. But in the aggregate, it is going to produce the best overall results in our judgment, properly constructed for the people and for the investors.    Mr. Weiss. Congresswoman, it is one of the three elements I highlighted in my oral testimony. I absolutely stand behind the words that I used. But I also expect that it will be among the issues where we can make progress with the committee and with the Chairman and his staff.    Mr. Weiss. The Federal Government borrows on a 10-year basis at 1.75 percent. Puerto Rico is borrowing in excess of 12 percent. In fact, it is not borrowing at all right now because it is shut out. We have three interests: Number one, we believe that the safety and economic well-being of the 3.5 million Americans in Puerto Rico is at stake. Essential services today are being curtailed. Hospitals are being shut and out-migration has accelerated to the extent that 2.5 percent of the Americans in Puerto Rico are now coming into the mainland every year.    We are inextricably bound to Puerto Rico. How they got there is not a topic of today's discussion. There is a long history of mismanagement that extends back decades. But the complexity and extent of this debt crisis is such that it falls on Congress to act in order to set Puerto Rico back on the right path.    Mr. Weiss. Thank you, Congressman.    On the one hand, it is a cascading series of defaults, mounting litigation. The constitutionally-protected debt that is due in July cannot be paid. The moratorium which has been enacted in Puerto Rico will apply in each subsequent repayment instance. In our judgment, chaos will ensue, and the economy will face another lost decade with accelerated out-migration.    Our alternative to that, which involves pain for all sides, but, again, is this wise balance, is to put in place independent fiscal oversight and a restructuring set of tools, both incentives for voluntary negotiations and a fallback in the event that those fail. This is, by far, the best outcome for the people of Puerto Rico, for markets as a whole, as a colleague has attested, and, ultimately, will provide the best recovery for creditors taken as a whole.    Mr. Weiss. There is an element of inevitability around that question. This is the alternative to a bailout.    Mr. Weiss. Puerto Rico is multiples more stressed than any other territory.    Mr. Weiss. The U.S. Virgin Islands ran a referendum as to the viability of a CFO, not even a control board. And by memory--and I ask to verify this with you afterwards--I believe two-thirds or three-quarters of the citizens voted against in that referendum.    Mr. Weiss. The composition of the oversight board has not been determined.    And with respect to your other question, the 2014 prospectus that Mr. Kirpalani described expressly provided that there could be a change in law----    Mr. Weiss. With respect to the other territories, there is an opt-in feature such that the other territories would have to choose through their own democratic process to elect the powers which were described in the article to which you refer.