    Mr. Long. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for being here today. Chairman Wheeler, on July 24, 4 days ago, your agency announced that--granted with conditions approval of the transfer of control licenses and authorizations from DirecTV to AT&T. We hear much about your agency's 180 day shot clock for reviewing such transfers, yet your agency's conditional grant of approval took over twice that amount of time, as you are well aware, over 400 days. I have got some questions that I would like to have answers to. Number one, what is the point of the shot clock?    Mr. Long. Well, on the 170th day of the 180 shot clock your agency stopped it for 3 months. What----    Mr. Long. That was the same thing you are talking about, the court----    Mr. Long . Decision?    Mr. Long. OK. Commissioner Pai, same question to you. Do you have the same opinion on why the shot clock was stopped at the 170th day, or what the benefit of the shot clock is?    Mr. Long. OK. Let me move on. I have got another question here for Chairman Wheeler. 3 days prior to your agency's conditional grant of approval of the transfer, control of license and authorization from DirecTV and AT&T, the Department of Justice announced that, after an extensive investigation, it concluded that the combination of AT&T's land-based Internet video business with DirecTV's satellite-based video business does not pose a significant risk to competition.    Although the Justice Department closed its investigation without imposing any conditions on the transaction, your agency announced that it was imposing a number of conditions to address potential harms presented by the combination of AT&T and DirecTV, despite the Justice Department's view that the combination of the two video businesses did not pose a significant risk to competition. What significant risks to competition did your agency identify that the Justice Department apparently missed?    Mr. Long. And how can----    Mr. Long. How can you say that----    Mr. Long. You have a what?    Mr. Long. You just wanted to see if I was paying attention.    Mr. Long. We have got a red light on our backboard. My 5 minute shot clock has expired, so I will be back for round two.    Mr. Long. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Long. I was very impressed that I got to follow the Chairman for the first time----    Mr. Long. Felt kind of like Sally Field. I thought, they really do like me. Then I looked around and no one else was here, so--Commissioner Pai, I have got a question for you. It has been reported that the Chief of the Enforcement Bureau has acknowledged that many of his cases fall into the legal gray area where companies might not even realize they are doing anything wrong. I know you have raised concerns about this. Can you kind of explain your concerns, and what could be done to address them?    Mr. Long. OK. Thank you. And, Chairman Wheeler and Commissioner Pai, to the two of you, I am curious about the Broadcasters Relocation Fund, and how those monies are going to be spent. The fund is currently at $1.75 billion, as you know, and obviously that fund was set up to pay for all of the relocation costs to the broadcasters you are required by the FCC to move to a new channel as part of the auction. After examining these issues for the last few years, has the FCC determined how many stations it is able to re-pack with that $1.75 billion fund?    Mr. Long. Now, can you give me a ballpark on the number?    Mr. Long. OK. I would----    Mr. Long . Appreciate it. And, Commissioner Pai, same question to you.    Mr. Long. Well, do you have any estimate on the number that the $1.75 billion--that is the number I am trying to get to, how many that would cover?    Mr. Long. OK. Because I have heard some figures, and I have difficulty believing that $1.75 billion will cover the estimated number that they are talking about. So if both of you could get back to me on that, I would appreciate it. And I am going to yield back with a minute 37 to go.