    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    General Brennan, I have an article here from the Los Angeles Times that says, ``after peaking in 2006, total mail handled by the Postal Service has declined 27 percent.'' Is that fairly accurate, and is mail volume still slowly declining?    Mr. Duncan. All right. And do you feel like you have taken every step you can do thus far to adjust to that decline?    Mr. Duncan. I will tell you a little story. About 4 years ago they had an article about me and my dad in the Knoxville News Sentinel, and I got the nicest handwritten letter from Peyton Manning about that article. He said he could tell from that article I had the same kind of relationship with my dad that he has with his dad. Well, 2 or 3 months later my chief of staff saw Peyton Manning one night and told him how much I appreciated that, and he said Peyton Manning told him that his mother told him once that if you wanted to really make an impression on people nowadays, send them a handwritten note or letter. Maybe you should try to get more people to follow the Peyton Manning method of impressing people because it made a big impression on me, I can tell you.    Mr. Duncan. Maybe you should get him to do an ad for you or something.    Mr. Duncan. Let me ask you this. Would it make any difference, or how much of a difference would it make if you went to 5-day-a-week service?    Mr. Duncan. Right.    Mr. Duncan. Many companies in the private sector that had pension plans that they saw they couldn't afford anymore, they stopped giving those pensions to their new hires. Have you considered doing something like that, reducing the pension benefits for new hires, and would that make any difference?    Mr. Duncan. Ms. Rectanus, when you looked at this, these figures are so staggering. I saw some figure that $56 billion in total losses over the last several years or something. What did you find or what do you consider to be the most troubling aspect of the entire financial condition of the Postal Service? What is the worst problem or the biggest problem?    Mr. Duncan. Well, the unfunded liability problem is a problem for the entire Federal Government. It is more than just the Postal Service. It is staggering.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.