    Mr. Wilson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank each of you for being here today.    And, General Keane, I want to thank you for your service on cable news. It is always really so solid, the information you provide; it is so meaningful, and so important to the American people.    It is particularly meaningful to me. I have four sons currently serving in the military of the United States, and every time I see you on the air it is a reminder to me of how capable and competent the American military is. And so I want to thank you for that.    I also would like your input on what suggestions do you have for the AUMF, and what language should there be for the flexibility for our President to be able to lead us to victory?    General Keane. Well, I think the language in the--that we found in the other two AMFs--AUMFs, excuse me, where we are talking about using the appropriate and necessary force, a very short statement to that effect, really is appropriate.    As I stated in oral statement, I don't believe we need, nor should we have, a time constraint in it. Why cast any doubt about our resolve? Why do that?    This administration has a pattern of doing that in the past, as we recognized when the President I think rightfully made the commitment to escalate our forces in Afghanistan. In the same public policy statement he announced the termination of that force, as well. I think that is an unnecessary flag to our enemy about our lack of commitment, and I also think it does much the same with our allies.    So I would avoid that for those reasons. And I do believe that, given the authorities the Congress has and the oversight responsibilities, you can get at this another way.    I would agree with Mr. Chesney that if you kick this thing down the road a little bit, a few more years, then some of that does go away, in terms of the lack of resolve and commitment. But 3 years I think is unacceptable.    The ground force constraint I think has to be absolutely removed because of what we are dealing with. We are facing an enemy that, in the front of us, we have to deal with largely militarily. At the same time we are trying to counter their finances, undermine their ideology, but this right now it is a central military problem.    And we already know that the only way that we can defeat this force is with effective ground operations. So anything in this document that would cast doubt on our ability to conduct decisive and effective ground force operations seems to me to be misguided and it should not be in the document.    I would bow to my--Mr. Wittes on my left knows far more about the intricacies of the legality of this than I do, but I--and the fact that the President would still have the authority even though the appearance of it would be that he does not. I would not want that confusion. I don't want our troops to have that kind of confusion. It doesn't make any sense to me.    And those are the essential issues for me. I am for a President having the latitude to conduct military operations without these constraints on it.    Mr. Wilson. And it does appear to be a limitation on ground troops, but with loopholes, that certainly has to be of concern to the American people.    And, Dean Chesney and Mr. Wittes, it has been indicated that y'all have provided the language for AUMF. Has that been provided to the American people and can you give a summary?    Mr. Wilson. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Garamendi.