    Ms. DeGette. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good news on a bipartisan basis, we are against waste, fraud, and abuse, as usual, in the Medicaid program, and everyplace else. I have been on this subcommittee now 19 years, and we have had a whole series of hearings over the years. And as you accurately point out, Mr. Chairman, it goes from administration to administration, Medicaid seems to be particularly vulnerable to issues like fraud, and we have to continue our oversight. So when you say will we be here again in 2 years? Probably. We will probably be here in 10 years, because this kind of a problem takes ever vigilance by this Committee.    The GAO report we are talking about today tells us that the Medicaid program, like many other large programs, like Medicare, defense contracts, and private insurance plans, experience thousands of improper, and possibly fraudulent, payments every year. Last year CMS found an estimated improper payment rate of 6.7 percent, which amounted to about $17.5 billion for the Medicaid program in 2014.    Now, as I said, and you said, like many other programs, Medicaid fraud is not unique to this Committee. In our report, which was published in 2003, which was 12 years ago, we said, ``Committee hearings last year revealed that the cost of the Medicaid fraud program could exceed $17 billion every year. This year, 2003, the Committee will examine ways in which states could adopt more rigorous enrollment controls to keep unscrupulous providers out of their programs, and improve their program integrity standards.'' And we had laudable efforts since that time. Truly, $17 billion in 2003, and about $17 billion now, even with the Medicaid expansion, that is not something to be proud about, although I guess we should be glad it doesn't seem to be getting a lot worse. Nonetheless, Congress, and the Administration, and the governors all across the country need to focus on improper payments.    There is something exciting, though, that I think may actually make a major difference going forward. Under the Affordable Care Act, a number of important measures were enacted to prevent or reduce improper payments in the Medicaid and Medicare programs. For example, the ACA provided nearly $350 million in new funds for anti-fraud efforts. It provided new authorities to the Secretary of HHS to help shift from a traditional pay and chase model to a preventative approach, by keeping fraudulent suppliers and providers out of the program before they commit fraud. And now we have in place a host of new and enhanced anti-fraud penalties to deter those attempting to improperly bill Medicaid or Medicare. These are important new tools, and I think they can help safeguard the program. I am looking forward to hearing from CMS and GAO on how these efforts are working, and how they expect to build upon efforts to strengthen Medicaid at both the Federal and State levels.    I think it is important to put this discussion of improper payment rates in context with large scale financing of other public and private sector programs. For example, I can cite endless examples of major defense contractors receiving improper payments from the Pentagon. Last year the Washington Post revealed that one company improperly charged the government more than $100 million for services. DOD alone reported it had made $1.1 billion in improper payments for fiscal year 2011.    Overbilling occurs across all sectors of the government, and we have to figure out why that is happening, and how we can strengthen our financial controls across the government to prevent this kind of overpayment and fraud, and find new ways to protect taxpayers. And so I think the GAO does a really important job, both here, in helping strengthen the Medicaid program, and many other places.    I have a lot of questions about the finding and recommendations, some of which may go beyond the scope of the report. For example, and this is in context of the ACA too, the audit relies on data from fiscal year 2011. As we implement these ACA provisions that have gone into place since that time, I would be interested to know, are they really making a difference on the data in the 3 or 4 years since that time? The other issue we need clarification on is the basis of the four states that were chosen for this audit.    So, as I say, I really want to thank the agencies for coming in and helping us. Anything we can do to strengthen the controls to prevent overpayment and fraud is great with me, because the hard working Americans in all 50 states rely on these Medicaid services, and they also rely on the fact that their tax dollars are going to best serve this country. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you. Dr. Agrawal, in March 2011 CMS put into place new requirements for enrolling and re-validating Medicaid providers and suppliers, is that correct?    Ms. DeGette. And the new process separates providers and suppliers into categories of risk, either high, moderate or limited risk for additional screening before enrollment or re-validation in the Medicaid program, is that correct?    Ms. DeGette. And, briefly, how does CMS determine which risk category an individual provider or supplier will be put into?    Ms. DeGette. I see.    Ms. DeGette. Fraud.    Ms. DeGette. OK. And do the states also have to implement screening requirements before they enroll a provider in the Medicaid program?    Ms. DeGette. And those go into effect March 2016, 5 years after the regulation first went into effect, is that right?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Ms. DeGette. Right.    Ms. DeGette. OK. And then, after everything is either validated or re-validated, it has to be re-validated again every 5 years, is that right?    Ms. DeGette. Now, is CMS working with the states to implement these new requirements?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Ms. DeGette. And are the states generally on track with their implementation?    Ms. DeGette. OK.    Ms. DeGette. And so I assume those are the states you are focusing on, trying to get them----    Ms. DeGette. Now, these efforts were not included in the data of the GAO report, which went for 2011 data, is that right?    Ms. DeGette. Yes or no will work.    Ms. DeGette. Thank you. Now, Mr. Bagdoyan, in your written testimony, which you confirmed in your testimony today in the Committee, you said CMS has taken steps since 2011 to make the Medicaid enrollment verification process more data-driven. I am assuming you are talking about some of these implementations that----    Ms. DeGette . Dr. Agrawal is----    Ms. DeGette . Talking about.    Ms. DeGette. Do you think that these steps will help close some of the gaps GAO identified in the report with regard to potentially improper fraudulent payments?    Ms. DeGette. And we have to focus on the ones who are----    Ms. DeGette. Yes.    Ms. DeGette. Now, since 2011, do you agree that CMS has taken measures to address some of these real concerns that you raise in your report, like the deceased providers billing Medicaid, providers with suspended or revoked licenses, and people inappropriately using virtual addresses? Are they working on that now?    Ms. DeGette. I agree.    Ms. DeGette. Yes. I appreciate GAO's sustained work on this issue. Excuse me, that is my child. She programmed my phone to bark when----    Ms. DeGette. Yes. That is my other one. But I am glad that you both agree that the Affordable Care Act has changed the way we prevent and address Medicaid fraud, and I look forward to it. As we said, Mr. Chairman, we are going to be back here in a couple of years, making sure that these ACA requirements have been implemented. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette. Yes.    Ms. DeGette. Now, in fairness, Dr. Agrawal, were you in your job in 2003, in this job?    Ms. DeGette. Mr. Bagdoyan, were you in this job in 2003?    Ms. DeGette. I am going to ask you, because you are with the GAO, has the agency tried to institute new metrics to try to prevent fraud since 2003?    Ms. DeGette. Right, and as----    Ms. DeGette. And as we discussed when I was asking questions, unfortunately, the data that you had for those four states was from 2011, so it didn't reflect some of the preventative efforts that have happened since----    Ms. DeGette. Right, exactly, because you just didn't have the data, right?    Ms. DeGette. And, Dr. Agrawal, do you think that it is a good idea to have fraud? Do you support that? Because I have been listening to these other questioners, they seem to somehow imply that either you personally, or the agency, think that it is acceptable to have fraud.    Ms. DeGette. Why?    Ms. DeGette. Thank you. I yield back.