    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and our ranking member. This really is a really great opportunity to hear from you folks. It has been kind of an eclectic panel I think to say the least, a lot of different things that have been mentioned here.    I might ask just one question. I do want to just make some comments about workforce development more generally, and I do want to kind of throw a question at you folks that may be unfair and probably should be directed more at my colleagues and as we work through this bill and do what we can to make it better eventually. But I was on the Education in the Workforce Committee for 8 years, and we dealt with a lot of these issues on that committee. We passed the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act last year which was the reauthorization of the Workforce Investment Act. There is a huge overlap between what we are talking about today here with respect to the Department of Energy and the various things that have been talked about today and what the Department of Labor does. And I know the Administration is trying to interface some of the agencies and what they do.    And again, Mr. Chair and Ranking Member, this is something I would like to be working with you folks on down the road, sort of how can we get some of these agencies to talk to one another and work together and streamline some of these programs, maybe combine some of the efforts if possible? But I do want to ask, and it is kind of an unfair question, I admit, to all of you, because you are nodding. If you will, Doctor, any thoughts about how we might be able to do that instead of reinventing the wheel every time, having one department do something, have another department do something that might be similar to what that department is doing. Any thoughts about that at all? I know it is throwing you folks for a loop here, and maybe I am doing the same thing to my colleagues.    Mr. Loebsack. I think that would be a great idea.    Mr. Loebsack. Right. And the Department of Energy perhaps----    Mr. Loebsack . In the states.    Mr. Loebsack. Right.    Mr. Loebsack. That is a real possibility.    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you, Mr. Wilson. I appreciate that because again, there are going to be a lot of things. Yes, Doctor?    Mr. Loebsack. Right.    Mr. Loebsack. Right. I think that is great. We have a lot of community colleges in Iowa, and we have got a lot of connections between the community colleges and the wind energy program for example, too, and we can do more with populations who are under-represented in these areas. I have no doubt about that.    And so I am going to look forward to trying to find a way to interface these different departments and the different programs so we can move forward on these issues. And my time is up. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.