    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I do appreciate that.    Let me reference the comments made by Mr. McKinley of West Virginia. We have had hundreds of layoffs in my district alone. Of course, in my neighboring State of West Virginia and Kentucky, there have been thousands, and it has been devastating.    You referenced natural gas in relationship to the closing of some of the coal-fired power plants as one of the factors. Of course, it is one of the factors, but the regulations coming in also, yesterday we closed down the Glen Lyn facility in my district. It was paid for by the ratepayers. Wouldn't cost them any additional. It was only being used at this point for the peak periods. That is now gone. The Clinch River facility in my district had three EGUs, three electric generation power plants. They are converting two of the three over to natural gas, however, the third one is not going to be converted, and the \2/3\ that used to be there will produce about \1/2\ of the electricity.    I am just concerned that in the peak periods of use, now that they are gone, how are they going to be replaced in southwest Virginia and in other parts of the AEP footprint?    Mr. Griffith. And I get that, and that brings up natural gas pipelines. And talking about all of this, and they are building them in my district, with great opposition from many people who don't like the pipeline concept. They are also building them in a district just north of mine. Pipelines are going everywhere. But I noticed in the QER you note the need for pipeline replacements for existing pipelines, and that you suggest a DOE-run grant program designed to allow states to receive funds to aid in improvements to pipeline infrastructure. I support improving our current system for existing pipelines, and I am interested in learning more about the details. What new authorities do you all think you need at DOE, or do you want at DOE in order to create this program, and will you be providing language to the committee so that we can see about putting that into the appropriate bill? How do you envision the DOE replacement program working? How would the funding get to the existing states? Would it be the existing funding or are you going to come up with new funding? Where is the money going to come from? What is the timeline, and how would the states apply, et cetera? I throw all those out at you at once. I will be glad to go back and review them but I don't want my time to run out.    Mr. Griffith. And as we transition then and we use more natural gas, then it would seem that at some point that funding is going to have to come forward, which means it is going to be passed on to the ratepayer, and yet another expense added on to one of their energy bills.    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.    All right, I will take anybody who can answer this, and I suspect it will be Mr. Grumet or Ms. Cassady, or Ms. Hammond.    Are you all familiar with the regulations relating to production of electricity in Mexico by coal? And no is a fine answer. If you don't know, you don't know. Nobody knows. Because the reason I ask that question is it is part of our proposal here, and one that I am interested in, has electric transmission facilities, it is not just pipelines. And one of my concerns is that we are putting coalminers out of work in Appalachia. Like Lancaster, down our way it is not Appalachia, it is Appalachia, and we are putting coalminers out of work in Appalachia, but if we allow electric transmission lines to cross over from Mexico using not-as-good a coal, with not-as-good a process, in not-as-clean plants, what gain have we made environmentally? And I think this is a case where, while Ms. Cassady and I are not going to agree on much, we might actually agree on that, that that ought to be a concern.    Mr. Grumet, do you have any thoughts on that at all?    Mr. Griffith. Well----    Mr. Griffith. And I certainly don't mind lifting up the Mexican system, but I am reminded of the old NASA study that shows it takes 10 days for the air to get from the middle of the Gobi Desert to the eastern shore of Virginia, so if we are going to eliminate coal, waiting another 30 or 40 years on Asia just really means we are putting our people out of work and we are not really doing that much for the overall northern hemisphere----    Mr. Griffith . Air.    Mr. Griffith. And I agree with you completely. We can do more and we should do more. I look forward to working with you on clean coal technologies.    I yield back.