    Chairman Babin. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time.    I'd like to welcome everyone today to the hearing entitled ``An Overview of the Budget Proposal for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration for Fiscal Year 2017.''    And I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    The first and perhaps most important point that I want to make today is that NASA is a worthwhile investment for the taxpayer and for our nation. Space is as important to our future as were the frontiers of land, sea, and air that we faced in the past. NASA's mission to explore outer space and to use outer space for the benefit of our nation and for mankind is an endeavor worthy of a great nation, which we are.    NASA as an agency, its employees, and contractors deserve our praise. I represent the 36th District of Texas and the home of the Johnson Space Center. I can say from personal experience talking with the folks out at Johnson that, regardless of the budgetary and policy differences in Congress and within the Administration, they are very passionate and are dedicated to NASA's mission.    Unfortunately, this Administration has once again done a disservice to NASA, its employees, and our nation by providing a budget request that ignores the budget agreement, requesting mandatory funding for NASA. I had hoped that the Administration would demonstrate leadership by proposing a realistic budget, but instead, we were presented with a list of unfunded priorities.    The Administration has also once again disregarded the priorities of previous bipartisan NASA funding bills that the President signed. For example, even if we include the so-called mandatory budget request, the budget proposal cuts the Space Launch System, or SLS, and Orion crew capsule by $840 million and the Planetary Science Division by $133 million. Without the mandatory funding, SLS and Orion are cut by $1 billion. Planetary Science is cut by $261 million. This is not acceptable. This is a budget that takes our human spaceflight program nowhere fast. This budget undermines our space program and diverts critical funding to lower-priority items.    I have been, and continue to be, concerned that the support in Congress and at NASA for the SLS and Orion programs is not matched by the Administration. The Administration consistently requests large reductions for these programs despite the insistence of Congress that they be priorities. Orion and SLS are strategic national assets and must be sufficiently funded.    Proposed cuts to the Planetary Science Division are equally disturbing. The pipeline for outer-planet missions has been woefully under-prioritized. It is critical that our nation maintain a robust outer-planet exploration program.    Already, the effects of this diminished cadence are being felt. To keep their staff employed, planetary science institutions increasingly seek funding from foreign space agencies to compensate for the lack of projects. This results in transference of valuable skills and knowledge out of the United States to countries like China. Experienced planetary scientists are also transitioning to other fields, while young scientists are choosing to not enter the field at all, gutting our national capacity in planetary science. This is disturbing and unacceptable and just plain bad for America from many viewpoints.    It is important that NASA maintains a balanced portfolio of science activities. Unfortunately, year after year, this Administration has requested disproportionate increases for Earth science activities, activities that are already funded by more than a dozen other federal agencies. This year, the President's proposal seeks to increase the science budget by $111 million, a six percent increase. This amounts to a 70 percent increase since 2007. If this money had been put toward our human spaceflight program, I don't think that we would be spending hundreds of millions on Russian launch services.    The request also dilutes NASA's existing Earth science research portfolio by conducting other agencies' work. It is developing climate sensors for NOAA and land-imaging capabilities for USGS. While NASA certainly has the expertise to do this work, they don't have the budget or the requirements. NOAA is tasked with maintaining operational climate measurements, and USGS is tasked to maintain Landsat measurements. This budget makes NASA the piggy bank for other agencies. That must end.    If NASA is tasked to do other agency's work, it should do so on a reimbursable basis, as it does successfully for other programs such as the Joint Polar Satellite System and the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite System.    Our nation has been spacefaring since 1958, only 58 years. And while we have accomplished great things in these 58 years, there is so much more to learn and to discover and to put to practical use for the benefit of our nation and all mankind. But we as a nation will not be leading this journey unless we adequately fund NASA's human spaceflight and planetary science missions.    Other nations, such as China, are working overtime to displace American and become the global leader in space exploration. The consequences of America getting it right or wrong are not immediate, but they are enormous. The rules are going to be made by those countries that are on the surface of the moon and Mars, not those that have stayed home.    I want to thank Administrator Bolden for his testimony, and I look forward to a robust discussion. Thank you.    Chairman Babin. And now, I recognize the Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Maryland, for an opening statement.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Ms. Edwards.    I now recognize the Chairman of our full committee, Mr. Smith.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I concur.    I now recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. Johnson of the full committee, for a five minute statement.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    They have called votes, so we're going to move right along here.    I'd like to introduce our first and our only witness today, and that is Hon. Charles F. Bolden, Jr. General Bolden has been the Administrator of NASA since 2009, and he's a man who has devoted his entire career in service to our country, and I thank him for that.    Prior to becoming Administrator, General Bolden served for 34 years in the Marine Corps, including 14 years as a member of NASA's Astronaut Office. General Bolden has traveled to orbit four times aboard the space shuttle, including the flight the deployed the Hubble Space Telescope. General Bolden has several honorary doctorates from a variety of prestigious universities and received his bachelor's in electrical science from the U.S. Naval Academy.    I would add that General Bolden and I share the honor of having our sons graduate from the U.S. Naval Academy as well. His son Che is a Naval aviator currently, and my son Leif was a Navy SEAL.    Now, let's hear from General Bolden for the next five minutes. Thank you, General.    Hon. Bolden. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much. And to you and the Members of the Committee, it is indeed a pleasure and an honor to discuss with you today President Obama's $19 billion fiscal year 2017 budget request for NASA.    And as I had to do the day before yesterday, I want to make sure that my position is not mischaracterized by the Chairman and others. This is my budget, and I had to battle----    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir, thank you. I appreciate you very, very much.    And we stand adjourned--excuse me. We stand in recess until five minutes after this vote, okay?    Chairman Babin. No, don't go anywhere, General. All right.    Chairman Babin. I would like to call us back to order after our recess and again thank General Bolden for his testimony.    And now I'd like to recognize myself for five minutes of questions.    And again, thank you for being here, General Bolden. I'd like to ask you a question about the budget, of course. The former space shuttle commander Eileen Collins was testifying before our committee probably less than, what, three weeks ago maybe about the decision to cancel the Constellation program. That was not made by NASA at all but by the White House. She said, ``I believe the program cancellation decisions that are made by bureaucracies behind closed doors and without input by the people are divisive, damaging,'' and she said ``cowardly, and many times more expensive in the long run.'' Similar complaints of White House meddling with NASA's programs counter to NASA's own program managers surrounds the SOFIA telescope aircraft, the Orion crew vehicle, Space Launch System, and various Mars missions.    The point here is that this White House ignores NASA's input but then tells you and your Associate Administrators to defend their decisions before Congress. And as you mentioned a while ago, maybe it's not just all of his decisions. That's what we'd like to find out.    Did the White House consult you about this idea to fund NASA through mandatory spending accounts?    Hon. Bolden. No, sir, they did not, but we had extensive discussions after we saw the budget and--because I asked the question of what's the difference when I had my conversation or at least passing words between me and the OMB Director, I was assured that our budget is $19 billion. And so if you ask me to define for you what the difference is between mandatory and discretionary, I'm going to take it for the record----    Chairman Babin. Right.    Hon. Bolden. --because my budget is $19 billion.    Chairman Babin. Okay. And then without this mandatory spending, it looks like the White House's proposed budget for NASA is about $1 billion less than Congress appropriated last year, which was $19.2 billion. The White House is wasting everyone's time with its mandatory spending proposal and trying to obfuscate that they're proposing to cut NASA's budget by $1 billion. A continuing resolution would be better than this request. And why are you advocating a cut to NASA?    Hon. Bolden. Mr. Chairman, I'm not advocating a cut to NASA. We are advocating a $19 billion budget, and to be quite honest, the reason it wasn't $19.3 billion was because we had no idea that the '16 budget was going to be $19.3 billion. As I said before, we were all startled pleasantly to receive a $19.3 billion budget from the Congress. Had we had to pass our final numbers in prior to--had we had the benefit of knowing what the '16 budget was going to be, we would have asked for even more.    But as I said before, I am very happy with the $19 billion settlement that we came up with in our negotiations with the Administration. And, you know, I think there are many other things that had to be compensated for, and that's the reason that I think they chose to use mandatory and discretionary.    There are some things that we didn't count on last year, dealing with the census, dealing with some of our partners, for example, dealing with refugees. There are a lot of different issues that come up that come from the discretionary spending pool, and so, you know, the President has really tried to push research and development, technology development from the moment he became President, and this represented a way to do that.    And I think if you look at what is in the mandatory section, it is mostly technology development, engineering type things, whether it's in human exploration, science, or anywhere.    Chairman Babin. I understand, but with a nearly $20 trillion national debt, and the biggest problem being mandatory spending side of spending, that's a tough nut to crack.    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Chairman Babin. And I'd like to ask you about SLS and Orion. In this year's budget request the Administration continues to play the game of back-and-forth with Congress on SLS and Orion funding, negatively impacting the schedule for getting American astronauts back into deep space exploration.    NASA is formally committed to launch the first crewed mission of SLS and Orion known as EM-2 no later than 2023. The fiscal year 2017 request funds this commitment. At the same time, NASA says that it is internally planning for an EM-1 launch in 2021. Why doesn't NASA simply request funding for a 2021 launch date?    Hon. Bolden. Mr. Chairman, the funds that we requested and came in the President's budget request support our detailed estimate of how much it would cost and what the time would be to fly the first human mission in SLS and Orion, and that is 2023, utilizing a process that we call joint confidence level process, and it gives us a 70 percent confidence that our numbers are correct. So when we went through the formal process of evaluating based on what we assume the budget might be, that's how we came up with the 2023 time.    The Congress, when they appropriated more than was requested, that's the number that we use when we say we're working an internal number. You know, if the Congress decides that they want to plus SLS up every year, you would be on a path to an earlier launch. And the earlier launch, I don't know what that date would be, but it would be earlier than the President's budget request number.    Chairman Babin. Okay. Thank you very much.    I'd like to recognize the gentlewoman from Maryland, please, for----    Chairman Babin. That is happening.    Hon. Bolden. --that's helping to look at levees and dams and the like to detect where there may be leaks so that we can warn a community if--you know, we don't do the warning but we provide the data to the state and local leaders so that they can make decisions.    We've been credited with contributing to saving thousands of lives In Bangladesh last year with SMAP because it predicted it would--it enabled us to predict floods--flooding in the annual rains in Bangladesh. So those are concrete examples of how our Earth science program is not just a national program, it is an international program highly respected and counted on by nations around the world.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Ms. Edwards.    Let's see. The next one is Mr. Rohrabacher, the gentleman from California.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    And I'd like to recognize the gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Johnson.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    I'd now like to recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Brooks.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir, thank you. I'd now like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Knight.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    I'd now like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Bera. He's not here? Okay.    Mr. Perlmutter from Colorado.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    I'd now like to recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you.    I think we've got enough time for us to go back through one more time. Or do we--did somebody just come in? Yes, we've got every--I think everybody has already asked question, but let's go back through one more time and let's may be limit it to about two minutes if that's okay.    So my question would be on the mandatory spending, and I'd like to--everybody to know the implications of this. And I'm just wondering if the President and the Administration and you are fully aware because I heard you mention a while ago whether it's mandatory or discretionary, it doesn't matter to you, you just want the money, but as us, as Members of Congress, I would like for you to be fully aware of the consequences for tapping into mandatory spending.    The budget request includes funding derived from mandatory spending such as--and this will be--let me just tell you, Social Security, Medicaid, Medicare, they're subject to the PAYGO rule, which means that any new entitlement program must be accompanied by a corresponding cut to an existing entitlement or an increase in taxes. In other words, we've got to pay for this.    In order to pay for NASA's entitlement spending, the President's budget request calls for skyrocketing tax increases across the board, as well as cuts to Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid. And other proposed cuts include reduction to student loans, their program, unemployment insurance, and veterans' benefits. It would also create new fees for farmers, hunters, air travelers, increase military health care copayments, and federal employee health care and retirement costs. It would increase the cost of our Postal Service, mail, reduce U.S. postal services. These proposals would increase the cost of every American's electricity bill, as well as the price they pay at the pump.    Just a few months ago Congress fully funded NASA at $19.28 billion without any budget gimmicks, tax increases, or entitlement cuts, and now the President is requesting a $1 billion cut to NASA and discretionary spending and asking for pie-in-the-sky tax increases, cuts to mandatory benefits, and increased entitlements with this mandatory side.    Why should Americans agree to this budget request when NASA would receive more money under a CR, continuing resolution, without any of the pain that this budget request would cause? And I would invite you to please look at the President's budget right here and take a look at table S-9, page 129 of the President's budget. We will have nine pages of tax increases and billions of dollars in cuts to programs that are already there or increases in taxes.    So why should Americans agree to this budget request, when we have more money under the proposed CR and not have any of the pain that this budget request would cause?    Hon. Bolden. Mr. Chairman, I'm not a budgeteer.    Chairman Babin. Okay.    Hon. Bolden. I don't----    Chairman Babin. Well, I just wanted you to know----    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Chairman. Babin. --okay, because we have to look at this. When it says mandatory spending, there are implications. There are consequences to this, and the consequences--you're a veteran.    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Chairman Babin. That's just one little aspect of some of the consequences that it would hit veterans.    Hon. Bolden. Mr. Chairman, I would--if I may, I would say one thing----    Chairman Babin. Sure.    Hon. Bolden. --and that was when we started the budget process, we started several billion dollars below where we are because we were told that sequester is still a possibility. And it still is a possibility. It is not off the table, and that's something that I think the budgeteers at least, you know, when I talk to my guys, they are--they always remind me, you know, we do have this thing called sequester. So in defense of the budgeteers, I think they're trying to work with the Congress and find a way to get that. It's a limit, but it can be solved somehow.    Chairman Babin. Right.    Hon. Bolden. I don't know how to do that.    Chairman Babin. Okay.    I now recognize the gentlewoman, Ms. Edwards from Maryland.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    I'll now recognize Mr. Posey from Florida.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    Let's see. Now, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you. And I believe Mr. Perlmutter, the gentleman from Colorado.    Chairman Babin. Thank you. And this really concludes our hearing, and it's been an excellent hearing. And I want to thank the witness, General Charlie Bolden, for your long illustrious career and your leadership of NASA. And I want to thank you on behalf of the entire Committee. I'd also like to thank the Committee Members for their very informative and great questions.    So with that, this hearing is adjourned.    Hon. Bolden. Thank you, sir.