    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to point out, in regard to the impact of Dodd-Frank on small banks, that Harvard found that small banks lost 6 percent of their share of industry assets during the financial crisis, but since Dodd-Frank they've lost 12 percent. So I do think that validates that we're losing community banks as a result of Dodd-Frank. I think Frank Keating, the president of the American Bankers Association, said we're losing one bank a day, 7 days a week.    So it is a problem, and particularly in context to the answer you gave Mr. Carter about how many new banks the FDIC approved last year. Did you say one?    Mr. Palmer. That is problematic for a lot of us who represent rural counties, and I think practically all of us in Congress have some rural counties. I grew up in a rural community, and our community bank was extremely important to us.    Let me ask you this. Why have you been able to approve--why have you been unable to approve the creation of more community banks? What's the holdup?    Mr. Palmer. I don't disagree that the economic conditions are a part of the problem. But I think one of the reasons that our economy--for instance, our economy has grown 1.55 percent over the last 8 years. The 70-year average is 3 percent. You want to talk about something that's unprecedented.    And I think a large part of that is due to the regulatory environment. We've seen record numbers of proposed rules. I think 2011 was somewhere north of 84,000. That record was broken in 2015. I think we'll probably break that record again this year. I think we're on pace for that, maybe. And as has been pointed out already, I think the biggest uptick in hiring in banks has been people to comply with regulations.    And one of the things that we've got to do in this, I think, in trying to help our banks, but also to help the economy, is untangle them from all these regulations.    Let me ask you this. If the FDIC is open to accepting new bank applications, where in the field is the breakdown occurring? And are your field examiners or other senior staff meeting with potential applicants expressing other concerns?    Mr. Palmer. Well, one of the things that interests me in this. FDIC routinely uses financial institutional letters to announce changes for de novo banks. Stakeholders are unable to comment on these. And why does the FDIC choose to utilize a financial institutional letter and then not give stakeholders the opportunity to come in? You know, that might be a way to improve the application process.    Mr. Palmer. Don't you think more participation by the folks who are interested in starting a bank would be helpful?    Mr. Browning, if I may, I'd like to ask you a question. Did you participate in any meetings prior to your filing with the FDIC, and would a meeting like that have been helpful?    Mr. Palmer. Did you receive any communications from the FDIC, you know, on why they would not accept your application?    Mr. Palmer. So you had trouble getting any clear communications that would have helped you in your process?    Mr. Palmer. If I may, Mr. Chairman, just one more question.    It's my understanding the FDIC does not track prefile meetings because these are optional. Is that correct?    Mr. Palmer. And if it is, why aren't you documenting this?    Mr. Palmer. I hope you will. I hope you will implement that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.