    Admiral Neffenger. Thank you, and good afternoon Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, distinguished Members of the subcommittee, and thank you for the opportunity to testify on my vision for answering these concerns and evolving the Transportation Security Administration.    As you noted, Mr. Chairman, TSA was founded from crisis, and has continued to evolve throughout its existence. Careful and sustained oversight by Congress, and audits by the Inspector General and GAO are critical elements of this process, and I am a strong supporter of such. I thank you for the support each of you has provided in exercising that oversight. I also want to thank Inspector General Roth for identifying areas for improvement in TSA. I met with him prior to my confirmation and met with him again during my first month as administrator to relay the seriousness with which I take his work. His team has been invaluable in helping us to identify the root causes of the recent covert testing results, and I thank him for his encouraging assessment of our new direction.    That direction is a reflection of my vision on how we approach the continuing evolution of TSA. As you noted, I am now 3 months into the job, and during that time, I have traveled to about 15 airports and numerous Federal Air Marshal offices across the country. I have also visited our partners in the United Kingdom, France, and the Netherlands, and I met with our stakeholders from the airlines, travel industry, and airport operators from major airports, including Los Angeles, Atlanta, Dallas, and Chicago. I have also been engaging with surface stakeholders and passenger rail and light rail both here and in Europe.    Throughout all of these visits, I have been thoroughly impressed with the professionals who occupy our ranks. I am speaking specifically of our front-line transportation security officers. In addition to our air marshals, our inspectors, and other employees, each of whom swore an oath to serve their Nation in a mission that encounters nearly 2 million travelers a day in the aviation sector alone. I have been impressed with the collaboration I have seen across the transportation enterprise and I am pleased that the range of capabilities our Federal, State, and local partners bring to bear across every sector.    These complex systems require that we systematically examine them and consider them as a whole; that we integrate this wide range of public and private capabilities, that we benchmark and apply best practices across the enterprise, and that we seek global consistency.    I can assure you that as we move forward, we remain an intelligence-driven, risk-based counterterrorism agency with a well-defined statement of mission, clear and unequivocal standards of performance, training, and resourcing that enabled the workforce to achieve success, and a relentless pursuit of excellence and accountability.    We will conduct counterterrorism operations with discipline and competence. We will invest in deliberately developing our workforce, and we will field advance capabilities responsive to a pervasive and dynamic threat. We have a no-fail mission, one for which the consequences of a successful attack overwhelm the risk equation and for which we must ensure we deliver mission success.    My immediate priority is to pursue solutions to the recent covert testing failures and I believe we are making significant progress in doing so. In response to the IG's findings, we have implemented an action plan to ensure leadership accountability, improve alarm resolution, increase effectiveness and deterrence, increase threat testing, and strengthen our procedures.    We have also responded vigorously to Secretary Johnson's 10-point plan to review and assess screening operations, including training for the entire screening workforce, testing and improving the technology, and implementing these new procedures. We will continue to implement this plan of action and provide regular updates to you and to the Secretary.    Of utmost concern is determining root causes for the failures noted. Our conclusion is that the screening effectiveness challenges were not merely a performance problem, nor were they a failure of the advanced imaging technology. Indeed, this technology has greatly enhanced our ability to detect threats and it continues to perform to expected standards when deployed and used properly.    Strong drivers of the problem, however, include leadership focus, environmental influences, and gaps in system design and processes along with a disproportionate focus on efficiency and speed in screening operations rather than security and effectiveness. These powerfully influenced organizational culture and officer performance. As a result, there was significant pressure to clear passengers quickly at the risk of not diligently resolving alarms.    Our analysis also revealed our officers did not fully understand the capabilities and limitations of the equipment and several procedures were inadequate to resolve alarms. We have trained our officers to understand and use the equipment properly and we have corrected our procedures. Solutions require a renewed focus on security, streamlined effective procedures, investments in technology, and realistic, consistent, standardized training along with a new balance between effectiveness and efficiency. We must support our officers as they perform their duties.    We will continue to partner with our airlines and other members of the travel and airport industry to ensure that we can reduce stress on the checkpoint and we will right-size and re-source TSA appropriately. Our near-term solutions will halt further reductions in officer staffing to support our revised screening efforts, provide consistent high-quality training at a centralized location, and enhance our technology.    Our Mission Essentials Training conducted over the past 2 months with every front-line officer and leader across TSA has helped to reset our focus on security effectiveness, and most critically, has enhanced our officers' knowledge of the screening systems that they operate.    I refer repeatedly how valuable this information is to our officers. I need to now extend that into our new-hire training across the country. We need greater consistency and efficiency in its delivery, and we must do more to establish a professional foundation that is required of a high-performing counterterrorism organization.    As such, I am committed to expanding our existing TSA Academy at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center and plan to send all new-hire TSOs to basic training beginning in January 2016. Centralized training in a formal, professional academy ensures consistency and professionalism, produces greater enthusiasm, increased confidence and skills, and connectedness to a common agency culture and focus on mission.    We must ensure the appropriate measures of effectiveness are in place to drive an institutional focus on our primary mission. We must employ a culture of operational evolution, one that constantly reassesses assumptions, plans, and processes, so we are able to rapidly field new concepts of operation and we must deliver an effective system and earn the confidence of the traveling public through competence, discipline, performance, and professionalism.    We face a critical turning point in evolving TSA, both to address these recent findings and begin our investment in a strategic approach to securing the transportation sector. As such, I am committed to ensuring that we do so, that we employ multiple elements in intelligence-driven operations, while discarding a one-size-fits-all approach that we recruit and retain a highly-trained workforce, with accountability and high standards of performance.    Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, we have an incredible challenge ahead of us, but I know that TSA is up to the task. I thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, and I look forward to your questions.    Admiral Neffenger. Yes, thank you. With respect to that, so I have got some good news to report. We actually get access to a whole host of information in databases now that allow us to do--and actually, we always had access to terrorist screening database, and databases with known or suspected terrorist information in it.    Some of which you are referring to are some categories within what is called the terrorist information datamart environment. It is just a big database where this was information that may or may not be sufficient to directly tie somebody to a known or suspected terrorist, or identify them as such, or there might be partial information. Those are the categories that we had, you know, one-by-one, or case-by-case access to, but not automated access. So we have asked for that automated access and we are working through the interagency to achieve that.    We have also dramatically improved our oversight of the airport vetting environment. So as you know, we still vet the folks who are applying for secure access badges. But to the Inspector General's point, we had not been overseeing the collection of information and the maintenance of the data in doing regular audits of that. We are doing that now directly as a result of the Inspector General's findings.    So I think that we are moving forward in a good way on getting information. I share your concern that we have access to as much information as we need to have access to in order to fully vet people who we put into trusted environments, given what we have already known about what has happened in some of the airport environments across the country. I think that we made good progress.    I have met with my counterparts in the intelligence community, and I have been sitting--I met with the National security staff and the senior directors for trans-border and others to make clear my priorities, and so far I have been getting good results from that.    Miss Rice. Great, thank you both very much.    Admiral Neffenger. Well, you know, Mr. Thompson, you really hit on a key concern, and that is how do you get beyond today's security systems and look towards the future and evolve fast enough to meet what we know to be an evolving threat environment? I think there are a couple of things we need to do.    First of all, I would like to see more robust competition in the marketplace. Right now we are tied to a couple of key vendors. They have done good work and they produced some good equipment for us, but I would like to see even more competition. I would like to incentivize more. I think there is a lot of creativity in the private sector and I think there is a lot of innovation in the private sector.    I have got some thoughts on ways in which we can incentivize that competition to include small business competition because I think that some of the small businesses out there are doing some of the most innovative work that we have.    The second piece is to have a clear understanding of what the threat is so that when we develop the requirements that we need for the equipment that we are looking for, that those requirements are expansive and robust; that we don't just look to buy the next thing on the shelf that looks like it might do the job, but that you have got to really start--I will back up a moment because it speaks to some of the points that each of you have made with respect to focus on mission.    You really have to start with the mission. It is not just enough to say my mission is secure. You have to say, well, what does that mean? What are the components of my mission? So you have to do a true analysis of the mission. I say this sincerely, I start every day by thinking about the mission and I work backwards from there and I think, what does it take to accomplish this mission? What are the requirements we need to--if you are sitting at a checkpoint, what does that checkpoint have to actually do? What is the nature of the threats that might present themselves at the checkpoint? How might you determine those threats? How might they be presented? In what manner can they be presented? All of the different variations of that. That is a very complex process to do that, but you have to do it, and you have got to dissect that mission down to the--down to the details.    Then you can begin to put out requirements that I think we can--we will see much more robust response to that. In the mean time, I want to make sure that the equipment that we currently operate is operating to its peak. So we are working to get the most out of the current equipment as we look to move the next technology in.    Admiral Neffenger. You know, I don't know the answer to that question exactly, because I am looking at the very medical guidelines right now. I know that they have over the past year, before I became confirmed, I know that we had been working on updating the standards for medical guidelines. Here is what I believe to be the case. That I think that there are different categories of medical guidelines depending upon the type of work that you have to do in the organization.    For example, I believe that there are certain physical standards you have to be able to meet in order to perform the duties as a baggage check person that may or may not be the same standards that you have to hold if you are an employee at TSA headquarters.    Admiral Neffenger. But I will verify it for you.    Admiral Neffenger. I will do that.    Admiral Neffenger. Yes, sir, thank you, Mr. Keating.    Perimeter security, as you know, one of the things that was requested right in the aftermath of the Atlanta issue was a look by the Aviation Security Advisory Committee at vulnerabilities across the airport system. I think that provided a very good series of issues to address as well as some strong recommendations and we have been working to, first of all, to think about how to implement those, and then to take a good solid look at the system.    So it actually is a significant priority of ours to ensure perimeter security. I share your same concerns with it. So what have we done? I have ordered a look at all of the airports across the country.    I want to know from top to bottom, you know, what have we done with respect to perimeter security, including access control points, how those access control points are maintained, and then what do we do to actually ensure the safety and security of the perimeter itself? What is the nature of the perimeter, and how consistently is it enforced around? So that is a fairly large undertaking, and I haven't seen the results of that request yet.    The other thing I am doing is putting more effort into that oversight piece. We have legislative authority to do that oversight whether you are dealing with a local airport authority, a local municipality, or a large aviation concern. All of it falls under the purview, and I think that there are--you can set clear performance standards for how that is done.    So the first is to assess what the current state really is as opposed to----    Admiral Neffenger. Well, I understand your frustration so we are doing that right now. Let me get you an actual time frame so that I--because I don't want to promise something I can't deliver on a certain time, but I can commit to you is that it is happening right now and I have asked the same question.    I am very concerned about the same issue, I want you to understand. Because that system is important. Let's say you get the checkpoint 100 percent right. There are more vulnerabilities in the aviation system than the checkpoint.    Admiral Neffenger. I will get back to you on the exit lane question as well, sir.