    Mr.  Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ranking Member Cleaver, for today's hearing.    And Ranking Member Waters, thank you for your leadership on this.    And, Mr. Ross, who has now left, I thank him as well for his cooperation, working in a bipartisan manner to make some progress here.    And I very much appreciate the input of all the panelists today, the witnesses, for this important discussion, hearing all your comments, all your thoughts.    The bottom line is, how can we provide more affordable flood insurance options for people all across the country? This legislation that we are discussing, the Flood Insurance Market Parity and Modernization Act, which I have sponsored with my good friend and fellow Floridian, Mr. Ross, aims to do just that.    This Act would provide more choice, greater competition, and less cost in the flood insurance market. It would accelerate the development of more flood insurance options by allowing policies accepted by the State to satisfy mandatory coverage requirements under the NFIP.    Now, when Congress passed the National Flood Insurance Act, its intention was that insurance companies would provide flood insurance coverage for the American people. And when the legislation that was recently updated under the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, that intention was, in fact, reaffirmed.    However, due to the, I would say, lack of legal clarity on the particulars of the insurance policies allowed into the program, most lenders have not accepted private flood insurance to meet mandatory coverage requirements.    This bill would solve this problem by providing a simple and clear definition of private flood insurance accepted for the mandatory coverage under the program, consistent with the successful regulation of other forms of insurance in the marketplace--that which is issued by an insurance company licensed, admitted, or otherwise approved to engage in the business of insurance in the State in which the property is located.    I believe there will always be a need for the NFIP, but there is more than enough flood risk out there that can be written right now by the private insurers that are willing to do so, whose capability will only continue to advance with the growth of new technology and modeling.    Ensuring access to private flood insurance choices will help reduce the risks to which taxpayers are exposed under the Federal program. And especially because flood insurance coverage is mandatory in many areas, customers need more competition and options in the flood market to make it more affordable.    So I ask that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle support this legislation to give our people, our constituents more choice, greater competition, and ultimately less costs when it comes to flood insurance.    I came to Congress, as did most of us here, to work with everyone, no matter what the party affiliation, and to solve problems. I think this legislation is one example of an area we can actually make some progress in this last year of this Administration, and I urge my colleagues to do so.    In my remaining time, a question for Mr. Kelley: One topic of discussion that we had in this conversation, writing this legislation dealt with surplus lines and their role in this. Approximately how many surplus lines, if you know off the top of your head, flood insurance policies, in Florida have been accepted for the purposes of NFIP mandatory purchase?    Mr.  Murphy. Okay.    Mr. Birnbaum, in your opinion, how does this differ from homeowners insurance? Both seem to be intended for the same thing, where that is protecting the loan in an event of a disaster. How do you see the difference?    Mr.  Murphy. Thank you.