    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank all the witnesses for coming today. This is an enormously important discussion we are having.    We heard from you, Mr. Harris, and particularly from you, Mr. Judd, some really vivid testimony about the level of violence that we're seeing connected with the border and the level of criminal that we're seeing at the border; but really Chairman Chaffetz called this hearing in large measure to talk about whether we ought to close those three consulates that he discussed.    And actually my colleague, Mr. Mica, is calling for the closure of all nine consulates in Mexico. What I didn't get from you, Mr. Harris, or you, Mr. Judd, was the nexus between that discussion and the discussion of the level of violence that you've been talking about. How does it cut, starting with you, Mr. Harris, how would closing these three consulates that Chairman Chaffetz is talking about, how would that cut on the violent situation there?    Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Judd?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. So that's kind of a separate discussion that you gentlemen are giving us, but I appreciate your coming, and those are sobering comments that both of you gave us.    In February of this year, in fact, right at the time of the spike of the violence at Matamoros area, I spent some time with my dear friend and colleague, Congressman Filemon Vela in Texas. In fact, we were right across the border from Matamoros at the time in February. I met with individuals from CBP who work tirelessly to make sure that our border is secure, most notably, and something that almost never gets mentioned, is keeping our borders secure from insects that would infiltrate our American crops. And I thank you for all the work in that regard.    I witnessed how vitally important our trade relationship is with Mexico. The U.S. is Mexico's largest foreign investor. More than 18,000 U.S. companies operate in Mexico. My State of Pennsylvania exports $3.44 billion worth of goods to Mexico every year, so that accounts to 246,400 Pennsylvania jobs, so this is a subject of interest to me.    On my trip I learned about the role of the maquiladoras, the factories where Mexican workers assemble products for foreign companies. Most are U.S.-owned or subsidiaries and employ American managers and engineers, many of whom work in the Mexican maquiladoras as managers, middle managers by day, and then come back over the border to places like McAllen, Texas, where they live.    Our working relationship with Mexico is enormously important to our economic security; and as I witnessed, the work of the consulates is vital to that mission. Ms. Saarnio in your testimony you recognize the importance of the bilateral relationship between the U.S. And Mexico. You stated, ``Two-Way trade topped $500 billion in 2014, with 80 percent of that crossing the U.S.-Mexico land border.'' Ms. Saarnio, how do U.S. consulates facilitate our trade relationship with Mexico?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, ma'am. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.