    Mr. Turner. The subcommittee will come to order to receive testimony concerning the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, the JSF, program. I want to welcome our panel of distinguished witnesses, Dr. Michael Gilmore, Director of Operational Test and Evaluation ; Dr. Michael J. Sullivan, Director of Acquisition and Sourcing, Government Accountability Office , and a good southwest Ohioan; the Honorable Sean Stackley, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition; and Lieutenant General Christopher C. Bogdan, F-35 Program Executive Officer.    Because we were held up for votes, I am going to enter my statement for the record, if there is no objection.    Mr. Turner. And we will also enter Ms. Sanchez's statement in for the record, and we will proceed right to the statements of our witnesses.    Mr. Turner. I believe we will start with Dr. Gilmore.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Sullivan.    Mr. Turner. General Bogdan.    General Bogdan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Turner, distinguished members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to address the committee regarding the F-35 program. My purpose here today is to provide you a balanced assessment of where the program stands. That means I will tell you the good, the bad, and the ugly about the program, and tell you what my team is doing to reduce costs on the program and improve the F-35's performance and meet our scheduled commitment.    Overall, the F-35 program is executing fairly well across the entire spectrum of acquisition, to include development and design, flight test, production, fielding, base stand-up, maintenance and support, and building a global sustainment enterprise. The program is at a pivot point and is now rapidly changing, growing, and accelerating. We will be finishing our 15-year development program in late 2017 and beginning to transition to a leaner, more efficient follow-on modernization program.    We will see production grow from delivering 45 aircraft in 2015 to delivering over 100 aircraft in 2018 and up to 145 aircraft by 2020. Additionally, in the next 4 years we will continue to stand up 17 new operating bases all over the world. We are also accelerating the creation of our heavy maintenance and repair capabilities, and supply chain, throughout the globe, including the Pacific, European, and North American regions.    However, the program is not without risks and challenges, as these come with any program of this size and complexity. I am confident that the current risks and issues we face can be resolved and we will be able to overcome future problems and deliver the full capability that we have committed to.    I have often said that the mark of a good program is not that it has no problems, but rather that it discovers problems, implements solutions, improves the weapon system, and at the same time keeps the program on track. I believe we have been doing that for a number of years now.    Let me highlight a few of our recent accomplishments since our last hearing.    Last year, we began U.S. Air Force and partner pilot training at Luke Air Force Base, where a blend of U.S. and partner F-35 instructor pilots are helping train U.S. and other partner pilots. The Air Force is now receiving F-35As at Hill Air Force Base in Utah and training is underway to ready its first combat-coded squadron to be operational this year. Also, the United States Marine Corps successfully flying and deploying to austere sites for training, dropping and shooting live weapons with its F-35Bs.    In addition, industry is committed to and then successfully delivered 45 airplanes last year, including the first aircraft that was produced in Italy and assembled in their factory in Cameri. From a production perspective, we have delivered a total of 172 aircraft to our test, operational, and training sites.    On the cost front, the price of purchasing an F-35 continues to decline steadily, lot over lot. This is a trend I believe will continue for many years. I expect the cost of an F-35 with an engine and fee to decrease from about $108 million this year to about $85 million in 2019.    As I said before, the program is changing, growing, and accelerating, but it is not without issues, risks, and challenges. So let me highlight a few of those areas.    On the technical front we have a number of risks. At the top of my list are both software and our maintenance system, known as ALIS. On the software front we have seen stability issues recently with our Block 3 software and we are currently in the process of fixing and flight testing those fixes. We have also experienced issues with the development of our next version of ALIS, known as ALIS 2.0.2, and I am prepared to discuss these issues with you, as well as other risks and issues, such as our egress system, aircraft modifications, and our Reprogramming Labs.    I am also prepared to discuss Air Force IOC , initial operational testing, recent U.S. Air Force and Marine Corps deployments, and the status of our partners and FMS customers.    In summary, the program is moving forward, sometimes slower than I would like, but moving forward and making progress nonetheless. We are nearing the completion of development and flight test in late 2017. We are ramping up production, standing up new bases, growing the global sustainment enterprise, and continuing to drive cost out of the program.    I intend to continue leading this program with integrity, discipline, transparency, and accountability. It is my intention to complete this program within the resources and the time I have been given, and I intend on holding my team and myself accountable for the outcomes on this program.    Thank you again for the opportunity to discuss the program. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    Mr. Stackley.    Mr. Turner. Thank you, gentlemen.    I want to start with a question that goes to the public's perception of this plane, the F-35. We all are very much aware of the difficulties that the F-35 has had both in development and in production and certainly in getting to operational capability. But I was surprised the other morning to wake up in my own hometown--Mr. Sullivan, you hail from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, so you may have similarly seen a huge headline across the Dayton Daily News that says: ``Ohio Voters Favor Canceling Jet Fighter.'' I thought it was kind of interesting for a couple of reasons. One, no one called me to ask me to quote for it, and it is my local newspaper. But it's a Washington bureau that quotes a University of Maryland study, that then quotes a response from a Washington think tank.    So I want to give you guys who actually know about the F-35 an opportunity to discuss what this article raises, because there is a fundamental flaw in the study that gives the screaming headline of Ohio voters favor canceling the jet fighter.    Apparently, they did an online poll, and we all know the liability of online polls of course, but there are 520 registered voters in Ohio. And it concludes that Ohio voters favor upgrading current fighters instead of going forward with the F-35 and resulting in a $97 billion savings to taxpayers by 2037.    Now, obviously, we have not done a very good job of communicating the importance of the F-35 and its capability and why it is necessary. But the article does, I do want to give Jack Torry, the author of the story, credit. He does end with Loren Thompson, chief executive officer of the Lexington Institute in suburban Washington, with this quote: ``It is impossible to upgrade any of our Cold War fighters that would be as survivable as a stealth plane. That is the biggest single appeal of the F-35, is that most enemy radars simply can't see it. You can't shoot down what you can't see.''    So the article concludes with an interesting point. But the fact that a poll is taken asking people would they rather upgrade something that is not upgradable rather than proceed with the F-35 probably is something that bears our discussion.    General Bogdan, help us here so we can give people some information so they can feel the importance of the investment in the F-35.    General Bogdan. Yes, sir. I have to be a little bit careful because----    Mr. Turner. I want to recognize--let me say it for you--I want to recognize that a portion obviously of the F-35 capabilities go into the classified realm and its adversaries' capabilities are in the classified realm. So some of the capabilities of the F-35, the need for the F-35 cannot be discussed. But certainly the concept that this is fifth generation and that we cannot merely just plug and play with our old generation is probably worthy of a discussion.    General Bogdan. Yes, sir.    I agree with you. I have never been associated with a program in my 25-plus years of acquisition where the public perception and the reality are so different. Part of that is our problem for not telling the story, but part of it is because the program is so big that every minor issue becomes a big issue. We have had a past that has not been conducive to people believing in what we say. We have added years and billions of dollars to the program in the past. Even though that hasn't happened since 2010, people remember that.    And it sometimes is difficult to explain to the public how air warfare is changing and how it is not a turn-and-burn airplane that looks really cool at an air show that is going to win the fight for the United States when we go into combat in the next 20 or 30 years.    So we do have a perception problem and we do have an information gap there. What do we do about that?    First and foremost, I do want to thank the Congress for helping us. You do. And you do that in a number of ways. One, you help us by holding us accountable. And when people know that you are holding us accountable and we base what we do and say on our results, then people will start having a better understanding and a better trust in what this weapon system can do.    On the Department side--and this is where I have to be careful, because I shouldn't be necessarily a salesman for the F-35, you need me to be a little more balanced than that--but for our warfighters there is clearly a role for them to play in advocating for this airplane. And in the past we haven't done a great job of that, simply because the airplane was immature, we were only operating at a number of locations, and we are still developing it. So let me just give you a few things that are going to happen this year that might change that a little bit.    The Air Force has stood up an F-35 heritage flight, which means that the F-35 is now going to be publicly displayed in many, many places over the next year. In fact, they have 14 public events between now and the end of 2016, some of the places including Luke Air Force Base, Langley Air Force Base, Fort Lauderdale, New York City, Chicago, Baltimore, Reno, Las Vegas. So the Air Force is getting out there with the airplane to these air shows and is going to start talking to folks about the airplane.    The U.S. Marine Corps and the Navy, similarly, when they go to sea this year for their sea trials, will bring media with them so that they can tell their story. The Dutch, who are a partner on this program, are planning on bringing their two airplanes to the Netherlands in June for 2 weeks for the very thing that you just talked about, Congressman Turner, to introduce the airplane to their public, to talk about it, and to talk about why the airplane is needed for them. The U.S. Marines, the U.S. Air Force, and the U.K. will bring five airplanes to Farnborough and RIAT this year in July at the U.K. Air Show.    So I think getting out there and telling the story is part of what we need to continue to do. I also think we need to continue to base things on fact. And when people out there don't have the facts, then it is my job and my team's job to correct the record for that.    Mr. Turner. And, General Bogdan, in getting to the issue of facts, this poll asked people would they rather upgrade the current fighters instead of proceeding with the F-35. Loren Thompson said: It is impossible to do what they have asked, you cannot upgrade our Cold War fighters. Would you agree with the statement of Thompson and would you want to elaborate?    General Bogdan. Yes, sir. You can only do so much with our fourth-generation fighters today. You can only add so many upgrades and structurally improve them to last a certain period of time.    But what I will tell you from the knowledge I have on this program and the capabilities of the F-35, our legacy airplanes, now and in the future, will not survive the threat environments we know we are going to have to face. So no matter how much you upgrade them and how much you put into them, eventually they will not survive.    This airplane differently. It will survive----    Mr. Turner. In combat.    General Bogdan. In combat will survive for decades to come.    Mr. Turner. I just want to point one thing before I ask Mr. Sullivan his comments on this. This poll asks people about sticking with our current fighters through 2037. I wonder what the poll would have been if they asked people would they be willing to drive their current car through 2037.    Mr. Sullivan, would you agree also that the poll is skewed in it gives people a false option, you can't upgrade our current fighters, as Loren Thompson says, in any way that would be as survivable as the F-35?    Mr. Turner. Mr. Sullivan, I appreciate your comments on that because you being the Director of Acquisition and Sourcing for this program with the U.S. Government Accountability Office, you are responsible for giving us some of the most critical oversight information that we have on the program. I know you know its difficulties and the areas in which we struggle to try to make certain that the program is effective. So I appreciate your overarching statement.    Mr. Turner. Excellent.    Mr. Stackley, Dr. Gilmore, do you wish to comment on this? Excellent.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Stackley.    Mr. Turner. Thank you. Very important discussion.    Now turning, however, to some of the issues and difficulties that we have in making certain that this plane reaches its full potential.    General Bogdan, Dr. Gilmore, and Mr. Sullivan's testimony indicate that significant challenges still do remain in completing the final software block, Block 3F. As you know, this is the version of software that gives the F-35 a full wartime capability, so it is very important. You also indicated in your testimony that Block 3F software is likely to be delivered 4 months late.    What is the operational significance if this software is delivered 4 months late? Could it impact the current scheduled initial operational test and evaluation, IOT&E test? And what risk-mitigation actions are you taking to be able to fix this?    General Bogdan. Thank you, sir.    The issue today with the Block 3 software--and we see the problem in both our 3i, or 3 initial, software and in our 3F software--has to do with stability.    And just very quickly, what the pilots are seeing is, when they take off and they need to use the sensors, particularly the radar, there are some instances where the communication between the radar and the main computers in the airplane are mistimed.    And that mistiming builds up little delays. And eventually those delays get to be big enough where the radar shuts off. Okay? And the radar will recover, but it will recover and take a few minutes to regain the picture that it had. Some of the other sensors experience the same thing. That is not good.    We are experiencing that kind of problem about once every 4 hours of flight time. We need the system to be much more stable in that, something on the order of once every 8 to 10 hours.    So what we did when we found this problem out in the last few months is we went back and did a root cause analysis. As I just talked about, we know it is a timing issue. Lockheed Martin has a number of fixes in the software that we are about to flight test, starting next week in our next version of 3i software. In the next month or so we will know if those fixes work.    If those fixes work, the stability fixes and some of the other software fixes, then the impact of this problem to Air Force IOC will be minimal. The impact to the remaining testing of 3F, as I said, will probably just delay the end of flight test about 4 months. That does not impact Navy IOC because we had some margin there, but it clearly would impact how ready the airplanes are for IOT&E.    So we are looking forward to the flight tests that we are going to do in the next month or so to see if we have this solved. If we do have it solved, again, no impact to Air Force IOC, no impact to Navy IOC, but probably an impact overall to the end of testing, and that would eventually impact the start of IOT&E.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Bogdan, I must have misunderstood. You were describing a problem with the software that you said would occur one time every 4 hours, but it would be okay if it occurred every 8 to 10 hours. Isn't that still a problem with the software?    General Bogdan. With 8 million lines of code in the airplane, it is not unusual for both legacy airplanes and modern fifth-generation airplanes every now and then to have to reset one of the sensors in flight or have an automatic reset. That is not an uncommon situation.    What we find is, if that happens more frequently and it happens at critical times, then that impacts the pilot's ability to get the mission done. But over time and historically we have seen that somewhere between 8 and 10 hours is probably about what we can expect and that, according to the warfighters, is good enough.    Mr. Turner. Thank you for clarifying that.    Mr. Sullivan, Dr. Gilmore, would you like to clarify on the 3F software.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Sullivan.    Mr. Turner. I am going to ask Mr. Stackley to follow up, but I have a few other questions that I am going to have to get through, but considering this is our last day for votes, I want to be sensitive to members who might need to leave. Since I am the only one on this side, I am going to ask unanimous consent if I let Mr. Stackley respond. And then the order is Mr. Johnson, Gallego, and Ms. Graham.    What I will do is I will let each of you ask your questions, and then I will go back to my next question, and then we will finish up, and that way you can exit, if that is okay.    Mr. Stackley.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Turner. Thank you, Mr. Johnson.    Turning back to the initial operating capability concerns and the requirements for later this year, General Bogdan, in attention to software development I understand that General Welsh is closely watching the progress of the Autonomic Logistics Information System, known as ALIS, as well as challenges facing aircraft software stability which is affecting the radar. As you know, ALIS was a significant area of concern raised by maintainers during our visit to the Eglin Air Force Base last year.    Please provide us with a short update on these two issues and what your concerns are concerning the IOC later this year.    General Bogdan. Yes, sir. As I said before, within the next 30 days we ought to know if the fixes we have put into the software on stability will take hold. And if that is the case, then we will incrementally upgrade the Air Force's airplanes at Hill Air Force Base with that version of software and the software stability issue will not impact their ability to declare IOC.    That is not the case with ALIS. ALIS, the next increment of capability we are delivering, as you know, is 2.0.2, and we were supposed to have that fielded by August of this year. I am estimating that that delivery of that system is probably about 60 days late now. I am not sure if we will be able to pull that schedule back any. If that is the case, then it will be up to the U.S. Air Force to decide what to do in August when it comes to ALIS 2.0.2 if it is going to be about 60 days late.    Mr. Turner. Does anyone else wish to comment?    Mr. Turner. That would be great. We should, because we had significant concerns for the maintenance group.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    General Bogdan. Can I make one other comment, sir, about ALIS, very quickly? If you went to Eglin Air Force Base today or if you went to Luke Air Force Base, what you would find over the past year is not all, but many of the maintenance workarounds and burdens that we placed on the maintainers over the last few years are systematically getting improved.    We are not anywhere near where we need to be with ALIS, but I think what you would get from the maintainers if you talked to them today is the fact that they do indeed see an improvement each and every time we put out a new version of software, which means the trending is going in the right direction, we just have a long way to go.    Mr. Turner. Thank you, General.    One thing we know is that consumers weren't given iPhones until they were done. You have to, however, put planes in pilots' hands while you are still developing them. And so we all get to look over your shoulder as you are doing it, and we appreciate both the work of the GAO and others to ensure that we have the right to-do list, but your diligence to try to make certain we complete it.    Mr. Gallego.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    General Bogdan, as you are aware, a lot of our discussions between you and the committee are based upon our visit to Eglin Air Force Base, and the questions that we pose are a result of that fact-finding trip. There were 14 of them. And you have continued to both answer those questions and update them. I have your March 17, 2016, letter in response continuing to update us on those issues. If there is no objection, I am going to enter this into the record of your discussion on these items and the issues that we have been looking for, for oversight.    General Bogdan. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Turner. Ms. McSally.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    Mr. Walz.    Mr. Turner. Ms. McSally.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    Gentlemen, this is one of our most important and certainly largest programs. And I want to thank each of you for your diligence in trying to ensure that this program reaches all of the capabilities that are obviously going to be necessary. Because of that, before we conclude, knowing your diligence, I want to give each of you an opportunity if you have anything else that you want to put on the record or that you want to raise before the committee as we consider this, knowing that your input is incredibly important.    If not, I know we have your opening statements. And we continue to have your advice and counsel. We appreciate the information you have provided to the committee. Thank you.