    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Madam Chair. I would like to thank my colleague from South Carolina. Because I was elected to office 13 months after superstorm Sandy and I had to create a one-stop shopping for the residents of Staten Island and South Brooklyn that were affected by that storm. So I agree with you, sir.    I was always a believer, gentlemen, that Government should have less interference in people's lives. But we are to do certain things. We are to pick up people's garbage, we are to protect our communities with our police and our Nation with our armed forces. We ought to come to our citizens' relief at the time of a disaster.    Over the past weeks, my staff has been collecting stories from constituents who were affected by superstorm Sandy. I represent Staten Island and the southern portion of Brooklyn, and these people are still struggling to recover from the disaster, in part because of the difficulties they have navigating through the complex recovery programs.    We will be sharing these stories with your office, and I hope that together we can work to ensure that similar situations do not occur if and when the next disaster we face comes about.    I would like to tell you about a woman, Carolyn Lauer. She is 72 years old, a constitute of mine, who, like so many others, had invested her life savings in her home and had just managed to pay off her mortgage months before superstorm Sandy struck our community. As a result of Sandy, her home was destroyed.    Following instructions from FEMA she, immediately after the storm, took out an SBA for $126,000 to pay for the repairs of her home. Now she was grateful for the loan, but shortly afterwards, after she took out that new mortgage grants became available in the type that would repair her home. The fact, though, is she was ineligible because she took out the SBA loan.    She is now 72 years old and burdened with a new mortgage, but was never informed that by taking out the SBA loan she would not be available for the future grants from the Federal Government.    Administrator, I just don't know whose responsibility it is, and I am not saying it was yours or your agency's. But whose responsibility do you believe it should be to inform people that if--as my colleague from South Carolina said--people took out an SBA loan they then would be ineligible for future grants? When their neighbors, who did not take out SBA loans, were eligible for these grants?    Mr. Donovan. They are, sir.    Mr. Donovan. That is correct.    Mr. Donovan. Yes. The majority of the stories that we have collected have to do with the SBA loans. So we will share those with your staff. I look forward to maybe a time--I know this is a difficult time to speak one-on-one, but maybe at some point in the future we could sit down and speak about that. My time is up, Madam Chair.    I yield the rest of it, but hope that we do have a second round of questions.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you, Madam Chair. As a follow-up, I just want to clarify something with the administrator. I know that Congress took 3 months to pass the supplemental appropriation. But the Federal rules from 2011 preclude SBA loan recipients from receiving HUD-funded grants. What my constituents don't understand is why they weren't given that information originally and advised that if they applied for a loan they would be precluded.    Had they known that applying for the loan may have precluded them from those future grants, they may have made different decisions. I have other questions I wanted to ask you, but I just wanted to clarify that point. That that was the majority of the constituent concerns that my office had received.    Mr. Donovan. Thank you very much, sir. The Army Corps is in the process right now of building a seawall on the eastern portion of Staten Island. That mitigating factor, which will help reduce the risk of floods, will help to lower people's insurance premiums. But at what point, sir, do people actually see the reduction?    I don't know how far into the construction of the seawall will they be able to start seeing reductions in their premiums.    Mr. Donovan. Wonderful, thank you. Before my time runs out, my final question really has to do with the folks--a lot of the folks in our area live in attached homes, apartment buildings. Sometimes they are attached on one side as a semi-attached, sometimes they are in the row of townhouses that are attached on all sides. They are unable to elevate their homes, as may be required by the new restrictions after superstorm Sandy. They need some mitigation relief from their premiums, as well.    I know recently a plan had come out--a document came out--from FEMA describing what some of these things that these families can do to mitigate, aside from elevating their homes. But what wasn't attached to that was like the actuarial report of saying that if you do these other things that we recommend here are the reductions that you will receive. Is that something that would come out subsequent to the report being issued?    Mr. Donovan. Wonderful. Maybe at some point, when we get to do the face-to-face, you and I maybe we could go over some of those things. I thank you very much, all of you gentlemen, for coming today.    Mr. Donovan. If the gentleman would yield just for 30 seconds, we had a case where the people wanted to pay back the SBA loan so that they would benefit from the HUD grants and they weren't permitted to pay back the loan that they received. So you talk about an injustice, sir, you are absolutely right.    Thank you.