    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Administrator McCarthy, I would like to thank you for sitting here patiently, and capably answering all these questions. I would also like to thank Representative Lummis for raising the whole issue of the bulwarks and changing the hydrology in the mountain. That seems to be what we have missed all along, that water was draining and responsibly being treated. When the bulwarks went in through a consent decree, everything changed; and there is a big problem still out there.    I am just sort of amazed that all these people, all this attention to attack the EPA over a completely accidental release of 3 million gallons of mined wastewater, when 330 million gallons of acid river drainage are flowing into Cement Creek and Animas River every year. There were 3 million gallons on August 5, and this same watershed gets 3 million gallons every 3 or 4 days.    We have heard today that there are at least 161,000 hardrock abandoned mines around the country. The U.S. Forest Service estimates 5,000-10,000 miles of rivers and streams contaminated with acid mine drainage, just from hardrock abandoned mine lands located on USFS lands. It seems to me, the huge elephant in this room is all of the water drainage from these mines, not the relatively small spill of only 3 million gallons on August 5.    The Chairman said this is one of the worst spills we have ever had. I am not sure the facts support that claim. In 1975, 50,000 tons of tailings poured into the Animas River, turning the river the color of aluminum paint. In 1978, the Sunnyside Mine, 500 million gallons into the Animas--that is 167 times what went in on that one day. Those are just the Animas River--just spills all over the country.    We keep coming back to accountability, and I like to look at process. What was the process by which this decision was made? In the testimony before, we hear about the EPA and the state of Colorado meeting with the Animas River Stakeholders Group. On August 4, they began excavation above where water was seeping into the adit. What comes back again and again with the Colorado Division of Reclamation, Mining and Safety, the EPA, and the contractor, is that the mistake was that someone determined that the adit had low or no pressure.    Mr. Beyer. Or, ``the underestimation of the water pressure in the Gold King Mine workings is believed to be the most significant factor relating to that blowout.''    Is it going to be possible to identify the person or group of people who made that faulty determination? And should they, then, be fired, have their pay docked, or be yelled at, or----    Mr. Beyer. Because that was the heart of the matter.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you. I read the President of the Navajo Nation's long and very detailed testimony to be offered later. I am sure you have, too, Madam Administrator. Obviously, he points out not just concerns about the 3 million gallons, but how the EPA will deal with everything that is coming in the future, and what the Navajo Nation, its farmers, and its people will need.    Is there any reason to think that the August 5 spill was anything more than the trigger for all of this attention and partnership between the EPA and the Navajo Nation?    Mr. Beyer. Because even before the August 5 spill, most of these things were just as relevant----    Mr. Beyer . For their farmers, for their water supply, and for the spirituality of their land.