    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Glad to be with you.    I also serve on the Financial Services Committee, and so we have been working on some Dodd-Frank issues and some Dodd-Frank reform. We have heard a lot of testimony. Let me read you a few statistics. Before Dodd-Frank became law, 75 percent of banks offered free checking; now only 37 percent at the end of 2015. Dodd-Frank fueled a 21 percent surge in checking fees, 15 percent fewer credit card accounts since 2008 at a cost now of more than 200 basis points more than what they had. 73 percent of community banks report regulatory burdens are preventing them from making residential loans. We have heard that testimony. One last number here. The cost of the smallest commercial industrial loans has risen at least 10 percent from the pre-crisis average.    I can tell you, I am from Missouri, at the end of 2015, we had 44 banks that were $50 million or less. Those are little bitty guys. Remember, we are talking about small, rural communities, and that is probably the only bank in town, like probably yours is, Mr. Hanes, and those guys, out of 44, 26 lost money last year.    FDIC did a study back in 2013. It said within the next 5 years, any bank $250 million or less is probably going to go out of business. Not because they are bad banks, not because of the economy, but because the rules and regulations that are coming are going to force them to consolidate, and Dodd-Frank is the culprit. Dodd-Frank created all of this group of regulations that is out there.    Mr. Hanes, you talked a minute ago about QM rules. QM, at your size, you are supposed to be exempt from it; right? But, if you want to sell a mortgage to the secondary market, do you have to comply with it?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. So even hough you were exempted, you still have to comply. These rules roll downhill, do they not?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I have another question for you, Mr. Beverage. I have a question with regards to Dodd-Frank, we are losing one community bank a day across the country right now. Dodd-Frank was supposed to be the cure all here. It was supposed to keep the big guys under control, but I believe--let me make this statement, and Mr. Beverage, I will appreciate your comment on it--I believe Dodd-Frank has caused the big banks to get bigger and put the pressure on the small banks to go out of business and merge with them. Would that be a fair statement?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Okay, very quickly. My experience keep discussing this with bankers across the country of all different sizes, and I have asked this question of a lot of them and they say anytime, because of the increased costs of compliance and the complexity of it. When you hire a loan officer, you have to hire one compliance officer. When you look at these small banks, when you hire a loan officer, the compliance officer does not make you any money. You have to spread those costs out over your bank, and you reach a point at which the rubber band breaks and then you have to do something different. This is where they are.    I think I could go on all day here but I see my time is about out, but I appreciate you gentlemen's testimony this morning, and I think that small banks make loans to small businesses. That was the testimony in this Committee not too long ago, and I think that we need to make sure that we keep the banks in business so the small businesses have an access to credit ability. Without that, small business communities dry up, and whenever rural America goes away it hurts the ability to produce food and produce all the rest of the things this country relies on.    Thank you very much for your testimony today.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I have a couple more here.    Mr. Beverage, we have been discussing a little bit about new banks being chartered. There have only been, what, two in the last 5 years, I think?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Maybe three? You know, if you are an investor and you go out here and you see the numbers we have been throwing around here today, especially small banks, if you are an investor, why would you want to invest in a business like this where you are going to get regulation from the top down, and more of it when the CFPB is just out of control with the TRID rule, the QM rule that basically runs real estate mortgages out of existence in small communities? If you are a new bank trying to get started, what are you going to make loans on? Can you give me some insight? I do not see why an investor would go in and try to buy, start a new bank.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. One of the problems with the QM rule is that by saying it is a qualified mortgage means it is a qualified mortgage, inferring that it is a preferred mortgage. If it is a nonqualified mortgage, they are by inference saying there must be some additional risk there. There must be a problem here. It opens you up as a banker to a lot of liability exposure even though it may not be. Just the inference it is a nonqualified loan, by differentiating between the two, suddenly now you are put in a position to decide is there a liability risk that I have got to take here by making this kind of a loan, a nonportfolio loan? This is the predicament that banks are in, and this is why you wind up not making real estate loans and getting out of the business because you see the liability situation sit in front of you, like I cannot take this risk.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Hanes, I see you have been anxious to jump in here.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Just to show you, I did not bring it with me this morning, but I have a sheet at home that details how you go through a real estate mortgage. There are 247 things on this sheet of paper here that you go down and you check a box. Okay, it is this size, so you go here. Then I got this kind of collateral, so you go here. It is a sole proprietorship or it is a husband and wife, so you go here. There are 247 ways you can get tripped up when you make a loan. A lot of that is on the CFPB. That is their problem.    QM, CFPB's own sheet is like this. You take two sheets and you put them together like this, it is like a Rubik's cube. You go through here, you go out here, you go here, and then you wind up going on this one. It is unbelievable, and you wonder why banks get out of lending. You wonder why they are getting exposed to this. You wonder why the costs of consumers go up. Somebody has to pay for this extra compliance cost when you have one loan officer for one compliance officer.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here today. I yield back.