    Mr. Fontenot. Just this year.    Mr. Fontenot. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, distinguished members of this committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on Treasury's role in fostering transparency through FOIA.    My name is Brodi Fontenot, and I'm the Assistant Secretary for Management at the Department of Treasury and the designated department's Chief FOIA Officer. As such, I take compliance with FOIA seriously. Although the nine Treasury bureaus independently process FOIA requests directed to each bureau, my team is responsible for providing agency-wide guidance and training as well as monitoring Treasury FOIA performance and proposing agency-wide policy and improvements.    When I joined Treasury 6 months ago, I was pleased to discover that the Treasury team had already begun implementing new measures to improve FOIA performance and efficiency Treasury-wide. For example, at our departmental offices, beginning in 2013, my team doubled the number of full-time employees dedicated to FOIA.    We used additional capacity in two critical ways. First, we devoted focused attention on closing Treasury's oldest FOIA cases. Second, we made significant changes to procedures and staffing used to manage FOIA cases to improve efficiency and timeliness.    We have more work to do, but these initial measures are already producing results. For example, in fiscal year 2014, the Treasury-wide FOIA backlog has decreased by 8 percent. We closed 13 of our oldest 20 cases agency-wide. We also processed more FOIA cases--FOIA requests in less time. Treasury closed 73 percent of incoming cases--requests within 20 days. That's a 3-percent increase over 2013. Five of nine Treasury bureaus closed more requests than they received during the fiscal year. Four Treasury bureaus ended the year with a zero backlog. And we also released more information overall. Treasury released records in full or in part in response to 90 percent of cases in which responsive records were identified.    In sum, today, Treasury is releasing more information, processing more requests in less time, and making tangible progress on reducing its pending FOIA inventory and closing its oldest cases compared to just 18 months ago.    But we also remain committed to making further strides. My team and I will continue to lean forward to drive improvements and to provide as much information as we can, as quickly as we can, both within the spirit and the letter of FOIA.    I welcome your questions today. Thank you.    Mr. Fontenot. Yes. Treasury-wide, over the past several years, we've increased our resources related to FOIA. Specifically, at the end of 2014 we had 151 full-time equivalent employees working in FOIA, and that's a 21 percent increase over the prior 2 years.    Mr. Fontenot. Yes, ma'am. I have not given thought to this as of now, but I am happy to take that back.    Mr. Fontenot. Thank you. Again, I do not process specific FOIA requests, but Treasury follows the Department of Justice guidance from 2011 concerning FOIA referrals and consultations. We consult with agencies and entities concerning documents that originated at those agencies or in communication with those agencies.    And obviously in this respect Treasury may consult with staff from the Executive Office of the President or the White House when those documents either originate or relate to the White House. Again, we treat the White House just like any other agency related to FOIA.    Mr. Fontenot. I watched part of the hearing.    Mr. Fontenot. Again thank you. I mean, I can obviously tell you what we have done. The Department, we've added resources, we've added people, we've added----    Mr. Fontenot. We've added better data, and we've train 100 percent of our FOIA professionals at the Department, and I think that is yielding results. Again, we received about 14,000 requests overall last year, and we closed about 14,000 as well. Again, an improvement year over year.    Mr. Fontenot. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fontenot. Again, we're always looking for best practices. We try to adopt as many best practices as we can from the Department of Justice. Our team works with them quite a bit. Again, I think we're moving in the right direction, but obviously we can always improve?