    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. An inefficient secretive regulatory structure that does not reflect the reality of the U.S. financial system can have real economic consequences for businesses and the American people. This is particularly true of the banks that have been deemed to be SIFIs, not based on risk posed to the U.S. financial system, but purely on arbitrary asset size.    On the non-bank side, designations are part of the regulatory system that has become synonymous with the overzealous enforcement climate so prevalent today. In vital power, the FSOC should alarm all Americans, judging by what we know of the staff hours spent on non-bank analysis, which we will get into shortly in the question-and-answer period.    It is clear to me that these designations, and the lack of a clear path for de-designation, is a Federal Reserve-driven effort to expand government's power and influence.    It is time to force more transparency, to require pragmatic regulation, and to curb the growing regulatory scene crippling our institutions and their customers. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We have put up a chart, I don't know if everyone can see it or not; I know we can see it pretty well on the back. And it is on the side, I am not sure we can get there.    But I would like to follow up on the chairman's comments and questions while we go, with regards to non-bank designations. And what I am concerned about is perhaps Fed-driven decisions on some of these designations. And if you look at the bottom part of the chart there, you can see that the National Credit Union Administration in 2012 and 2013 had two members that they dedicated to or who had done some analysis with regard to non-bank designations.    And in 2014, we have none. Ms. Matz, are you an expert on insurance analysis? Okay, so we have--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. You are not an expert. And we have no one at your agency who is designated to do analysis. And this information--you can't read the fine print there, you can in the back of the room. This analysis, by the way, comes from data given by your agency to the GAO, if I am not mistaken, which is in this report right here.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Sorry, Ms. Matz. That is information you gave to the GAO when requested. And so, my concern is the Federal Reserve has 25 people designated to make this analysis. You have zero.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. That is not correct?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. They got it from you.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. It is written on the bottom of the sheet. It says that the information came from each member agency and represents individuals involved in the analytical work. So--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. How many do you have, then?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Two people. Okay. Are they experts in insurance?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. They are not experts in insurance. So, how can we make an educated analysis whenever you are making designations with regards to non-bank designations, which involve insurance companies? How do you make that determination, then?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. So, the insurance part of the business is not important with regards to the designation of a SIFI?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. The financial services part of the business is the only part that you look at?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Wow. Okay.    Mr. Cordray, you sort of struck out all across-the-board there as well. Are you an insurance expert, sir?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Is this number incorrect, as Ms. Matz indicated hers was?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Well--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --you are saying--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --this number is incorrect as well, even though this is information your agency gave to the GAO?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Mr. Cordray--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. This goes to the heart of the matter here. You are sitting on a board that makes a decision on the designation of whether something is systemically important or not. And if you don't have the personal expertise, you need to have somebody on your staff, because otherwise it is not an independent vote that you are casting.    It is a vote based on how the Federal Reserve or some other member of this board is telling you it should be done. And that is not the way the system should work.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I am running out of time here.    Mr. Massad, you have zero people all the way across-the-board. Is that incorrect as well?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Right.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. So now you do have some people involved in this designation?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. How many?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. One, two, ten?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. One more quick comment before I am out of time here.    With regards to the SEC, Ms. White, your numbers are zero, two and now twelve. And in your testimony you indicate or you say that it is important that it be data-driven and conduct rigorous analysis throughout the process.    How can you do rigorous analysis when back in 2013, you made the designation true with 2 people, and now you have 12 people? Was that a stumble back then and you realized you didn't have adequate staff? Or what was the problem back then?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. You were there at the time this was done.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. The concern is still there that we are not doing our job of doing analysis--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --and letting the Fed--