    Mr. Dussel Peters. ``Dussel Peters.''    Mr. Dussel Peters. Okay. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittees.    I would like to share with you the work of the last 15 years we have been doing on the Mexico and Latin America-China relationship. And I also invite you to participate next Wednesday in a presentation of a report we will do with the Atlantic Council exactly on this topic, no?    I would like to share with you three topics.    First, the first issue, the increasing relationship of Latin America and China in all the topics that we have been mentioning is no coincidence, which means China has been in the last at least 10 years releasing a group of white papers regarding this relationship. I would invite you to go through the cooperation plan of CELAC and China, the first ministerial meeting that was published in January 2015, which establishes very clear goals regarding trade, investment, infrastructure projects, and funding, respectively.    There is no single Latin American country that so far has established a short-, medium-, and long-term strategy vis-a-vis China. This results in a substantial disadvantage for Latin America.    Second, as you mentioned, China has become the second-largest trading partner of Latin America. Latin America has a huge trade deficit, and particularly relevant is the difference in the group of topics and of products that the region is exporting to China. Less than 5 percent of Latin American exports to China are of medium- and high-technological level. There is a huge gap with what China is exporting to the region, and this has also reflected and explains the region's increasing disenchantment with its most dynamic partner.    Finally, the third topic I would like to share with you is that, while it is well known that China has participated importantly in the NAFTA region and displaced also Mexican exports to the United States, probably the United States has been the main loser in this new triangular relationship between the United States, Latin America, and China.    In the paper I submitted to you, we calculate that 72 percent of the United States exports to Latin America are threatened by Chinese exports. And probably much more important is that, if we assume the share of the United States in Latin American imports of 2001 when China became a member of the World Trade Organization, if we assume the same share of Latin American imports in 2014, the United States would have exported to Latin America more than $145 billion additionally.    If we take this $145 billion in 2014, according to the Department of Commerce, this $145 billion accounts for 840,000 jobs that the United States would have gained, maintaining the same share in 2001. Again, this is a substantial and critical topic not only for Latin America and for Mexico but for the United States.    I finish with two recommendations.    First, I invite very much both subcommittees and the House of Representatives, A, to support, fund, and create academic and private institutions in the United States to promote detailed understanding of a dialogue on the global reemergence of China, especially in Latin America and the Caribbean, since it also affects U.S. trade, production, and employment, especially in manufacturing and particularly in the automobile and auto parts sectors.    Secondly, I invite you to actively participate in and support the important work that has been done in Latin America and the Caribbean on the many issues related to this new triangular relationship. Institutions such as CELAC, the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean, and the Inter-American Development Bank are some of the institutions where you could participate.    Thank you very much for your time.    Mr. Dussel Peters. Yes. I would agree very strongly with you that we perceive on the one hand this lack of a U.S. commitment and interest in Latin America in general and particularly regarding this new triangular relationship, no?    This is why I proposed at the end that the United States should actively participate in these institutions that already exist in Latin America, such as CELAC, among others, but that the U.S. should also try to create new institutions and to create new knowledge in academic, public, and private institutions in the United States.    We have a lack of interest from the United States, a lack of active participation, and, as I stated in the beginning, a very clear long-term strategy from the perspective of the Chinese public sector.    Mr. Dussel Peters. Look, I would say, in general, this proposal and this project goes hand-in-hand with what China has been proposing in the last 2 years under this heading, also, of the ``New Silk Road,'' the ``one belt, one road'' strategy, which means focusing development on infrastructure, no? So there are a group of fundings. We have added up more than $150 billion U.S. dollars that China has been committing for infrastructure projects, and this project could be one of these.    By the way, you have to be careful also that not all the partners of this project have been informed of the project, no? Which means this project was launched in Brazil, and other countries such as Peru were also informed by the news, no? Usually you would think that you would work the other way around, which means you would work 2 years and then you inform about this publicly, no?    Mr. Dussel Peters. It is not the only project that has been launched this way. And there are a group of big projects all over Latin America that can change the geo-strategy in this new triangular relationship very profoundly, particularly the Canal of Nicaragua that is very close to the United States.    Mr. Dussel Peters. I agree that there has been little progress in this project in the last months, but I would take it very seriously, very seriously in terms that, A, it has not been disregarded by the Chinese public sector; B, the public sector and the central government in China have massive resources for this kind of project, as in the case of Brazil, as in other projects in Mexico and others, and I can imagine that this might be a concrete bargaining coin for the future for some kind of other negotiations, no?    Thank you.    Mr. Dussel Peters. In our experience, the public sector in China is omnipresent in qualitative terms. It is not sufficient to go very concretely regarding one public institution, but you have the central government, you have cities, you have municipalities, and the mixture of these governments, the public sector.    To have an idea, more than 86 percent of Chinese FDI, according to the work we have been doing from 2000 to 2013, has been pursued 86 percent by the Chinese public sector. So there is an omnipresent public sector participating in FDI.    And I would briefly relate to the question that was posed regarding TPP by the chairman and Mr. Salmon. I think TPP is not sufficient as a Latin American strategy. TPP is dividing Latin America, a group of Latin American countries are not geographically related to the Pacific. And I would highlight how important it would be to modernize, to rediscuss, for example, a topic such as NAFTA, which has been completely left aside. I would very strongly propose to upgrade, to modernize----    Mr. Dussel Peters. Yes, very strongly.    Mr. Dussel Peters. We have been working in the last years on the Central American countries and their relationship with China, and it has been very interesting how as a result of the improvement in the relationship between Taiwan and China, China has been extremely pragmatic regarding the issue of this diplomatic relationship and recognition, which means that China has been able to accept delegations from countries without a diplomatic relationship. They have been doing turnkey investments, trade, and a big group and an interesting dialogue, political dialogue also.    And I would tell you finally that in the region China has also increasingly stated that while it has offered a group of projects to Costa Rica who broke these relationships in the region, this will not happen again in the region. Also, again, this pragmatism even in the diplomatic arena is very important.    Mr. Dussel Peters. I believe that, in fact, CELAC has been very successful in this dialogue with China. And I believe it would be very relevant for the United States to participate in CELAC. For whatever reason, OAS has not been active in this area.