    Dr. Heck. I will go ahead and call the hearing to order. Good afternoon, everyone.    Today's subcommittee meets to hear testimony on military treatment facilities, or MTFs, which are the medical centers, hospitals, and clinics that are owned and operated by the Department of Defense and the military services.    For decades, military treatment facilities have been recognized as the foundation of military medical care. They are the primary location for Active Duty military to receive treatment and are the training and education platforms for medical providers worldwide.    Every member of the military healthcare team, me included, has spent time in MTFs. If you have served in the military, chances are you have received care in an MTF for everything from immunizations, to routine health screenings prior to deploying, to witnessing the birth of your child. Depending on the size and location, MTFs provide a wide range of medical services to Active Duty, Active Duty family members, retirees, and retiree family members.    However, military health care, alongside civilian health care, has evolved, and we have seen many changes to MTFs. The certainty that a military installation will have a full-service medical facility is a thing of the past. For example, in 1989, there were more than 500 military medical facilities worldwide, 168 military hospitals and hundreds of clinics. Today, there are 55 hospitals and 360 clinics, for a total of 415 MTFs. Large medical centers, such as Fitzsimons Army Medical Center, once considered an enduring capability, have closed.    The reasons for some of these changes are varied. Health care has largely shifted from an inpatient focus to outpatient settings such as ambulatory surgery and care models such as patient-centered medical homes. Another reason unique to military medicine is the realignment of troop units and closure of military installations, which has shifted the need for medical care among different locations.    So the question we now ask is: What is the future of military treatment facilities? How do they maintain the primary mission of readiness of the force and ready medical professionals? Are MTFs currently situated to support the readiness mission along with the mission to provide care to their beneficiaries?    I am interested to hear from our witnesses about the challenges of running an MTF. How are MTFs different than civilian medical facilities? How does MTF leadership balance readiness requirements and the needs of the beneficiary population, including service members, family members, and retirees?    And, finally, what can we do to ensure the Military Health System has trained and ready providers to support the readiness of the force and provide a valued health benefit to our beneficiaries?    With that, I want to welcome our witnesses, and I look forward to their testimony.    Before I introduce our panel, I would like to offer Congresswoman Susan Davis, our ranking member from San Diego, an opportunity to make her opening remarks.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Mrs. Davis.    We are joined today by another outstanding panel.    Given the size of our panel and our desire to give each witness the opportunity to present his testimony and each member an opportunity to question the witnesses, I respectfully remind the witnesses to summarize, to the greatest extent possible, the high points of your written testimony in 5 minutes.    The lighting system before you, when you have 1 minute left, it will turn yellow. When you are out of time, it will turn red. I assure you that your written comments and statements will be made part of the hearing record.    So let me welcome our panel: Colonel Mike Heimall, United States Army, Chief of Staff, Walter Reed National Military Medical Center--in the interest of disclosure, I was on staff at Walter Reed from 1998 to 2001; Colonel Mike Place, Commander, Madigan Army Medical Center at Joint Base Lewis-McChord; Captain Rick Freedman, United States Navy, Commanding Officer at Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune; and Colonel Douglas Littlefield, United States Air Force, Commander of the 19th Medical Group at Little Rock Air Force Base.    Colonel Heimall, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Colonel Heimall. Thank you, Chairman Heck. And I was also on staff at Walter Reed 1998 to 2001. So it is great to have another alumnus of the Georgia Ave. campus.    So, sir, Ranking Member Davis, and distinguished members of the committee, Mr. O'Rourke, it is great to see you again, sir, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the role our military treatment facilities play in supporting military readiness and how we care for our beneficiaries.    I am the Chief of Staff at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, and, until this past Monday, I served as the Center's interim director. I would like to take a moment to highlight what we at Walter Reed are doing to ensure our staff are well prepared for future deployments and how we are enhancing access for our patients across the National Capital Region while we continue to care for America's heroes from around the world.    Walter Reed is the largest MTF in the National Capital Region enhanced multiservice market. Together with the Fort Belvoir Community Hospital and 9 smaller MTFs, we are partnering to improve access to care for more than 245,000 TRICARE Prime enrollees across the National Capital Region.    Today, providers from Walter Reed are seeing patients in nearly every one of those MTFs across our market in order to make care more convenient for our patients, eliminating the hassle of having to fight beltway traffic to come to Bethesda. We are also streamlining functions like appointing and referral management to gain efficiencies and improve access.    My written testimony highlights several of the programs which Walter Reed-Bethesda is internationally renowned for. The Military Advanced Training Center for amputee rehabilitation, the National Intrepid Center of Excellence for traumatic brain energy and psychological health, and the Murtha Cancer Center continue to lead our Nation in developing evidence-based innovations that serve both a critical military medical need but also critical needs within American medicine.    Our co-location with the Uniformed Services University of Health Sciences and the National Institutes of Health allow us to develop partnerships that better integrate education and research into patient care. These partnerships also afford us the opportunity to collaborate with renowned leaders in trauma care, cancer care, and infectious diseases, improving care for our patients today while preparing our team for the deployments of the future.    And we are also expanding this partnership to include our local and regional Veterans Administration medical centers so we can improve access to care for our veterans. Our veterans are as much a part of the military family as anyone who comes to us for care, and it is a privilege to care for them.    These veterans are also often our most critically ill and complex patients, which exercises and strengthens the same critical care skills our entire team--providers, nurses, technologists, medics, and corpsmen--all need to care for a critically ill or injured service member on the battlefield, en route to a higher level of care, or back home at our MTFs.    Thank you again for the opportunity to discuss these efforts with you, and I look forward to your questions.    Dr. Heck. Colonel Place.  MEDICAL CENTER, JOINT BASE LEWIS-McCHORD, UNITED STATES ARMY    Colonel Place. Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to represent Madigan Army Medical Center and Army Medicine today.    Since 1944, Madigan has been a provider of world-class patient care, an unparalleled education facility, and a state-of-the-art research platform. Madigan cares for over 100,000 beneficiaries with around 5,000 staff members; supports over 250,000 beneficiaries as the tertiary referral hospital for the Puget Sound enhanced multiservice market.    Madigan supports Joint Base Lewis-McChord, one of the Nation's premier power projection platforms, home to 1st Corps, 7th Infantry Division, 1st Special Forces Group, the 62nd Airlift Wing, and a variety of smaller units. Our forces are aligned to the U.S. Army Pacific and are integral to supporting partnerships and exercises in the region as well as operations around the world.    Madigan has a two-fold readiness mission: to ensure our service members are medically ready to deploy; and generating and maintaining ready medical forces.    By collaborating closely with our line commanders, as well as unit medical and dental providers, we have increased the available rate for soldiers in 1st Corps to nearly 91 percent. We will continue to work with our senior mission commander, Lieutenant General Lanza, to identify means to continue to improve the readiness of our soldiers, such as by increasing the availability of physical therapists for injury prevention or through implementation of the Army's Performance Triad.    As an academic medical center and one of only two designated Level II trauma centers in the Army, Madigan plays an important role in ensuring we have ready medical forces. In 2015, Madigan trained 319 individuals in graduate medical education in 33 distinct training programs. Our residency programs boast a 95 percent 3-year, first-time board pass rate, readily exceeding the national average of 87 percent. Madigan's orthopedics, neurology, and radiology programs' in-service examination performance this year places them in the top 10 percent of the Nation. And our emergency medicine residency remains one of if not the top in the country.    Most importantly, our graduates are prepared through a unique military curriculum which provides them the tools to successfully transition to serve as surgeons in maneuver units or to serve in forward surgical teams or combat support hospitals.    As a hospital commander in Afghanistan, I witnessed firsthand how our GME and related medical training programs provided the capability to achieve our unprecedented 92 percent survival rate despite the increasing severity of injuries sustained in modern combat.    However, the Army cannot focus exclusively on sustainment of trauma skills and surgical capabilities alone. My experience in supporting the 75th Ranger Regiment in Operation Uphold Democracy in Haiti and as a medical task force commander during the Kosovo air campaign shows that Army Medicine must be prepared to support a wide range of crises, from peacekeeping, to disaster relief, to humanitarian assistance.    Military treatment facilities like Madigan are vital to ensure our medical teams are trained, ready, and relevant to provide care globally. Our partnerships with the VA and the civilian community strengthen our programs by providing a diverse and complex mix of patients to hone our skills for our entire medical team.    I am personally committed to improving the readiness of our soldiers and our medical teams so they can best serve our Nation. On behalf of Team Madigan and Army Medicine, I want to thank Congress for your continued support. I look forward to your questions.    Thank you.    Dr. Heck. Captain Freedman.    Captain Freedman. Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, distinguished members of the committee, thank you for providing me the opportunity to share my perspectives as Commanding Officer, Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune, on the role that military treatment facilities have in providing medically ready service members and ensuring an operationally ready medical force. We in Navy Medicine are privileged to care for those entrusted to our care.    Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune is a family medicine teaching hospital located in eastern North Carolina, providing medical support to forces stationed on and around Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, to include members of the 2nd Marine Expeditionary Force and members of the Marine Corps Special Operations Command.    The primary reason we exist is to build and sustain medical readiness. At Camp Lejeune, readiness takes three distinct but equally important components.    First, readiness means that we as medical professionals who wear the cloth of our Nation are ready at a moment's notice to deploy in support of our Navy and Marine Corps team. We must be physically, professionally, spiritually, medically, administratively ready to move out at a moment's notice. Our MTFs are the reservoir of forward-deployable expeditionary medical support for our combatant commanders. Nowhere is that better understood than aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, where it is common knowledge that no marine has ever taken a hill without a United States Navy corpsman.    Second, readiness means that we ensure our marines and sailors are ready to be the first to fight in any theater of operation and we understand their demanding mission. Several of our clinics are located around the base and are staffed jointly with medical personnel assigned to both hospital and assigned to operational units. This initiative improves access, continuity and quality of care, and provides expanded capabilities for our teams to collaborate during real scenarios, as demonstrated during our recent successful response to two recent mass casualty events following training mishaps.    A third but equally important mission is caring for our families because our team understands there is no surer way to make a combat marine, soldier, sailor, airman, guardsman more ineffective than to have them worry about their family. Family readiness supports force readiness.    We at Camp Lejeune are committed to being leaders in quality, safety, access, and service. NHCL is proud to be among the first to employ available technologies to increase how our patients communicate with our providers. From our patient smartphone application, to 100 percent primary care manager use of secure messaging, to strong support of our nurse advice lines, we are ensuring patients have 24/7 access.    Another of our access initiatives is launching our tele-ICU project, virtually connecting our intensive care unit with that of Naval Medical Center San Diego; use of digital radiology and telepharmacy throughout our multiple clinics spread out over the 246 square miles of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune.    We are proud to note that we have implemented the Centering in Pregnancy Program that offers mothers-to-be a unique group prenatal care model that promotes education and peer-group connections. It has been extremely popular with many of our patients, particularly those lacking built-in support systems, a deployed spouse, or other challenges associated with military service.    It is critical to note the importance of our hospital given the location in eastern North Carolina and the vital role we play in a medically underserved area of our country. There are wonderfully talented and dedicated civilian medical partners in Jacksonville and the surrounding areas; however, our community does not have the medical infrastructure which may exist in other metropolitan areas.    Camp Lejeune's family medicine residency program has received the highest level of certification by the ACGME , has grown by 50 percent, and achieved 4 years of unprecedented 100 percent board pass rate for our residents.    Their re-affiliation with our retired beneficiaries, who have doubled in size in the last 2 years, has really improved the acuity and complexity of cases for our interns and residents and specialists and allowing our team to care for those who have previously served and who deserve the best that this Nation can offer.    An integral aspect of care which has no counterpart in the civilian community is our Intrepid Spirit Concussion Recovery Center. This center offers exceptional support for our service members afflicted with traumatic brain injury . A hallmark of the Intrepid Spirit Center is a holistic, integrated, interdisciplinary treatment approach that includes 10 different specialties, to include complementary alternative medicine techniques. Care is tailored to meet the unique needs of the warrior athlete, and, to date, approximately 2,000 of our warfighters have gone through the program, with over 90 percent of them, at least from the standpoint of TBI, returned to full duty.    In summary, we are a critical part of the greatest and most highly capable Navy and Marine Corps team that the world has ever known. Our hospital serves as a readiness platform for the force and families stationed in the area. We will continue to be a forward-deployable expeditionary medical capability while maintaining the highest levels of readiness.    Thank you for your support of military medicine, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Dr. Heck. Colonel Littlefield.    Colonel Littlefield. Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, and distinguished members of the committee, I too thank you for the opportunity to come before you today on behalf of the men and women of the Air Force Medical Service.    As commander of the 19th Medical Group in Little Rock, Arkansas, my job includes leading a team of 350 dedicated Active Duty, government service civilian, and contract employees in supporting a population of 44,000 beneficiaries within a 40-mile radius from our clinic.    Of those beneficiaries, approximately 14,000 are enrolled directly to our clinic and receive care across our spectrum of provided services, such as our family and women's health clinic, flight medicine, optometry, and dental clinics.    Some of the more unique services include both public health and bio-environmental sections as well as our aerospace physiology and High Altitude Airdrop Mission Support team that directly support a myriad of U.S. and coalition partners in conducting operations in unpressurized aircraft between 10,000 and 35,000 feet in altitude.    Each day, we strive to provide trusted care to the population we serve while continually looking for ways to provide safer, more efficient care and remain in touch with our patients' needs.    Supporting the mission is our first priority. It is why we exist and where we focus our daily efforts. At Little Rock, this means combat airlift anywhere, anytime. Our actions ensure our Active Duty population are ready physically, mentally, and emotionally to carry out their role in supporting the wing's mission. It also means caring for family members, retirees, and their dependents with the services that we provide. Ultimately, military readiness is community readiness, and leading my team to recognize the role they play in this priority has benefited all involved.    The next priority we focus on is people. Our amazing teammates are how we get this mission done. And we strive daily to treat our patients, family members, community partners, as well as each other with the utmost respect and professionalism. We are committed to resiliency in every area of our lives, which makes us more productive and better teammates. We also look for opportunities within the clinic, wing, and community to grow personally and professionally so that we can continue to become better airmen.    Our final priority is communication. There is no substitute for clear and concise communication at all levels, which allows our team to function at its peak. We are always looking for opportunities to improve our communication methods by listening more than we speak and utilizing different sources of information across our available spectrums to get pertinent messages to those we support.    By focusing on these priorities, we are committed to supplying safe and high-quality health care to all those we serve. While the pursuit of this may look different at each location, the Air Force Medical Service will provide trusted care anywhere as we strive for peak readiness and the highest reliability in all we do.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak on this matter and for your continued support.    Dr. Heck. I thank you all for your testimony.    We will now move into rounds of questioning. Each member will be limited to 5 minutes. We will go in the order of arrival prior to gavel. Hopefully, because I know I have several questions, we will have time for multiple rounds.    And I will start.    Colonel Heimall, you know, the interesting thing about Walter Reed is that you are under the command of DHA and not a service. Can you give some insight as to how that works, answering to the Defense Health Agency as opposed to a service sector? And, you know, do you see pros and cons to having that type of an alignment?    Colonel Heimall. Sir, from a functional alignment, based on my experience commanding within Army Medicine, DHA really functions like a regional medical command or a regional health command for us. That is where our resourcing comes from; it is where our policy guidance comes from. And so it is really not much of a different relationship between Walter Reed and the National Capital Region Medical Directorate and the Defense Health Agency.    I think some of the challenges with the way we are organized is, within the National Capital Region Medical Directorate, Defense Health Agency only operates two MTFs. And so when we look at resourcing, when we look at allocation of civilian hiring caps that are in place to allow us to bring civilians on board, we don't have the degree of flexibility that Army Medicine, Navy Medicine, or Air Force Medical Service have, given the size and the scope of their regions.    We have about 4,500 civilian authorizations across the National Capital Region Medical Directorate. I will compare that to my time at William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso, when Western Regional Medical Command at the time had over 11,000 authorizations. And so it makes flexibility in hiring and shaping our workforce much more challenging.    Dr. Heck. Great. Thank you.    Colonel Place, you mentioned that Madigan was a Level II trauma center, one of only two within the inventory. Are you integrated into the civilian EMS system, and do you receive civilian casualties from trauma into your trauma center?    Colonel Place. Yes, sir, absolutely. We are part of the Tacoma Trauma Trust. As that, we back up two civilian hospitals downtown. We average about one or one and a half activations of our trauma team every day. So we are basically the backup 365/24 hours a day for anyone else.    Dr. Heck. And how critical would you say that that integration with the civilian trauma center is in being able to maintain the trauma skills of your staff members?    Colonel Place. Sir, I think it is enormously important. We have only one Level I trauma center down in San Antonio. I think it is important that we routinely see trauma in order to maintain those skills for not just the surgeons, because they are relatively easy to get to a trauma center to go do trauma, but, as you know, it takes a lot more than just the doctor to be able to do those things. You need to have the ER trained well; you have to have anesthesia and the PACU and the ICU. All of those need to have training, the pulmonologists, you know, the respiratory techs. Everybody needs to be part of that.    So if we don't see any trauma, that is a challenge for us. And I personally would like to see more because I think that adds to our capabilities when we go to war.    Dr. Heck. Could you summarize how that relationship was established between Madigan and the civilian hospital system?    Colonel Place. So, sir, I am not familiar with the actual history of that. I understand it was more than a few years ago that that was put in place. So I can get back with you for the details if that is important. But right now we are in discussions with our counterparts down there to make sure that we are all fulfilling our roles and responsibilities as part of that.    Dr. Heck. And as part of that relationship, do some of your providers rotate out to civilian hospitals? Or is it all done based on the trauma patients, civilian trauma patients, coming to your facility?    Colonel Place. Yes, sir, we have some external resource sharing agreements where we send some of our folks downtown. Right now, probably the most dramatic is our cardiothoracic surgeons. They go downtown to perform surgeries there to maintain their skills. We don't have enough caseload within our population to really allow them to maintain their skills, so we let them go downtown, with preferential treatment of our beneficiaries. But even so, we end up doing some VA cases and things like that downtown.    Dr. Heck. Great. Thank you.    Since my time is almost up, I would rather not shoehorn an answer into my next question, so I will wait for the next round.    Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. Ms. Tsongas.    Dr. Heck. Ms. Stefanik.    Dr. Heck. Mr. O'Rourke.    Dr. Heck. Mr. MacArthur.    Dr. Heck. Ms. Speier.    Dr. Heck. Okay. We will begin a second round of questions.    Understanding the importance of trying to recapture beneficiary care into the MTFs from a maintenance-of-readiness perspective for the healthcare provider so they have that broad array of diverse cases, one of the things that we are wrestling with is how do you incent the beneficiaries to come back into the MTFs.    In other hearings that we have had with beneficiary stakeholder groups, one of the concerns that was expressed is that, you know, a beneficiary doesn't like necessarily having a military medical provider, because when that person PCSes or they get deployed, they are starting over with another, you know, military healthcare provider.    The other issue that was raised was the inability to get a timely appointment at an MTF.    So how would each of you address those two issues? What do you think it would take to incent beneficiaries to come back? How do you address the issues with the relatively transient nature of military healthcare providers and the capability within the MTF to actually expand access if we get more beneficiaries to come back in?    And I am going to start with Colonel Littlefield since we always go this way and you tend to get left out.    Colonel Littlefield. Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.    Again, I have mentioned the word ``balance'' before, but being a clinic, it is something that we always have to be looking at. We work closely with my staff, my chief of the medical staff in particular, to look at our patient balance; how many retirees, what is the acuity and the complexity of care that we can provide for the provider mix that I have in-house too.    I think some of it is communication. That was one of the priorities we mentioned. But talking to the community partners, we go out to the chamber of commerce meetings, we go out in the community, those provider collaborations, and talking to the members that are out there and letting them know the services that we have and can provide to allow them to come back in if that is allowed.    So we maximize everything we can. We fill up our appointments. But we also focus on the access to care and keep that as a priority, to make sure we can get them in. It is not good to advertise services and then not be able to get them to that.    Captain Freedman. Chairman, I think that this is where the MHS and Navy Medicine is particularly well-suited to take care of this issue. The nature of our demographics, our beneficiaries, they are transient, as well, as they change duty sections or duty stations multiple times in a career. We are blessed to have a system of care that may be unlike anything else in civilian medicine. Our medical records systems talk to each other. So even if they go to one service to another or one institution or another, there is some continuity in that.    Patients want to come back to us because we are set up not to produce health care but produce health. We are looking at things differently. Our remuneration system is different so that we are perfectly focused and aligned right now to be able to look at outcomes. Patient-centered care is getting them to partner in their own health care.    And then with generational challenges or generational differences, looking at how access to care is different. What does that mean to some of the millennials? We are using our smartphone technology. We are using virtual messaging. We have appointments that are booked on our providers' schedule that are just talking to patients virtually. Evidence-based research has shown that these cohorts of patients that are connected with their doctors do better in many of our health metrics.    Our quality is great, and no one is going to care more than our providers.    Dr. Heck. Colonel Place.    Colonel Place. Sir, I agree with the idea of what is access. I think we have to broaden our horizons a little bit and recognize that different people want different things, and it all gets lumped into this concept of access. Some of them want secure messaging. Some of them want to have a nurse advice line; they don't want to come in at all. Others really want to have that face-to-face, doctor-patient touch to happen for them.    But I think the biggest thing is that our veterans, our retirees, and our soldiers and their families, quite frankly, want to be part of us. We are the same. You know, we are brothers and sisters in arms. They are our families too. So what I am trying to do and I think is most important for us to do is to celebrate that, to change the culture from, you know, it being difficult to get in to say more that we want them here and we embrace each other.    You know, we have the opportunity--I tell my staff this all the time--we have the opportunity to have the best job in the world because we get to take care of America's sons and daughters every day. And we get to work with people like us who really care about them because most of them have some sort of affiliation with the military in some way, shape, or form. Many of them could probably make more money going to a different civilian job rather than staying with us.    So I am really trying to change the culture to say, you know what, this is a special place where we do special things for special people that makes a difference to our country. And once we start having those conversations, my experience has been the retirees say, you know what, I will do it, I want to come be part of that. And our staff actually celebrates when they do and say, you know, ``Sergeant Major Retired Jones, we are glad you are back with us today. We are happy to provide you care.'' I think when we do that that a lot of those other issues will really go away.    I was in with the other Representative Heck this morning, and he told me, for us, essentially, our complaints about lack of access have declined precipitously recently. And I hope that is related to some of that culture that we are working on that really changes the dynamic, I think, of those interactions.    Dr. Heck. Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. Mr. MacArthur.    Dr. Heck. Mr. O'Rourke.    Dr. Heck. Well, with the panel's indulgence, we will do something that we haven't done before, at least in my tenure as chair, and that is move to a third round of questions.    Colonel Heimall, I am really intrigued about the command structure at Wally World right now. So you have a director with no command authority, as I understand it, over the personnel within the facility. So who actually does exert command authority over those individuals? And how is that a benefit or a hindrance to the overall operation of the facility?    Colonel Heimall. Sir, I think, first of all, it is important to understand, and to put it into Army terms, the director exercises mission control for the healthcare delivery mission at Walter Reed-Bethesda.    We have a very large Army detachment and a very large Navy detachment. The special court-martial convening authority that I would have normally had as an Army commander, that Colonel Place has, resides with an Army troop commander who sits on Bethesda. I see him several times a day normally, and we talk closely, particularly on senior NCO and officer issues. And General Becker, the Military District of Washington commander, holds the general court-martial convening authority.    Same thing for the Navy, though now with Rear Admiral Lane as the director, Navy Bureau of Medicine and Surgery has delegated UCMJ authority for the Navy detachment at Walter Reed and Fort Belvoir to Admiral Lane. And so he is able to exercise that for the Navy detachment.    Our small Air Force detachment, the authorities are over at Malcolm Grow.    That really is no different than what my experience was as an Army MTF commander, where I had a medical chain that really had no general court-martial convening authority over my soldiers at Fort Bliss. That went through the Fort Bliss commander.    And so you are constantly building a relationship with your senior commander on your installation and with your higher headquarters to coordinate--you know, is every privileging action on a physician an officer misconduct issue? It is not. And so it doesn't need to be in the UCMJ chain. And how do you build that understanding? It is through building the relationship with your senior commander and with your medical chain of command.    Dr. Heck. Okay. Thank you. That is very helpful.    You know, one of the other issues that we have discussed--again, you know, the whole purpose behind this and this series of hearings is in preparation for the MHS study and what does MHS look like in the future. And that is why we thought it was critically important to talk to the MTF commanders that are really the foundation upon which MHS is built.    If you can, just talk a little bit about your staffing models and how you figure out how many bodies you need in your facility in uniform of given specialties. I would imagine it is based on your go-to-war mission and what you are going to need to send forward should the balloon go up.    And how do you balance that with then meeting the needs of beneficiaries, you know, when you look at a specific model of having so many in-uniform providers? And your feelings on the substitutions of, well, you know, an OB/GYN can be .5 general surgeon if we move forward, and is that the right way to staff for military contingencies.    I am going to start with Colonel Littlefield, if I could.    Colonel Littlefield. Certainly. Yes, sir.    Again, I come back to the word ``balance.'' It is something we try to look at for the Air Force when we POM out or look ahead, years ahead. We try to determine what that is going to be and have that ability to provide the care to our members.    But it does start with what our wartime mission is. You know, at the end of the day, there is no separation. We are constantly keeping people ready; doesn't matter if it is wartime or not. But if our people are deploying, we have to have those people ready to go at a moment's notice and still take care of the people back home, as well.    So I would just say projected out as much as we can, discussions with our headquarters, and talking through the benefits that we need to provide our community.    Dr. Heck. So would you say that, you know, you have a certain number of uniformed healthcare providers based on your wartime mission, and then do you beef that up based on your beneficiary population is? Or do you just look to then get in civilian providers to take care of the delta?    Captain Freedman.    Captain Freedman. Mr. Chairman, much like Colonel Littlefield, our OPLANs determine a bit of our manning there, with the combatant commanders feeding that information. And it is put through what we call MedMACRE, which is Medical Manpower All Corps Requirements Estimator. And in that, we build a seashore rotation base, a platform for our service men and women to rotate overseas, those forward contingencies. And then we have the beneficiary mission and the training mission all built into that too.    To get to your question on can we flex to meet the needs in the local community, absolutely. We have a great mix of Active Duty, as we have talked about from that estimate, but also GS and contract staff members, all playing an integral role. We have our GSes, our continuity to make sure that when we PCS and transition there is someone to provide that continuity of leadership and training for the staff. The contract force can be brought in easily to meet mission requirements from our commanders on the base or from working with our managed care support contractor in trying to recapture care.    So we have that base from the OPLANs, and then we have some flexibility on the ground as a commander.    Dr. Heck. Either of the other--anything different from either of you in that regard?    Colonel Place. It is remarkably similar. Once we get through Total Army Analysis based on the COCOM requirements, we go through a human capital distribution program that then allocates out the uniformed members. And then, after that, we preferentially go to GS. And then, when we need to, based on, you know, time, how long you need to have it, how quickly, and so forth. So we do the analysis based on that to follow it up.    Colonel Heimall. Sir, I think the challenge we have at Walter Reed, as I have learned over the last 5 months, is we are dealing with three different staffing models. And we somehow--everybody thinks theirs is perfect. I think there are some really great things about each of the services' staffing validation models.    The challenge is--and DHA has been very, very supportive in helping us work through this--is how do we find the right one to support what we are doing and demonstrate to the services that their military staff assigned to us are really getting the competencies and skills sustainment that they need when they go back out to a smaller service platform or when they deploy with their service.    Dr. Heck. Great. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. Thanks.    All right. I have one last question.    Captain Freedman, you talked about some of your innovative access programs, whether it is using a smartphone or your advice line. Is that a best practice through BUMED , or is that something you are just doing at your facility?    Captain Freedman. Thank you, Chairman.    It is actually brought by Navy Medicine to innovate--and that is what is great about our system--through our regional commands to share best practices with each other. So we are not the only MTF to have a smartphone application. We have an incredible number of downloads, over 6,000 right now, and patients are actually using them.    So we learn from each other, but it is not--even though we developed it at Camp Lejeune, it is something that we share throughout the services.    Dr. Heck. So it populates amongst the tri-service community, not just within Navy Medicine.    Captain Freedman. Well, the innovation, I mean, it is an individual application for our facility. But the concept is something that we share throughout Navy Medicine. And I think it is going to really, I mean, I am sure, as you are aware, will change the way that we deliver medicine in 5 or 10 years from now.    Dr. Heck. Yeah.    Colonel Place, you got something you want to add there?    Colonel Place. Yes, sir. I would add I know of at least two Army facilities doing the same thing, that have created similar apps. And we have talked; as commanders, we get together and have opportunities to discuss.    So, yes, I think we do a pretty good job overall within the services of innovating, to try and keep up with what the expectations are from our beneficiaries. I think that is important that we do that and they become best practices and then we disseminate them out. So that whole knowledge management piece is important, I think, within the services, and I think we are doing much better at that.    Dr. Heck. Great.    Well, again, I want to thank all of you, the four of you, for taking the time and hanging here in this very hot room for an hour and a half and through three rounds of questions.    I found the information very insightful and helpful as we try to tackle the MHS reform study, when and if we get it, but certainly in looking forward of how we make the military healthcare system meet its vision of having a dual readiness mission of making sure we have ready healthcare professionals to deploy and we keep our force ready to deploy.    So, again, thank you all very much.    And, Mrs. Davis, thanks for staying so long. I know it has been a long one.    And we will be adjourned.