    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you to the panel for being here today.    I want to ask a little bit about integrated pest management and some concerns I have about the funding there. Obviously, that is an important part of the research that you do.    It gives farmers important data and provides innovative solutions. There is a lot of wonderful things that come out of it, and it has certainly been a good collaborative approach.    I want to mention the benefits to my State, besides agricultural. The Northeast Region IPM Center at Cornell has been a really important resource for some of the researchers in our State who are trying to understand some of the challenges we have through the incredible increase in tick-borne diseases: Lyme diseases, Powassan, and ticks I can't even pronounce the name of.    But they are increasingly a problem and a huge challenge for us in the Northeast and other parts of the country where they hit hardest in our summer season. They are dangerous to children, adults, and tourists.    They are just a big problem. And we don't know a lot about them, about the control of them and how to handle them. So the research dollars that have been available to us have been very important.    So I just want to express my concerns that since this is a critical program and we are always looking for information about ever-expanding pests and diseases, that there is no increase in the budget. How we are going to handle no increases in funding in something that is just such a critical problem?    Ms. Pingree. Well, thank you.    And I just want to reiterate my concern about making sure it is adequately funded. It is certainly one of the ways where people who aren't necessarily directly involved in agriculture or farming see the benefit of the research that you do. And, as you say, these problems are increasing and certainly as some of our weather changes.    One other question--I think I have time--a little bit about organic research. We can all debate this, you know, here or anywhere else about the demand for organic products, but the fact is, in the marketplace demand is just soaring, people's interest in pursuing purchasing organic products, finding more available. And the last thing we want to have is more of those products having to be produced outside of the United States.    It is a place where we are falling behind. The National Organic Standards Board released a list of unmet organic research priorities, everything from curing mastitis in cows without the use of antibiotics or how to deal with pesticide residue in compost. It just seems that these are important questions for organic farmers. They are important for conventional farmers.    So can you talk a little bit--I don't have a lot of time left--but about the role that it plays. And perhaps offline you could give me for the record an accounting of how much organic research has been done through the AFRI program in the last 5 years. I know you can't get all of that in a limited time, but I just want to emphasize the critical importance of it.    Ms. Pingree. Great. I am out of time, but I would really appreciate being able to kind of look across all sectors and see what we are doing and not getting done.    Thank you.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I have one relatively simple question. But I will just say--because it has come up a few times in our questions today on the issues around antibiotics used in animal feed, especially antibiotics that are critically, medically important--it just seems like today there is an awful lot of research out there and an enormous amount of concern about the diminishing availability of antibiotics that are available to hospitals, doctors, those that critically use them.    It seems to me really beneficial that an emphasis is being placed on this in the President's budget and the Department is looking into it. And I think, in the long run, it will be very helpful to our agricultural producers.    We can think sometimes on this Committee or other Committees, Agriculture, that we write the policy, but in the end, it has a lot to do with consumer demand.    And, as I have mentioned earlier, you know, the recent announcement by McDonald's that they want to buy antibiotic-free chicken is going to change the marketplace tremendously, and chicken producers are already worrying about how to deal with that.    Having that critical research about how to make the transition, what will happen in the poultry industry, to me, seems very critical. In the end, it sort of doesn't matter what we think up here because, in the end, that is what the consumer is saying, and they make the ultimate decision.    And I am pleased to see that the consumer has been reading the newspaper and worrying about it and wants to do the right thing for their kids. So thank you for keeping an emphasis on that.    My relatively minor question is about Agriculture in the Classroom, a program that is funded at only $552,000. When we talk about the raising age of farmers there is a lot of concern about who will be the next generation of farmers in our country. And, at the same time, there is a lot of interest on the part of young people at seeing agriculture in a different way, getting involved in agriculture, taking over the family farm or a whole variety of things.    So I know the President's not funding this in the USDA budget. It is being moved into the Department of Education and sort of under all STEM programs. I am a huge STEM fan. But now it is going to be kind of combined with engineering, NASA, you know, everything out there. And I just want to express some concerns that this has been a beneficial program. It is relatively minor funding.    And if we really want to give young people the opportunity to understand future careers and the tools to go into it, I just want to raise some concern that, while there might be some efficiencies here in putting it under STEM and putting it in the Department of Education, I am just worried it is going to get lost.    Ms. Pingree. Great. Thank you very much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.