    Mr. Bost. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I think I would kind of like to continue down that because of my experience in the State. And I am trying to figure out--first off, this would be a pretty broad step towards removing States' rights and their abilities. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Swift. Yes. That's why I say it is very difficult, because it is considered a State responsibility.    Mr. Bost. And I don't know other States, but I can give you Illinois. Illinois, though we might have the department of professional regulation that handles one area, we also have other boards and other groups that handle other licensing. So how would we work to combine them in a positive way so that we could have one standard, I guess? Do you have any suggestions on that?    Mr. Swift. I actually don't.    Mr. Bost. Yeah. That is my----    Mr. Swift. I just think that there may be financial incentives for States to begin looking at streamlining, to help mobility of people in the workforce and multinational corporations, and to try to be encouraged to move away from these mutually exclusive scopes.    Because let's just take healthcare for a sample. As we move from hospital-based care to community-based care, we have to have people who can multitask and are working in the home and in the community. And so, to say that you can only do one little thing by the license is going to be an impediment to deliver good healthcare in this regard.    So I guess I would approach it from that. But I don't think I have a good answer for you.    Mr. Bost. But this particular proposal is not just on healthcare licensing; it is on all licensing.    Mr. Swift. No, no. I was just giving healthcare as an example.    Mr. Bost. I know, for example, for cosmetology, the level of training required and for licensing in the State of Illinois is so much different than States around them. And so where do we set the standard? Do we set it at the Illinois standard, or do we set it at one of the other--the lower State standard?    Mr. Bost. Please.    Mr. Bost. Yes, because I have a tendency to believe that it, like, jumps all over States' rights.    Mr. Bost. The base standard.    Mr. Bost. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.