    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Burwell, thank you so much for the phone call, very much appreciate you reaching out.    I just want to note the current crisis with the opioids, there is obviously some impact from infants to the elderly. We need to approach this from a broader perspective, this is symptomatic. I view it as a broader epidemic of substance abuse. It does not matter how large or how small the community is, it is present.    This is kind of an all hands on deck for the Executive Branch, Legislative Branch, and all of the partners, we need to be working together.    My question though is regarding access to health care. In your testimony, you state that through targeted investments, the administration's budget expands access to health care, particularly for rural and underserved areas. I represent Pennsylvania's Fifth Congressional District. It is the State's most rural, largest congressional district, about 24 percent of the land mass. I know rural. I know it well.    As a former health care provider for almost 30 years, access requires the presence of providers in our communities, first. I do not care how you pay for it or all the other moving parts of it. You have to have that access. There has to be a presence.    Really, a tremendous concern considering the fact that more than 45 rural hospitals have closed since 2010, and approximately 300 others are in danger of closing. I struggle to understand how these facts support your conclusion that the Affordable Care Act is having a positive effect on the well-being of employers, employees, providers, health care professionals, and most importantly, patients in rural areas.    Can you expand on your statement in regard to those facts? That is a trend line that is not good and it scares me.    Mr. Thompson. Obviously, I keep my finger on the pulse of this because that was my life, working to provide access to cost effective care. I see rapid expansion monopolies, that compounds it by raising costs, monopolies tend to do that, it takes the pressure off for increased quality. I think there are a lot of issues going on, and I would say they have been compounded since that time.    Thank you so much. I look forward to continuing the discussion offline.