    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. As a former U.S. attorney, I always appreciate and listen to concerns expressed by law enforcement whenever Congress proposes changes to a law that may impact your ability to do your job because you're the folks that are working so hard to keep us safe, and I want to certainly make sure you have the tools and resources and capability necessary to do that effectively.    That being said, I also strongly believe that in an increasingly connected, complex, digital society, our laws have to be modernized to make sure they reflect the current technological landscape. As our technology is evolving, this extremely personal information is being stored on our computers, on our smartphones, on our Fitbits, where we travel, what we eat, what we read, where we shop, who we communicate with, all highly personal information, and so we've got to make sure we've got robust protections in place for that.    I certainly don't believe that the Fourth Amendment protections that we all hold so dear and the needs of law enforcement are mutually exclusive. And I appreciate all the witnesses being here today to have a thoughtful discussion about that.    Mr. Ceresney, I want to start with you because, from my perspective, it seems like that the SEC has been the most vocal civilian agency in expressing concerns about modifying ECPA, but the SEC doesn't appear to have served a subpoena on a commercial provider in 5 years since the Warshak decision. And despite that, the SEC's annual report last year, 2014, touted a record year, cutting edge enforcement actions, more cases than ever before, a number of first ever cases that span the securities industry.    And I know that Chairman White has testified that the SEC isn't issuing subpoenas to third-party service providers for content. So given the record number of cases, enforcement actions, and first ever cases brought by the SEC, all done without encroaching on Fourth Amendment rights of Americans, why is the SEC asking Congress to give it the authority to get content on something less than a warrant?    Mr. Ratcliffe. When you say what you are proposing, I mean, how have you been proposing it?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, because, you know, from my perspective, it seems like you've been altering your behavior for the last few years in response to this opinion rather than coming to a committee of jurisdiction, at least from my perspective. I know that when FBI has a problem, they come and let us know what it is and how we can fix it.    Mr. Ratcliffe. That's fair enough. Thanks for that.    Mr. Salgado, in your testimony, paraphrasing here a little bit, but essentially you seem to be saying that H.R. 699 is really just a codification of the status quo under Warshak. Is that right?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. You don't think that H.R. 699 goes beyond the holding in Warshak?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Mr. Calabrese, you agree with that?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Mr. Rosenzweig.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. I'm going to yield. My time is about to expire, so I'm going to yield back the balance of my time. Thank you all for being here.