    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here with us again today.    At the risk of piling on, I want to associate myself also with the concerns already mentioned regarding the coal industry. My district is a district and a state heavily dependent upon the coal industry, not only for reliable energy, affordable energy, but also the jobs that it represents.    I was on a trip to Europe just a couple of weeks ago, and one of the statements that one of our European colleagues in the energy sector made was that, over the last 20 years or so, they have led America in shutting down much of their coal industry in an effort to reduce their carbon emissions, but some of those European countries, when we ask them what their energy profile looked like, they are returning to a higher percentage of a use of coal. And when I questioned them about that, I said why is that the case and how do you think you are going to be able to reach this 40 percent reduction by 2030, and this official said, look, we have learned, our ratepayers, our businesses and our residential customers, have said they are no longer willing to pay the exorbitant high prices for energy. The idea is you make coal so expensive by taxing the carbon emissions that renewables and other alternative forms of energy are more economically attractive. They are going back to coal. I don't know why America, Mr. Secretary, why we have to learn this lesson the hard way; that coal still provides the most reliable, affordable energy on the planet.    And so let me get off of this subject because I have some others I want to talk to you about. You expressed a willingness to come to West Virginia with Senator Manchin and Representative McKinley. Can you swing through Ohio at the same time----    Mr. Johnson . That you are in the region, and I would love to take you to talk to some of our coalmining cooperators and some of the manufacturers who are being asked to idle their plants because there is not enough energy on the grid to meet the peak demand. And that is today. That doesn't even count for what is coming.    Mr. Johnson. Can you help facilitate that?    Mr. Johnson. Good.    Mr. Johnson. Well, my office will be in touch and we will----    Mr. Johnson. All right. We would like to do that.    Let me move quickly to these other questions. In March, William O'Keefe, the CEO of Marshall Institute, penned an editorial in the Washington Times where he notes that the Council of Economic Advisors' annual economic report for 2015 details the beneficial effects that LNG exports would bring for domestic employment, geopolitical security in the energy industry and the environment. He also makes the point that unless we act soon, we are going to lose many of these benefits. He says, while the American policymakers procrastinate, other countries are stepping up to meet these needs. The United States has an incentive not to wait. Our window of opportunity is closing.    So with that in mind, what are your thoughts not only on LNG exports, but are there any specific steps and policies we should be putting in place today to realize this opportunity before it is lost?    Mr. Johnson. I hear you, Mr. Secretary. Then why does the rest of the world, why are they still urging America to get into the LNG export market on a global basis? Why does the rest of the world----    Mr. Johnson . And the oil and gas industry thing that we are not participating in the global export?    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Chairman, my time has expired.    Mr. Johnson. I would submit to our committee and to the Secretary, there is a big disconnect somewhere because the experts tell us that our price is going to rise when we get into the global export market. We haven't seen that. We have heard that the global market price is going to come down. We haven't seen that. So I don't know where the disconnect is, but there is a big disconnect somewhere.