    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cox, the first question I have is for you from a perspective of AASHTO. I was talking with our Secretary Lynn Peterson last week from Washington State a little bit about this issue of practical design. And despite the efforts of AASHTO, only a handful of States have actually adopted practical design consistently, something that in Washington State we are trying to do, and trying to perhaps get that to be used more.    Can you talk a little bit about why States regularly are not using practical design to develop and deliver projects, and what some of the hurdles may be?    Mr. Larsen. Oh, OK. Great. Yes, I would appreciate that. It is something we want to be looking at.    As well, we have seen decreased traffic fatalities over the past few years, but pedestrian and bike deaths have not gone down at the same rate. So last year a few of us asked the GAO to look at this trend, and one suggestion we have heard is that we are over-engineering or over-building roads so that the posted speed limit may not match the size of the road. As a result, that contributes to a more unsafe road for bikers and pedestrians.    Has AASHTO looked at this issue, the relationship between design standards and road safety for bikers and pedestrians?    Mr. Larsen. Sure.    Mr. Larsen. Yes. Thanks.    Mayor, I have several questions for you. It has to do with a bill that I have introduced called TIGER CUBS. You know the TIGER program is for large projects. We introduced something that would be for smaller projects because we found that if you want nickels and dimes, you can get it from the Federal highway program. If you want big chunks of money, you can get it. But if you are a city of mid-size and you want something in between, there is really no one pot of money for that city to complete a project that is big for that mid-sized city but small compared to what TIGER is directed at.    I was wondering if NLC has taken a look either at that, my bill, or just the general idea of looking at some of these mid-sized cities and how to help them access Federal dollars for those one-time big projects that are big for those mid-sized cities.    Mr. Larsen. Thank you. And just one final note. If you all--and I will pass it on to the NGA as well--if you all can be more specific and help us be more specific about the funding issue. We are always talking about robust funding, but trying to get to the answer here is a little like talking about the weather. Right? Everyone talks about it and no one does anything about it. We need to get a lot of help to be specific about the funding need in the future.