    Mr. Rokita. I thank the Chairman. Mr. Pinto, would you like to continue on? Anything else you want to add to that response?    Mr. Rokita. Thank you, Mr. Pinto. I appreciate that. I apologize, as well, for not being here for the entire hearing. I was at an education--helping chair an education subcommittee hearing. So I have that on my mind, so I am going to switch over to Dr. Lindsay here for a little bit.    It seems, I know. Federal policy over the last several decades is such that it focused on enrolling students in college and what is the result, and what is your reaction to that?    Mr. Rokita. Say that one more time, please.    Mr. Rokita. That is amazing. I do not think that I have spent a good deal of my day in education policy. I do not know that I have heard it stated like that.    Mr. Rokita. I appreciate that very much. I am going to put up a slide here, hopefully soon. Yes, thank you guys very much.    Student loans themselves, $1.6 trillion, if you aggregate all that stuff. That is how much of the household debt student loans consume. It is my contention that these same policies, Dr. Lindsay, that you are talking about that have put ``more money on the education street,'' for example, have done nothing really but increase college and university budgets, perhaps professor salaries and the like, and that is what is really driving our debt. More access to the cash means budgets and everything go up. You know, that is just the layman's interpretation of what I see on that committee on almost a weekly basis. Do you agree or disagree?    Mr. Rokita. So as a result, some have come up with some what others would call radical proposals for, not necessarily getting the government out, all of that would be the effect of it, but making the government loaning of money in this space unneeded. They are not going to work for every student or every discipline, but one in particular I subscribe to; there are others, is called ISAs or income sharing agreements and, again, some say that is pretty controversial. Honestly, it is not a setup question. I just want your opinion on concepts like that, and you can describe the concept or I can.    Mr. Rokita. Right, exactly, some skin in the game.