    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I always try to start out hearings by stating what I think we can all agree on. Today I think we can agree that the IRS should have strong systems in place to properly preserve Federal records and to protect its computer systems from cyberattacks. I think we can agree on that, and those are valid goals, and I know that the IRS agrees with them.    However, I do not believe this committee has been serving its intended purpose when it comes to the IRS generally. Unfortunately, Republicans have become obsessed with investigating any and every allegation relating to the IRS, no matter how small. I believe this is because Republicans were not able to find any evidence to support their baseless accusations that the White House conspired with Lois Lerner to target conservative groups for political reasons. They also were not able to identify any evidence that Commissioner Koskinen or any IRS employees destroyed evidence in order to obstruct our investigation.    For the record, this is our 23rd hearing on the IRS. The 23rd. 23rd. That is amazing. We have now interviewed 54 witnesses. The IRS commissioner has testified six times, more than any other agency has over the past 3 years. The IRS had produced more than 1.3 million pages of documents from 88 custodians in response more than 80 requests for documents. Yet despite this exhaustive multi-agency, multi-committee, multiyear investigation, this wild goose chase continues, and it has come up empty.    Last year, the inspector general issued his report and identified no evidence to substantiate Republican claims of political motivation by the White House or intentional destruction of evidence. Specifically, the report found, ``No evidence was uncovered that any IRS employee had been directed to destroy or hide information from Congress, the DOJ, or     The Justice Department also conducted an investigation and concluded that, ``Not a single IRS employee reported any allegation, concern, or suspicion that the handling of tax exempt applications or any other IRS function was motivated by political bias, discriminatory intent, or corruption.'' The Justice Department also found, ``no evidence that any official involved in the handling of tax exempt applications or IRS leadership attempted to obstruct justice, and no evidence of any deliberate attempt to conceal or destroy information.'' Amazingly, none of these findings stopped the Republicans from trying to impeach the IRS commissioner, despite the fact that there is no evidence that he intentionally obstructed our work or destroyed documents.    The problem now is that our committee is in a mindset where we are just trying to get the IRS, and unfortunately the public does not always get a complete or accurate picture as a result. For example, the impetus for today's hearing was a press report that an IRS employee, who was leaving the Agency, had his hard drive erased in violation of a court order. However, we received a letter from the IRS last week explaining that, in fact, the IRS copied this employee's hard drive first. Another example is the outage the IRS experienced last week. The chairman stated that his gut reaction was that the outage was, ``It really does smell like a hack.'' However, the IRS has now briefed our committee that, in fact, it was due to a mechanical device failure, and there is, ``zero percentage chance that this was a cyberattack.''    Yet another example Republicans have focused on is the incident involving PIN numbers that occurred in January. What is not mentioned is that, in fact, the IRS successfully blocked the IP addresses from which this attack was initiated. As a result, this week the IRS confirmed, ``No personal taxpayer data was compromised or disclosed by our IRS systems.'' These are critical facts, and I hope that the public understands them and any press that are here will repeat them. As I said earlier, this is our 23rd hearing on these types of allegations against the IRS.    Imagine instead if we had held 23 hearings on the issue that actually matters to the American people. Imagine if we had held 23 hearings where we brought in drug company officials to explain their skyrocketing prices. Now, that is something that we could really help our fellow citizens on and would make a big difference. Going forward, I hope we will use the resources and the authority of this great committee to serve the interests of our constituents.    I want to thank our witnesses for being with us today. I look forward to your testimony. And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. Questions have been raised by the chairman. I would hope that you would address those. One of the things that all of us, and I know the gentleman from Virginia is one who is an expert in IT and has spent a phenomenal amount of time trying to make sure our government properly functions effectively and efficiently. And the question that the chairman just raised with regard to the use of old systems when we should be in the modern age are questions that, I think, are legitimate questions.    And so, I look forward to your responses. Does the gentleman ----    Mr. Cummings. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.