    Mr. Duncan. The subcommittee will come to order. Pursuant to notice, we meet today to mark up two bipartisan measures and I think this is the first markup of this subcommittee since I have been the chairman, so kind of a momentous day.    As members, we were notified previously to ensure that we can move expeditiously to our hearing. We will consider today's items en bloc, and so without objection the following items provided to your offices earlier this week will be considered en bloc and considered as read: House Resolution 851, expressing profound concern about the ongoing political, economic, social, and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, and the Duncan Amendment 73 in the nature of a substitute to<greek-l>, deg. H.R. 851. Members will please note that two words have been stricken from page 3 per agreement with the majority and minority from the ANS that was previously circulated. We apologize for that.    The second bill be H.R. 5708, the Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act of 2016 and also the Sires Amendment No. 16 in the nature of a substitute, H.R. 5708.    Mr. Duncan. Without objection, all members may have 5 days to submit statements and materials for the record. I will now recognize myself to speak on today's measures.    As the co-sponsor of both pieces of legislation, I want to applaud the efforts of Representatives Wasserman Schultz and Ros-Lehtinen for highlighting the U.S. congressional concerns about the events in Venezuela and Nicaragua and for their leadership on both of these bills. This subcommittee has held two hearings on Venezuela. And we will hold a hearing today on Nicaragua following up the markup.    Ranking Member Sires and I have also worked closely together in our authoring a letter last month to the State Department and the Treasury Department. This letter was signed by over 30 Members of Congress and highlights the need to prioritize Venezuela. These two bills are very timely, given the deteriorating situations in both countries.    We are all familiar with the humanitarian and political crisis in Venezuela right now. This week, a new study found that at least 15 percent of Venezuelans are eating out of the trash. Almost 90 percent of people fear running out of food. More than 1.7 million Venezuelans have fled to Colombia to buy food and medicines since the reopening of that border crossing last month. Further, although Venezuelan people have made their wishes known through protest after protest after protest for a recall referendum to be held this year, President Maduro has suppressed protesters chanting ``We want food'' and refused to hold the referendum this year.    I strongly support H. Res. 851 and my amendment in the nature of a substitute highlights the continuing imprisonment of U.S. citizens, Francisco Marquez and Josh Holt; recognizes that democracy is failing in Venezuela; and acknowledges the efforts of the former President of Spain, Panama, and the Dominican Republic in calling for a dialogue and efforts of 15 countries in the region calling for Venezuela to hold a recall referendum without delay.    My amendment also urges President Obama to continue to stand in solidarity with the Venezuelan people by advocating that President Maduro hold a free and fair recall referendum by the end of this year; release all political prisoners, including U.S. citizens from prison; adhere to democratic principles; and permit the delivery of emergency food and medicine.    In Nicaragua, the people will go to the polls on November 6th in an election where President Ortega is running for a consecutive third term. The opposition has been stripped of their leading candidates and the First Lady is on the Vice Presidential ballot, even though Nicaragua's Constitution bars those related to the President from being a candidate. And Ortega has refused to allow international election observers.    I am deeply concerned about the impacts of President Ortega's consolidation of power and I fully support this legislation authorized by Representative Ros-Lehtinen. Since today, there appears to be no cost to Ortega for his actions undermining the democracy and the rule of law in the country in pursuit of his own interests.    It is my hope that this legislation will support Nicaraguan people by encouraging Ortega to take steps to begin to show a respect for democracy, respect for free and fair elections, respect for the rule of law and respect for human rights in the country.    So I will now recognize the ranking member for his comments on today's measures.    Mr. Duncan. I thank the ranking member for his words and his help on this and his amendment.    Do any other members seek recognition to speak on today's business?    Hearing no further request for recognition, the Chair will now move that the subcommittee favorably report the items considered en bloc to the full committee as amended.    All those in favor say aye.    All opposed no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it and the motion is approved and H.R. 5708 and House Resolution 851 are reported favorably to the full committee as amended.    I want to thank our members and staff for all their assistance and cooperation on today's markup and the subcommittee business meeting will stand adjourned and then we will move right into the hearing. So we will stand adjourned.