    Mr. Horton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Congressman Huffman, and members of the committee. My name is Chris Horton, I am the Fisheries Program Director for the Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation.    I began my career as a fisheries management biologist for a state natural resource agency, and then as the Conservation Director for BASS before joining CSF in 2010. I currently serve on the Recreational Fisheries Working Group of the Marine Fisheries Advisory Committee, and I have served previous terms on the Sport Fish Partnership Council, as well as the National Fish Habitat Board.    However, I am also a private recreational angler that goes to the Gulf of Mexico at least twice a year to fish both inshore and offshore. I am thankful for the opportunity to be back before your committee to discuss the issue of Federal management of our recreational fisheries, and specifically in the context of H.R. 3094.    In my 2013 testimony regarding the Marine Recreational Information Program, or MRIP, I tried to convey how this program, though a significant improvement over the old MRF system, would never be able to provide the necessary information for in-season quota monitoring and closures that the Federal system management requires, especially for red snapper. Two years later, we are still in that same boat. Because of both an inadequate data collection system and an inappropriate model for the recreational sector, we continue to be penalized for a rebuilding fishery.    Based on my previous experience of managing a fishery for a state agency, I know the states can do better. The problem is not with MRIP itself, which is actually a pretty good program for what it was designed to do, and that is to be a broad, general survey to measure angler effort and catch across multiple species around our Nation's coasts. It was never intended to collect precise data for a specific fishery that lasts only a few days.    Red snapper harvest estimates are not available until at least a month after the season has ended, so it is impossible to determine if NOAA's best guess at the season length resulted in supposedly too many fish being caught, or the fact that we could have actually fished a few more days.    Frustrated with managing the fishery based on guesswork, the states have developed their own angler data collection programs. As Secretary Barham has mentioned, Louisiana started LA Creel in 2013, which was funded by an increase in license fees, fully supported by their anglers because they trusted that their state agency could do a better job. During its first year alone, LA Creel was able to survey around 50 times more anglers and intercept around 23 times more harvested fish than the MRIP survey in the state.    But to truly manage a fishery, you need to know more than just what the anglers are harvesting. You need to understand what the population looks like and how it responds to your management actions in real time. Relying heavily, as the Federal model does, on getting a picture of the population primarily by what has landed on the docks is an inherently biased way to approach it. That is why, generally, states assess populations based largely on fishery-independent data, like catch-per-unit effort, as a foundation. Not only does catch-per-unit give you better estimates of population abundance, but this type of fishery-independent sampling allows an opportunity to collect reliable information on size and age structure, relative health of fish within the fishery, et cetera.    This level of understanding of what is going on with the actual population and the capacity to respond in real time is what makes state management more effective than Federal management. One need only look at the state-managed fisheries to see the resounding success of their management approach, both in fresh water and salt water fisheries.    State fisheries managers use the same model, whether managing primarily catch-and-release trophy fisheries, like some large-mouth bass, trout, and snook, or catching grease fisheries, as we would call it in the South, popular harvestable fish like crappie, spotted sea trout, or walleye, because it works, regardless of management.    That is why you practically never hear of fisheries managed under the state model as being overfished or collapsing. Despite what some may lead you to believe, this is not commercial fishermen versus charter-for-hire fishermen versus individual anglers. While the current model is supported by a handful of commercial fishermen fortunate enough to be handed a share of the public resource, it is not appropriate for the recreational sector--either private anglers or the charter-for-hire industry.    The Gulf red snapper population is a public trust resource, and the American public deserves an accountable management system that optimizes access to that resource. H.R. 3094 will provide that accountability, preserve the current commercial fishery as is, and ensure continued sustainability of the red snapper fishery, promote access for all anglers, whether they pay a charter captain to take them to their fish or have the means to catch them themselves.    For this reason, I urge you to support H.R. 3094, and ensure the appropriate management of this important species for the benefit of all Americans. Thank you.