    Mr. Wilshusen. Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify on IRS's Information Security program.    As part of GAO's annual audit of IRS's financial statements, we examined the information security controls over the Service's financial and tax processing systems. As we reported in March, IRS has implemented numerous protections over these systems but weaknesses remain in controls that are intended to prevent, detect and limit unauthorized access to systems and the information they contain.    IRS had developed controls for identifying and authenticating the identity of users and servers. However, they were inconsistently implemented. For example, the agency used easily guessed passwords on servers supporting several systems including those relating to procurements, automated file transfers, management of taxpayer accounts, and processing of electronic tax payment information. In addition, users were granted excessive access permissions on 11 of 14 systems we reviewed including on one system which allowed users to access or change tax payment-related data.    IRS policies require use of encryption, and the agency continued to expand its use. However, sensitive administrative credentials were not encrypted on key systems that we reviewed. Software patches were often not installed in a timely manner on several systems including at least one critical patch that has been available since August 2012. To its credit, IRS had established contingency plans for the systems we review, which help to ensure that critical operations can continue when unexpected events occur. Nevertheless, the control weaknesses we identified were caused in part by IRS's inconsistent execution of its information security program. Including the 45 new recommendations we made in March, IRS has yet to implement 94 of our recommendations. Implementing these recommendations will assist IRS in bolstering its information security and protection over taxpayer information. Until it does so, taxpayer and financial data will continue to be exposed to unnecessary risk.    The importance of protecting taxpayer information is further highlighted by the recent incidents involving the ``Get Transcript'' online service and the billions of dollars that have been lost to identity theft refund fraud. This type of fraud occurs when a criminal obtains personally identifiable information of a legitimate taxpayer and uses it to file a fraudulent return seeking a refund. Because of its continuing significance, we added IRS's efforts to combat identity theft refund fraud to our high-risk area on the enforcement of tax laws. IRS has acted to address this problem but additional actions are needed.    In January 2015, we reported that its tools for authenticating the identity of taxpayers using e-file had limitations and recommended that IRS assess the risks, costs and benefits of its authentication options.    To assist and guide federal efforts, OMB--the Office of Management and Budget--and the National Institute of Standards and Technology play a key role in developing information security policies, standards, and guidelines for federal agencies. Among other things, OMB and NIST have developed guidance for agencies implementing e-authentication protocols. OMB is responsible for overseeing and holding agencies accountable for complying with information security requirements such as those provided in the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014.    In summary, IRS has made progress implementing security protections over its tax-processing and financial systems. However, it needs to do more to adequately safeguard taxpayer data. Until IRS fully implements all of our recommendations to mitigate deficiencies in access and other controls, to consistently implement elements of its Information Security program, and to assess the risks, costs and benefits of its authentication options, taxpayer information will remain at unnecessary risk.    Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith, this concludes my statement. I'd be happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Wilshusen. Well, one of the implications is that information could be used by criminals to commit identity theft and related financial crimes. It can also be used to help promote or facilitate identity theft refund fraud since they would have additional information that could potentially get past IRS's filters for trying to detect that type of fraud.    Mr. Wilshusen. I wouldn't be able to comment on that but I would probably say I have no evidence to show it's higher or lower.    Mr. Wilshusen. Well, uncertainly exists with any estimates with regard to the amount that has been paid or that has not been detected and not paid. IRS provides a rather specific point estimate. However, because you really don't know what you don't know, there's likely to be undetected fraud that hasn't been determined. So there's always uncertainty with those estimates, and that's why we recommended that IRS look at its estimating procedures to account for that uncertainty as to the extent of the fraud.    Mr. Wilshusen. That's correct, on information security, cybersecurity issues.    Mr. Wilshusen. Okay. First, I would answer those questions in order. In terms of enforcing compliance or holding agencies or individuals accountable for implementing information security, it starts first at the agency with the head of the agency. FISMA, the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014, requires the head of the agency and assigns overall responsibility to the head of each agency to ensure that that agency implements appropriate safeguards to protect against the unauthorized use, disclosure, modification of information within that agency. The head of the agency is also responsible for enforcing and ensuring that individuals and employees within that organization are held accountable and comply with that policy and with those procedures.    Some of that responsibility has been delegated to the Chief Information Officer. In some respects at agencies, the Chief Information Security Officer will have some responsibilities to help program managers and assist them in complying with the procedures.    At the government level, it's the Director of Office of Management and Budget, who under FISMA, has responsibility for assuring and enforcing the compliance of information security under the law. The Office of Management and Budget they have employed several different mechanisms to help provide accountability and, if you will, assistance to federal agencies. One of these is through the budget process in which OMB can recommend changes to proposed budgeted amounts for organizations and agencies to help assure that information security policies are being implemented.    It's also through cyber stat meetings, which the Office has established, in which OMB will meet with officials from individual agencies to talk about weaknesses or issues of concern related to information security at that agency with those officials from that agency. And it's intended not only to hold those officials accountable to some extent but also to assist them in implementing the appropriate security controls.    OMB also provides a reporting mechanism through the FISMA annual reporting mechanism in which OMB reports on agencies' progress in implementing information security controls, as determined by the metrics that OMB has determined.    So those are at least some of the options that are available, in terms of what federal agency has that enforcement--well, first of all, it's within--you know, each agency has responsibility, as does OMB, and so they have a responsibility to perform those functions.    In terms of actual actions taken, well, OMB does have the cyber stat reviews. It holds them annually with several organizations. But in terms of holding someone accountable in terms of like firing someone if that's what you're referring to or actually reducing the budget of an organization, I don't know if OMB has done that. I know over the last several years the actual budgets for information security have been increasing rather than decreasing.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. And I now recognize Mr. Westerman for five minutes.    Mr. Wilshusen. I do not.    Mr. Wilshusen. Okay. We have recommendations that remain outstanding and open that go back to our report in 2011 and 2012 and so some of those recommendations actually pertain to filing seasons or fiscal years from like 2010, 2011. We have right now 94 open recommendations, but that includes 45 new recommendations that we just made in March. And so other than those, we do have 49 other recommendations that have been open for over a year.    Mr. Wilshusen. Well, I think you're absolutely correct. These are very common types of security practices that need to be implemented. And they were not being consistently implemented across the IRS. We think there are probably several reasons why that occurs. In some respects, for example, we looked at the IRS's security testing and evaluation procedures, and we noted that they weren't always that successful in identifying the same type of vulnerabilities that we identified.    We also noted that when IRS implemented, for example--said that it had implemented 28 of the recommendations that we previously made, that it had not actually implemented nine of those. That's a reflection of its information security practices or its practices for closing our recommendations before they were actually implemented.    So there's probably a number of reasons why these conditions continue to exist, and certainly not performing those functions and responsibilities in an appropriate manner contribute to that.    Chairwoman Comstock. And I'd like to ask you and Mr. George, given that right now there's basically no one in charge of cyber at the IRS from what we've learned today----    Mr. Wilshusen. No, I do not have knowledge of specific incident. What I do know is that we identified a number of vulnerabilities that increase the risk of such an incident. But has one actually occurred on the databases I--we don't know of one yet.