    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Wormuth, General Austin said that ISIS could be defeated without using U.S. ground troops. I am assuming--and, General Austin, you alluded to this--that would be primarily through the use of Iraqi ground troops. Are there any other partners who have committed to joining those Iraqi ground troops to defeat ISIS in Iraq?    Mr. O'Rourke. I was speaking of ground troops, forces on the ground. So please answer that question.    Mr. O'Rourke. Is the answer that there are no other forces than Iraq----    Mr. O'Rourke. You said that part of our policy going forward would be to train and equip and advise those Iraqi ground forces. How much do we spend doing that between 2003 and 2013?    Mr. O'Rourke. In the tens of billions of dollars.    And you also mentioned that we are going to use a whole-of-government approach. We are going to try to get the larger society together to find solutions. I am not sure that that affords us enough clarity to know exactly how this is going to be different than it was last time, never mind the increasing difficulty and complexity of Syria. We are just talking about Iraq right now.    Can you put those concerns to rest and tell us whether there is a plan to enlist other countries' ground military forces or if, in fact, you will be coming back to us if the Iraqi ground forces are insufficient to defeat ISIS to ask us to add additional U.S. ground forces to the mix?    Mr. O'Rourke. How long is his term in office?    Mr. O'Rourke. You will not be able to predict his successor. Would you agree?    Mr. O'Rourke. Is the administration taking seriously proposals to rethink Iraq as a state, to rethink our partners in Iraq, like the Kurds who have proven to be our only reliable allies on the ground in the fight against ISIS to ensure that they have greater autonomy to maybe look at the fact that Syria and Iraq, to a degree, have arbitrary lines set up a hundred years ago that don't seem to be working for the peoples in those states and only seem to hold together when you have a brutal, repressive dictator, and the experiment in democracy so far in Iraq has been an abject failure? I don't know that I have heard from the administration and from you some larger strategy about how we are approaching problems there, outside of a military solution to the immediate threat of ISIS? Would you care to comment on any of that?    Mr. O'Rourke. Could you--it is not outlined in the AUMF proposal from the President. Could you define ``victory''?    Mr. O'Rourke. So as long as ISIL is seen as a threat to ourselves or any of our partners around the world, we have not won?    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay. Thank you.    Thank you Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Dr. Wenstrup.