    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for sharing your insight with us here today. I am going to focus on the Authorization for Use of Military Force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. And as I understand it--and I think you have confirmed this--there are no geographic limitations in the force authorization sought by the President. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Brooks. And there are other limitations, though, for example, enduring ground troops, time limitations, and also who the target can be. And as a I understand the target, the target of this military force is ``the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant,'' or under section 5, associated persons or forces who are defined as ``individuals and organizations fighting for, on behalf of, or alongside ISIL, or any closely related successor entity in hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners.''    In that vein, there is a February 16, 2015, Associated Press article that says, ``Militants in several countries, including Libya, Egypt, Algeria, Yemen, and Saudi Arabia, have pledged allegiance to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.'' And as we have heard from other sources, we have got Syria, Iraq, Tunisia, Jordan, Sinai, a myriad of other potential countries. Is it fair to say that this authorization sought by the President does allow the use of United States Military Forces in any of these countries if the Islamic State or its associated persons or forces are there?    Mr. Brooks. So if they claim that they are doing that, that doesn't include them?    Mr. Brooks. So we are going to wait until they kill a bunch of people before we attack them. Is that what you are saying the administration's position is?    Mr. Brooks. Well, aren't we really quibbling--as a matter of fact, it is going to be the administration that has to make a judgment call, as we all do in the positions that we hold, and this administration if it decides that these individuals are a part of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant or associated persons or forces, then they will under this resolution use that military force in any geographic area of the world. Is that correct?    Mr. Brooks. And that includes individuals in America?    Mr. Brooks. And that includes individuals in America. That is any geographic area of the world.