    Ms. Sullivan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Fattah, and Members of the subcommittee. I am quite pleased to be here today and talk about NOAA's fiscal year 2016 budget request.    I would agree with both the chairman and the ranking member's assessment that NOAA is one of the most valuable service agencies in the United States Government. Through our observations, our forecasts, and assessments, we strive to provide the foresight and information that people need to live wisely and well on this dynamic planet. At NOAA, we call this information environmental intelligence and producing it is at the core of our mission.    Americans from our citizens to our military to our businesses rely upon this environmental intelligence and the services that NOAA provides every single day from forecasting extreme weather events to providing data that help ensure safe navigation, sustaining and promoting economically viable fisheries, and protecting endangered species.    We leverage our capabilities across all of the different scientific disciplines involved to support the Nation in preparedness, response, and recovery.    Our fiscal year 2016 budget builds on the foundation that was established with the support of this committee and the Congress. It sustains our efforts to put critical information into the hands of the public. Each of the increases in our request is a carefully chosen targeted investment in an area that is most vital for NOAA to meet the growing demand we hear from the public. I would like to touch briefly on the four main priority areas of our request.    First, this request invests in observational infrastructure improvements that are needed to effectively execute NOAA's diverse mission portfolio and protect public safety and welfare now and into the future. To ensure the continuity of our at sea data collection capability, one of the most important requests in our budget is funding for the construction of an ocean survey vessel that is capable of advanced oceanographic research in coastal and deep ocean areas.    NOAA's current fleet will decline from the current 16 vessels to just eight by 2028 without continued investment. We will continue to partner as we do now robustly with the private sector to meet our ship time needs, but a combination of contracts, partnerships, and a robust NOAA fleet is clearly a must if we are to continue to provide the critical reliable data that businesses and the American people depend upon.    NOAA must also ensure the continuity of satellite operations to provide the National Weather Service with the data needed for forecasts that protect lives and property. The fiscal year 2016 budget initiates development of a Polar follow-on satellite system that will reduce the potential for gap in these critical observing systems and enhance our ability to provide timely and accurate weather forecasts now and into the future.    Second, this budget proposes to equip communities to face increasingly frequent natural disasters and confront the long-term adverse environmental changes that are seen. 2014 was the warmest year on record with eight weather and climate disasters, each of which had losses totaling $1 billion. Each of these events causes widespread damage and devastates families, businesses, and communities.    This budget invests in the services and information to support the communities' own efforts to assess their risks and minimize their losses in advance and in the aftermath of such events.    For example, it invests in actionable coastal intelligence tools such as water level data for improved storm surge predictions and nautical charts. It spurs important research to help farmers and coastal communities prepare for and mitigate drought and flooding and it will strengthen and expand the U.S. seafood industry by tapping into a $100 billion aquacultural global market for which this country currently only makes up a one percent share.    Third, this budget makes investments to ensure that America has a National Weather Service that is second to none. Weather and climate impact approximately one-third of our Nation's GDP. It can cost billions of dollars and claim thousands of lives per year.    NOAA continues its commitment to build a weather ready Nation and provide citizens with the most timely, accurate, and well-communicated forecast information.    Specifically this budget invests in several targeted areas needed to improve weather service capability and service delivery to meet key user needs. This includes improving the geographic accuracy for hazardous weather and improving the prediction of precipitation and temperature outlooks for the three to four-week range, a time frame that is essential for emergency managers to prepare for and mitigate these extreme events.    And, finally, this budget aims to improve our agency's core operations. Every day NOAA employees strive to execute our mission with discipline and consistency and timeliness. However, we cannot perform our core functions at the highest level when our support services cannot keep pace with the growing demand.    And in recent years, our support functions have fallen drastically behind. This threatens our ability to recruit, retain, and reward the best talent possible and to ensure our customers receive the best service possible. It compromises our ability to engage with the private sector and academia and to provide you with the quality and timeliness of accountability reporting that you rightly expect.    Our fiscal year 2016 request for corporate services is smaller but similar to what we requested in fiscal year 2015 and will focus on improving corporate service functions, in particular in our workforce and acquisition and grants arena.    Overall, NOAA's fiscal year 2016 budget request reflects the commitment of Secretary Pritzker that she and I have made to the President to growing a strong economy that is built to last while being fiscally responsible and focusing on priority initiatives.    I am proud to serve with this vital component of the United States Government helping to maximize United States competitiveness, enable economic growth, foster science and technological leadership, and promote environmental stewardship.    I look forward to working with you, Mr. Chairman, and Members of this committee as well as partners and our constituents to achieve the goals that I have articulated through the implementation of this budget. And I thank you for this opportunity to make a comment.    Ms. Sullivan. Well, it is very kind of you to inquire, Mr. Chairman. I was driven from a very young age by a strong curiosity, basically a strong geographic curiosity about virtually every aspect of geography, landscapes, climate, critters, peoples, cultures.    And, frankly, if you poked me as a little girl and asked me what my dream was, it was to figure out how someone bought me airline tickets so I could actually get to go to all these exotic places and learn firsthand about those phenomena and those people and those places.    I first began thinking I would parlay a strength I have in foreign languages into a career like that and so actually chose my college as a language and linguistics major.    Ms. Sullivan. I was already fluent in French and German and I wanted to go into Russian. And happily that college had the wisdom to require me as an arts and language major to take three science courses which I thought was a terrible idea at the time.    They won and I discovered geology and oceanography and saw in the lives and the work of my young professors, all of whom were male, but I admired their curiosity. I admired their spunk getting out into the field. They invited us into the passion that they felt for understanding this planet and how it works and for turning that information, the scientific data into information that could really help people live better.    Ms. Sullivan. Well, and young Dr. Robert Ballard and I went to sea together in 1974 on the cruise that began his arc of fame. He was at that time a very wet-behind-the-ears post-doc who was, frankly, doing all the grunt work for the big names who were aboard----    Ms. Sullivan . The cruise. I was even more junior to Bob, so I got to do the even grimier grunt work, but that was quite a remarkable voyage in its own right. And it was those sorts of experiences, the chance to live overseas in Norway for a year for my junior year that reshifted my focus towards geology and oceanography, towards the North Atlantic in particular which is why I studied in Canada.    Barriers to overcome, I was blessed to have parents that inoculated me through their confidence and their composure that any interest their child has is an interest that is valid for that youngster to pursue. And the peanut gallery does not get to edit those choices, but also strong enough to tell me, you know, you have got to work hard at the things you care about. Mastery is an important thing unless you just want to make it your hobby.    And so that gave me, I think, some ability to proceed on an ignorance is bliss basis. If my work was good, I just managed to largely ignore people who thought it was odd that I should be doing this.    You know, it is challenging and you certainly can meet a boss or a mentor or supervisor who more actively tries to hold you back. I was fortunate to not meet any really malicious people who aimed to hold me back, but there were plenty who challenged me hard.    And I think it is fair to say that those of us women in the early days of oceanography and geology and the astronaut corps, I think we certainly had to reach to a higher level to be accredited as basically capable. You know, that is not a bad thing. It does make you stronger.    Ms. Sullivan. The 25th anniversary this coming month.    Ms. Sullivan. Thanks for that question.    We have done a number of things. One is, really along with our partners at NASA, we looked carefully at how we are managing the current primary satellite, the NPP satellite, making sure that we are working well within margins, we are not over-straining systems, doing everything we possibly can within the operations of that satellite itself to up the likelihood that it will last to and beyond its design life.    That is all going to be statistics. You can make a guess. Mr. Fattah can make a guess. Mrs. Herrera Beutler can make a guess. And a micrometeorite could hit it tomorrow or----    Ms. Sullivan . It could run for a long time. So we are doing that. We are doing everything we can to extend the life of NPP.    We scrubbed the JPSS-1 procurement schedule very assiduously again with our NASA colleagues and our vendors. We have pulled that to the left as far as it is technically possible to do. The big constraint there are the long lead parts and the intricacy of assembling the primary instruments that make the key vertical profiles of the atmosphere. There is just only so much that our vendors tell us they can compress that given the realities of their supply chains.    Thirdly, you will recall we mounted an array of activities with, in particular, the Sandy supplemental funds aimed at inoculating ourselves in every other way we could against a loss of data. So factors that feed into that are improvements in our operational super-computing capacity at the Weather Service, improvements in what is called data assimilation, the mathematics by which you pull the data into the system. That actually can play a significant role in the skill, the final result of a model.    We have been doing some assessments of whether short-fill temporary data sources, how might they make up for a loss of JPSS satellite from purchasing more aircraft data. We buy data from commercial suppliers of measurements from airplanes, for example.    The key contributor there is the COSMIC radio occultation system. There is a COSMIC version 1 in orbit now but well past its design life and our focus on securing all 12 of the COSMIC-2 sensors goes very directly to the notion that they can play a significant role should we lose Polar satellite data.    Ms. Sullivan. JPSS-1 has been meeting every budget and schedule target consistently for the last 24 months. The program has retired those management risks that were a problem in the 2009, 2010, 2011 time frame. Our GAO colleagues concur in that assessment. It is now a stable and well-managed program. It is on track to launch in the very beginning of calendar 2017.    I would have to pick a random number, Mr. Culberson. You would have to decide what probability of a failure do you want me to calculate the number on. And you can get a range from 12 to 14----    Ms. Sullivan. Depending how you cull the statistics, you could say it is a 12 to 14 or 18 month. And there are more cautious or worried people who would say, oh, it could be 36 or 48 months. It entirely depends on what----    Ms. Sullivan . Probability. If you want to tell me I want a 90 percent probability or 80 or 40 or a 30, that gap length will vary significantly. So it is a pretty random exercise to try to pick a gap length.    Ms. Sullivan. We have turned over every rock and we have asked them point blank if we could provide an additional slug of money, can we change this. And they tell us they cannot. They do not have the wherewithal to stand up----    Ms. Sullivan . Separate parallel lines. The important thing to do in our view is to move out with this budget and establish the Polar follow-on program because it is that. It is breaking out of this one-at-a-time procurement cycle and moving towards a more economically effective multiple satellite purchase that will prevent us from kicking this gap further down the road and having the same problem at JPSS-2 and ever thereafter.    Ms. Sullivan. Thank you, Mr. Fattah.    We have made great strides forward in weather forecast capability. Earlier this year, we were able to step up the operational super-computing capacity times three and sharpen the resolution of our models from 13 kilometers to three kilometers.    You know, if you are Craig Fugate or a county emergency manager, that boils down to now being able to give you a projection of where the key severe weather and storms are going to be that is down to the street and block level, not to just the city level. Tremendous step forward.    On tsunamis, what we have been able to do most recently----    Ms. Sullivan. Thank you.    I had commented we have stepped our operational super-computing capacity----    Ms. Sullivan. Up three times and that is what our model was, resolution, get down to storm scale, so we are pinpointing a storm in a neighborhood, not roughly a storm somewhere over your city. That is a tremendous improvement for emergency management folks.    Ms. Sullivan. From 13 kilometers to three kilometers, but that is about the computer power that lets us put a finer grid cell into the model. That has been a huge step forward.    That model when we ran it in parallel with the derecho a couple of years ago, we had a ten-hour warning on the derecho which is what led us to get the emergency management----    Ms. Sullivan. Derecho.    Ms. Sullivan. Mrs. Herrera Beutler will correct my pronunciation if I am off.    Ms. Sullivan. Well, yeah.    Ms. Sullivan. With respect to tsunami warnings, one of our key concerns there had been the buoy. We have buoys on the deep sea floor of the Pacific and Indian and Atlantic oceans that measure the tsunami when the tsunami is about a half an inch high in the middle of the ocean. This sensor on the sea floor 15,000 feet below can detect it and help us triangulate where it is going and how it is going to develop.    And they are far away out in the middle of the ocean and they are in deep water. It takes very specially equipped ships to be able to service them. And their in-service rate had fallen off because of declines in ship time due largely to the fuel price increases. We have been able to get that tsunami buoy network back up to its 80 percent operational target, so----    Ms. Sullivan. Throughout the entire system.    Ms. Sullivan. Yeah, 80 percent. So, you know, that has been a real success. And we have both our Anchorage and our Hawaii forecast centers that model the whole globe. You have to model the whole globe to do tsunami forecasting, the entire global ocean. That can be done anywhere. We do it in Anchorage and we do it in Hawaii.    The Hawaii center is linked to the International Tsunami Warning Center so that our international partners like the Indonesians or the Indians, the Malaysians collaborate and they take the warnings and propagate them through their emergency system to protect their citizens.    Ms. Sullivan. It is a complex issue and a complex question, but as you note, it is a very important one and a very challenging one in particular in the Gulf. Just as a backdrop, although it is counterintuitive, part of what we are dealing with here is a cognitive dissonance that comes from the success that actually has been achieved in the Gulf in actually rebuilding the stock. There are more snapper and they are larger and they are being seen now in places where they have not been seen for decades. And all of that is thanks to the discipline and the self-sacrifice of constituents, including the recreational fisher----    Ms. Sullivan. Well, yes. So there is where the apparent inconsistency comes in. And the catch limits for snapper are set on weight and so, when you get bigger fish, fewer fish total up to that weight sooner. And that has had this sort of ironic and counterintuitive consequence of shortening the number of days, because the weight quota is met faster with the bigger fish. I completely sympathize with the sort of clash that creates for your folks down in the Gulf.    Ms. Sullivan. I know it goes all across around the Gulf states.    Ms. Sullivan. I suspected that might be the case.    With respect to data, and our Southeast region is actually a good example of this, we have completely open data calls. Anybody, any party can bring data, and it is everyone adjudicates and debates which data meet the quality standards that the council has agreed must be met for anybody's data to be accepted. If one of my guys brings a study in that does not meet those standards, it does not get included in the data that will go into the assessment.    So we do use outside data, we rely on it quite a lot.    Ms. Sullivan. It is, yes.    Ms. Sullivan. We do fund, we do fund. And I know Mr. Crabtree, I can get the statistics for you and give you a more detailed briefing. That is the purpose of NMFS's cooperative research. We do not have to establish and pay the overhead of having an institute per se, because the cooperative research budget lines that we have within NMFS are intended to do exactly that. I would be happy to get the detailed data on how much cooperative research is being done associated with snapper across the Gulf.    Whoever does that cooperative research and whoever collects those data on the back end, the data have to pass a peer review to be accepted. So, I mean, my guys could go out and do a bad job on a cruise too. We do not want their data going in----    Ms. Sullivan . Un-quality checked.    Ms. Sullivan. I would prefer to not put extra overhead expenses in this setting up an institute per se with all the administrivia that might come along with that.    Ms. Sullivan. But I would like to bring back the data on what cooperative research is actually currently being done with respect to snapper in the Gulf. I do not know those figures, I do not know the dollar values or the participants.    Ms. Sullivan. It is certainly worth looking at.    Ms. Sullivan. That is exactly the----    Ms. Sullivan. Very much willing to follow up with you, Mr. Jolly.    Ms. Sullivan. Those are the global atmospheric temperatures.    Ms. Sullivan. I would have to page through my written testimony, that was in my oral statements.    Ms. Sullivan. Thank you for those questions.    Ms. Sullivan. I do not have the exact date at my fingertips of when we will have that FFO out. I know it is in final stages, so I do expect it very shortly. And the regional ocean partnerships, the coastal zone programs, all I think could be competitive under the terms that I think will be the final terms of it. But it is soon and we will be happy to get back to you when we have got the exact date on that.    Your next question was about the capacity and, you know, I have really seen that vividly as I have traveled around. I was in Hoboken on the second anniversary of Sandy, talking with the mayor there about what are they doing, how are they trying to get up on the curve of the kind of challenges they have there where they can get flooded from every side and up through the ground.    I have been down in New Orleans and met with that city's mayor and resilience manager. And just a couple weeks ago stopped by New York to talk with both the Bloomberg and the Rockefeller foundations that are also trying to move some of their financial capacity and expertise out to do just what you say. To help communities build the capacity within their municipal governments to do smarter planning, to be more aware of the vulnerabilities they have, to have the kind of information tools, which again start with data and start with sound maps.    And key to those maps along the coastal zones are of course the coastal bathymetry, a solid and accurate bathymetry, water level data, the kind of data that NOAA provides from our coastal intelligence arena.    The scale of the need is huge and I cannot begin to say that we are doing enough yet to really meet what we hear and see from communities as demand within NOAA. Our budget request this year has a couple of asks in it that reflect that. A couple million dollars to provide an AmeriCorps kind of service capacity out in the field to get out to those communities and help them begin to start up their own efforts. An expansion of the regional coastal resilience grants from five, which was barely enough to begin taking the lessons learned and practices from the Sandy area out beyond New York, New Jersey, to 45. And uses we would intend with these funds are right on the points that we heard loud and clear from the state and local and tribal leaders who came together in the President's task force in the wake of Sandy.    The whole Federal family wanted to be sure that we were not talking to ourselves about what the needs are and what the real gaps in their capability are, but we actually heard from them about what do you most need from the Federal Government to help you. And when it comes to NOAA, what they most need are the kind of environmental intelligence data that we provide that have very simple first-order tools that are sort of their starting set tools, and that bit of technical support that lets them begin to develop the fluency and the competency they need to take those tools and go forward and plan and work within their community.    Ms. Sullivan. We do really appreciate this question and we very much understand your concerns about the Mitchell Act hatcheries. They are a mainstay of salmon and tribal treaty rights in the Columbia River, and we appreciate the points you are making about the economy. We have requested level funding for these hatcheries for many years and we do believe that that level of funding meets our basic obligations.    We appreciate the data on the ground. Folks see more need and more interest. But I assure you we are committed to working closely with your partners on the ground, but the level that we request we are confident does satisfy our basic obligations.    With respect to the genetic plans, we are going to increase our staff and redirect resources to go from two to six. My understanding is that that should let us clear 40 genetic plans, so we could get through that backlog within a couple of years. But it is part of a larger picture. If you look at our endangered species consultation, our genetic management plan consultations, our essential fish habitat consultations, the fact of the matter is that our staff levels are very woefully shy of what it would take to really move any of those forward in a timely fashion.    On our Southeast region, for example, we have a total of 15 staff that are facing a backlog of 550 permanent actions on which we are responsible for endangered species and fish habitat consultation. That is a tremendous strain and a morale drain on my team, which I care about. But more importantly, that makes those permits an impediment to viable and valid economic activity in that region.    And so that is why you will see in this budget request a request for increased consultative capacity, because we are trying to get ourselves out of precisely these backlog holes that you are referring to.    Ms. Sullivan. It is a big deal.    Ms. Sullivan. Well, I think if you look at the President's budget request over the years those, my understanding is, have been level at the level we are asking for this year. I think the Congress has supplemented that from year to year. But I would be happy to go back and look at that figure and look at the trends and get you the detailed information.    Ms. Sullivan. I do not have those detailed figures at my fingertips, Mrs. Herrera Beutler. The broad trend is clear and your images show it very graphically of a tremendous recovery over the past three decades. I would be happy to go double check with our NMFS folks and get a briefing brought up to you, bring it myself, if you would like, on exactly what the population numbers are and if they have got an equilibrium population estimate based on what we see happening with the ocean conditions off the northwest coast.    Ms. Sullivan. I am glad to do that.    Ms. Sullivan. Thank you for that question, Mrs. Roby.    Data from actual measurements of the conditions inside a hurricane are very critical to the accuracy of track forecasting. And on a research front, as you know very well, we have had much better success scientifically improving track forecasts over the last couple decades. The error cones are much narrower now than they were 20 years ago.    Getting the intensity right and getting shifts in intensity, jumps in intensity, has been a much more challenging problem. The science has not cracked that nut yet. Data measurements inside active storms are key to both of those. That is why we operate the two P-3 aircraft that we do that have tail Doppler radar and other instruments that can fly at various levels right through the heart of the storm at different points in time to characterize it.    The experiment we did with the--I have just lost the name of the little vehicle--anyway, the small unmanned aircraft that we deployed out of a sonobuoy tube. Its wings pop out and it navigated itself down through the storm. So a sonobuoy we dropped out before just plummets, basically, right straight down through. What we were interested in with this device is it has some capability to navigate and actually fly around, not just fall straight through, and how might that help us better characterize the lower couple of thousand feet of the storm.    Our P-3s do not fly below, I think it is 3,000 feet, it might be 4, but for obvious safety reasons there is an altitude they stay at or above. And the lowest level of the storm, where you have got all the friction with the ocean and the picking up of the moisture, the transfer of energy from the ocean to the hurricane, that is clearly a pretty critical part of the storm and it is impossible to sample it.    We have done two experiments in the last couple years. One is we took a self-propelled ocean glider, which we are also experimenting with, the kind of unmanned systems we are doing small-scale pilots with to see how they might help improve our mission. And two seasons ago we had one of them move in sort of a picket line underneath a storm, so we could get some measurements as the storm went over it. They move really slow, you have got to put them out or put enough of them out that the storm goes over some of them. So that is a bit of a logistics challenge. In this case, dropping this little device through and letting it fly around a bit, it survived down to the sea surface, it did get us some very low-level winds.    And that is the snapshot summary that I have. I would be happy to get our research teams to come up and give you some more information on that, if you would like.    First experiments can be intriguing. We of course need to do a couple more runs and then we could really understand how many of these would it take to make a meaningful data contribution. What do the prices and the operations really come up to all in cost? Does it prove to be cost efficient or not? So I would say right now both the ocean glider and the small UAV are in the tantalizing--not even yet in the promising stage, but in the tantalizing stage. And we will continue to work on a pilot scale through the next hurricane season or so.    Ms. Sullivan. Let me commit to come back up and give you a full briefing on that and the whole array of things that we are doing centered on tornado forecasting. I assure you, it remains a front-and-center focus of ours given the hazards and the loss of life that you have reflected.    Ms. Sullivan. Certainly. As you may recall we had an independent review team come by about a year and a half ago now, Tom Young and Tom Warman, real established experts in large satellite procurement, and do a very rigorous assessment of the Joint Polar Satellite System. They had been tracking it as it came out of the NPOESS era and they wire brushed us really properly, but also thoroughly, over the fact that we were buying these systems in about as dumb a way as you possibly could. You would buy one, you would do all the design and engineering, you would get all the supply chain spun up, produce one, and say thank you very much and let that all decay back. And then a few years later you go, oh, I meant I needed another one. And you would incur all of those expenses again. And it is exactly the wrong way to buy any large complex system, but certainly satellites.    They also worked with us to better understand how we needed to wrap our head around not just the gap, but the robustness that is what gets you out of having a gap.    Ms. Sullivan. NOAA holds the observing requirements and the budget authority for the spacecraft and we work hand in glove with NASA to actually do the development and execution of the design. There is no need to duplicate the satellite acquisition expertise that NASA has. So we rely on them as the acquisition agent.    Ms. Sullivan. NOAA is the lead; NASA is our acquisition partner.    Ms. Sullivan. So the Polar Follow-On, we looked at the JPSS-1 and -2 program, which is the current program of record as established. We looked at the timing that we had managed to set for that based on our gap mitigation efforts and scrubbing that all to the left. And then we looked at the existing spacecraft, the structure that you are going to bolt the instruments onto, and the instrument contracts and said how much, how quickly could we get to robustness? Robustness means the satellite system we depend upon for our weather forecasts can tolerate one failure and still support weather forecasting and you could restore its capacity within about a year. That is the typical space architecture definition of robustness. And your greatest risk of losing that is when you are launching a satellite because that is the highest risk moment in the life of a satellite. So a robust architecture has the next satellite in sequence ready right close to a launch date----    Ms. Sullivan . To cover that big risk. You do not actually launch it right then, you launch it when you are getting towards the outer edge of the age. But you separate your production cadence from your launch cadence. And the PFO program is the best path we could craft to move to that kind of an approach. Number one, it establishes congressional authorization for satellites beyond the JPSS-2 satellite. And if you look at the lead time it takes to build our instruments, if we do not start right about now on those next two spacecraft we will be repeating the prospect of a big gap----    Ms. Sullivan . As we are looking at now.    Ms. Sullivan. Okay.    Ms. Sullivan. And that----    Ms. Sullivan. They do a very good job. In this particular mission, Mr. Chairman, where there is such tight integration from the satellite specifics to the actual model input and the model architecture, that vertical alignment of responsibility and the ability to look end to end, from engineering decisions you might make on the satellite to implications for a very large and complex national modeling architecture on which the weather forecast accuracy critically depends, that, that end to end mission alignment in this case makes very, very good sense.    Ms. Sullivan. That EON-Microwave plays a couple of roles. It opens a pathway at fairly low expense towards what could be a smaller, lighter, less expensive microwave sounder. The two instruments that the weather forecast system depends on critically, both are called sounders. They make profiles of temperature and moisture in the atmosphere, they just work in different portions of the spectrum. The microwave one is the all weather workhorse. So this conceivably could take the microwave sounder of today and make it much smaller and more complex. It comes out of Lincoln Laboratories and our systems engineering folks consulting with NASA and other partners as we were scouting the horizon for what might be new architectures we should be thinking of for down the road, noted that, evaluated it highly. So it gets us two things. If it proves out, it could be an avenue towards less expensive, good, competent microwave sounders. And secondly, it is on a time path with Lincoln Labs that it could also play a significant role as a gap mitigating effort in its own right. We are talking with NASA about co-investing in that because it is an interesting observing technology from their point of view as well.    Ms. Sullivan. It is a very high priority for us this year. NOAA currently has a fleet of 16 ships. In oceanographic ships you can easily think of them as basically small, medium, and large based on how close to shore and how long offshore their mission requires them to stay. So if you are going out in the middle of the Pacific Ocean to work on those tsunami buoys, you need a fairly large vessel with a big deck and heavy winches, and the ability to stay out at sea a long time. If you are doing coastal nearshore fisheries work, you can work with a much smaller vessel. We spent a good amount of effort these last couple of years looking very critically at the age of our current fleet. Vessels at sea have to be certified to operate under various maritime rating authorities or they have to be retired. We have laid up seven, I think it is seven ships since about 2003. So we are losing ship capacity now.    When we stack up the observations, the scientific observing requirements that all of our different missions drive, we already do not have a fleet anywhere near substantial enough to meet those which is why we rely so much on charter and other partners. But the important point is as we looked downstream and said where are we going to be down the road, given the time it takes to procure a ship? We, half of our current ships will have aged out and be offline, laid up, or tied up alongside, or turned into razor blades by 2028. That is not very far down the road. And the group that is going to age out first is our mid- to ocean-class vessels because they are the oldest in the line. So that is what drives the timing of this ask, is to prevent that erosion of the fleet in the 2028 time frame. This class of ship is driven and our request is driven by where we are going to have the gap first.    And the other factor involved here is we propose to use an existing Navy design. And NAVSEA, the procurement arm for Navy ships, has a production line for this class of vessel still open. If we can seize this opportunity now we can save the taxpayers something on the order of $10 million, actually probably a higher number because if you delay and have to refresh the design and rehire the folks and restart the production line, that number probably goes higher than ten by the time you are all done. So again, as, you know, as with our space systems, we are not DARPA, we are not the cutting edge systems guys. We don't try to be the first movers on big cutting edge systems. We try to parlay into existing acquisitions and systems and programs in the interest of cost efficiency whenever we can.    Ms. Sullivan. COSMIC, radio occultation, in Taiwan.    Ms. Sullivan. That is all right. There is an existing U.S.-Taiwan partnership that has a set of sensors in orbit now called COSMIC-1. And this is actually a very clever technique that was developed that observed that as GPS satellites send all their time signals back and forth to each other, the signal bends a little bit on its path from satellite to satellite based on the physical properties of the atmosphere. And you get some smarter scientists and clever mathematicians together and they figured out how to extract from that bending angle information about moisture and temperature in the atmosphere, essentially a sounding. This sounding method cannot penetrate all the levels of the atmosphere that our normal sounders do, it cannot fully replace true vertical soundings. But it does provide a helpful correction. It has improved the quality of the forecast by stripping out biases in the other data. It ranks very highly when you stack up all the different kinds of data that contribute to the accuracy of weather forecasts. It is in the, it is in the top, certainly in the top ten.    So we are requesting $3 million to continue with COSMIC-2. The current system is beyond its design life. It has proven its value. We would like to replace that system with COSMIC-2 and continue to retrieve those sounders.    Ms. Sullivan. Thank you for that opportunity, Mr. Fattah. Yes, the model here is one that considers the, let me called it the foundational data, I mean, vertical profiles of the atmosphere, fundamental measurements of the ocean bottom, to treat those foundational data as public goods. And so anybody, a college student, a kid with a cool idea for an app, AccuWeather, The Weather Company, anybody can get at those data without any barrier to entry and capitalize on them as they see fit. So the data become a tremendously powerful open innovation platform. You are well aware of the scale of the private sector weather enterprise, because with this model by design NOAA stops at the foundational data. We do not try to be the spiffy guys that read the news, read the weather to you on T.V., or compete with the private sector for apps and advanced analytics. So, you know, The Weather Company when it was sold to GE went for about $4 billion, Climate Corporation, which is based on public good USDA and NOAA data, when it sold to Monsanto was sold for $1 billion. Our electronic chart data when I was at NOAA as the Chief Scientist, we printed the charts on gigantic printing presses in the basement of the main Commerce Building. Nowadays we just send the data raw from the ship, quality control, and then out to third party companies that do the, they package it into an electronic chart display, if you are going out to sea. They, all of your Garmin systems, if you are using offshore nav, they are using the NOAA data or they will publish you the chart book if you prefer to have the hard copy or want to have the backup. So the notion of, the notion of foundational data about the planet as public goods, that make sure that public safety never becomes a fee for service proposition but is always a fundamental assurance of government, and that serve as this really vibrant, open-ended----    Ms. Sullivan. Or where the government service takes roles that the private sector here takes.    Ms. Sullivan. One of the joys of my life is how popular my ships are.    Ms. Sullivan. In communities around the shoreline. But I do know that welcome mat is out, and it is a very, very impressive cluster of expertise.    Ms. Sullivan. They do.    Ms. Sullivan. Yes.    Ms. Sullivan. We currently contract out 50 percent of our charting, and about 50 percent of our fisheries research. I can get you the precise figures. And even about a third of our Tower A Deep Sea, which is the, you know, the oddest one because there, I have looked at the yellow pages, not a whole lot of listings for guys that want to go out to 15,000 foot of water and haul up buoys. So we, those are the roughly current percentages in those sectors now, and as I am sure you know our ocean exploration program co-funds Dr. Ballard's vessel. When----    Ms. Sullivan. With great success. And when we put the evaluation together that led us to bring the ocean survey vessel request forward to you here, we did that side by side with the NSF folks who fund the ships and support the ships such as the ones at A&M and with the Coast Guard to make sure that we were not asking for an asset or a capacity that already is out there.    The reality is if you look at, if you look at the National Science Foundation's proposal pressure, the scientific demands for ocean going research that they face as well as the scientific demands that we face, those combined far exceed their ships plus our ships plus everything else. So the demand remains much larger than either the federal civilian oceanographic fleet or the NOAA fleet or both of them combined----    Ms. Sullivan. Yes.    Ms. Sullivan. Well we have seen it in those areas where we have a good constant need, because that is a stable enough demand function----    Ms. Sullivan . That they can look at it. And that is why we are up to 50 percent, slightly north of 50 percent, on both our mapping and charting and our, and our fisheries research vessels.    Ms. Sullivan. That is the in service, the data availability is at 80 percent. The TOGA TAO buoys that give us the El Nino seasonal outlooks, we do about a third of that maintenance work with private sector vessels. We do, I do not know the percentage but I could check into it for you, we have made international partnerships with other nations that benefit from the tsunami network to draw them into servicing buoys that are closer to their waters so that we are not bearing the cost of those long transits.    Ms. Sullivan. They certainly did not take over control of our weather satellites. I do not know where that misinformation may have come from.    Ms. Sullivan. They did compromise some of our Web sites and it took us several days, I would have to get you the details and we will bring you a full briefing on that.    Ms. Sullivan. Some of the information is sensitive because of threat information and things like that but----    Ms. Sullivan. We will be happy to bring you a report on that.    Ms. Sullivan. Sure.    Ms. Sullivan. It is a dynamic and challenging threat environment and we would be happy to visit with you further on that. It is a priority of mine, as it is of the Secretary's and the President's.    Ms. Sullivan. It was in my oral statement and we can get you those statistics. The global----    Ms. Sullivan . The global atmospheric average.    Ms. Sullivan. Average across the globe----    Ms. Sullivan . Atmospheric temperature.    Ms. Sullivan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.