    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank Chairman Katko and Ranking Member Rice for holding yet another hearing on this matter. I have to say, though, that it feels a little bit like the movie Groundhog Day, where the same things keep happening over and over again.    Inspector General Roth, you are back here again, as you were previously. We have had several hearings on this matter before this subcommittee on security breaches caused by improper screening. Most recently in April, I think, we had then TSA Administrator Carraway talking about the steps that had been taken to make airport and airline employee screening more secure.    But earlier this month, we had the report about officials being able to get banned items through security checkpoints 95 percent of the time. Now, Inspector General, we have got your report revealing that the TSA failed to identify these 73 active workers with links to terrorism, citing a lack of effective controls in your report. I note in your report, you conclude with this statement, ``With our recent report, we add another security vulnerability that TSA must now address.'' I agree with you. TSA does need to address these issues.    As Chairman McCaul noted, it has now been almost 14 years since 9/11. Unfortunately, some of what I see in your report calls to mind the troubling pre-9/11 trend that we had. I know that you are a former Department of Justice official, former assistant United States attorney, I should say. As you know, we had a problem before 9/11 where intelligence and law enforcement were not sharing information and connecting the dots. But we had an excuse back then, the law didn't allow it. So we changed the law to allow the sharing of that information.    So I want to ask you about your report because you say that TSA didn't identify these 73 individuals with links to terrorism because TSA isn't cleared to receive all terrorism categories under the current interagency guidance. Did I restate that accurately?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. You talked a little bit about this with Congressman Rogers, but I am not real clear. Is this a situation where we need to change the law?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Let me ask you about that. Because we talked a little bit about that. In your testimony, you talked about the fact that airport operators review the criminal histories for new applicants for these badges to secure areas, secure airport areas, but that TSA and the airports aren't legally authorized to conduct recurrent criminal history vetting. Is that right?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So, currently, then, how do TSA and the airports know if an employee has committed a crime during their tenure at the airport?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. But is TSA right now--are they checking--do they have the ability to check against the Marshals Service Wants and Warrants list?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. But that list doesn't include all disqualifying crimes, correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. I see that my time has expired, so I yield back.