    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Whitaker, in my congressional district, in Ventura County in California, the sheriff's department is the only public agency that currently uses UAS, aside from the Navy--we have a big naval base there, and future home of the Triton on the west coast. But the sheriff's department has received a certificate of authorization to operate the device. They use it primarily for search and rescue. We have mountains in the district, so it is very helpful, from that perspective.    But every time the sheriff's office operates, they notify the nearby FAA air traffic control towers, and they also file a Notice to Airmen. And, as I understand it, that it not required, but they do it, they take the step out of an abundance of caution. Is that something that you, the FAA, might consider in their rule, in terms of a requirement that people who are operating UAS would have to do--on a commercial basis, obviously?    Ms. Brownley. So, I wanted to ask a little bit more on the COAs . I think I read in the documents that there is close to 1,700 or so COAs that have been given. So what is the sort of--what is your backlog right now? What is the current demand?    Ms. Brownley. So do you have any idea of how many UAS are being operated without a COA? Again, commercial applications.    Ms. Brownley. And you said that there--you have now--for UAS over 400 feet, or I guess over 400 feet or under 400 feet----    Ms. Brownley. It is a standard contract?    Ms. Brownley. And so, can you give me a sense of how many of these COAs that you are involved in negotiating a special contract for specific use?    Ms. Brownley. And you said only 20 or so civil penalties have been----    Ms. Brownley. And what do those civil penalties look like? I mean what--can you describe what it----    Ms. Brownley. So, in terms of wildfire suppression and the use of UAS, does the FAA have any specific legislative recommendations to improve the FAA enforcement authority, or to increase criminal or civil penalties for interference with wildfires?    Ms. Brownley. And on the education piece, in terms of Know Before You Fly, the educational program, materials, is there any legal barrier that prevents the FAA from requiring manufacturers to include this safety information in packaging?    Ms. Brownley. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.