    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is an important hearing we are having today. Medicaid, a program that is entirely under our jurisdiction in the Energy and Commerce Committee, is a vital program that covers and provides care for some of the nation's most vulnerable populations. This Committee does have exclusive legislative jurisdiction over Medicaid, and it is our responsibility to ensure that the long term sustainability of Medicaid is assured through proper oversight.    Inefficient and misdirected payments within the Medicaid program have substantive budgetary, access, and provider impacts that ultimately affect patients. If states do not have the proper tools available for monitoring enforcement, there can be lasting effects on the nation's Medicaid recipients, and the providers of their care. CMS has reported improper payments well over $17 billion for fiscal year 2014 for the Medicaid program, an increase of nearly $3 billion from the prior year. That is a trend that should concern all of us. Each of those dollars that is spent inappropriately is a dollar not spent on a patient, and is, in fact, a wasted taxpayer dollar.    I do want to point out that the recently passed H.R. 2, that this committee had a great hand in getting started, and shepherding through the legislative process, and ultimately it was signed by the President, but it did have a number of anti-fraud provisions contained within. Most of those pertained to the Medicare system, but I do wonder if some of those examples may not also be extrapolated to the Medicaid system. Specifically, Mr. Chairman, Section 502, preventing wrongful Medicare payments for items and services furnished to incarcerated individuals, individuals not lawfully present, and deceased individuals. That may be something worthy of study that the CMS may want to consider for the Medicaid system as well.    I am also concerned about allowing entities engaging in fraud to continue to receive Federal funds. We want to ensure provider participation in Medicaid, and patients should never be faced with a choice of no care or low quality care from those providers. The Office of Inspector General has the authority to exclude entities that employ deceptive business practices within the Medicaid program. In 2014 Ranking Member DeGette and I looked into the practices of certain dental management service companies within the Medicaid program which not only provide managerial services to dental clinics, but also, in fact, actually own these clinics, and have direct control over the operations and finances of the clinics. We became very concerned because this corporate structure was resulting in failure to meet basic quality and compliance standards.    Unfortunately, many of these practices have continued, despite Federal Government intervention. The Office of Inspector General may initiate a corporate integrity agreement, but these deceptive entities may dissolve under bankruptcy, only to re-emerge under new management. The Office of Inspector General has the authority to exclude individuals and entities that have engaged in fraud and abuse related to Federal health programs, including Medicaid. Following our investigation, we sent a letter to the Office of Inspector General recommending that OIG consider excluding any corporate entity that employs deceptive practices that result in substandard care.    So we are grateful that some action was taken over that, but it is incredibly important that there be a way to exclude someone who is engaged in deceptive practice, and prevent that process of dissolving, and then re-emerging in another corporate form. We must ensure that states have the proper tools available to ensure that tax dollars are never fraudulently wasted in the Medicaid program, and that access for Medicaid beneficiaries is subsequently protected.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you for the recognition, for the time, and I will yield back.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. One of the hazards of having been on this committee for a number of years is you see themes repeating themselves. And, Chairman Murphy, I remember very well a morning in late September 2008, when we held a Health Subcommittee hearing downstairs, and we had some, I don't know, 8, 10, 12 witnesses. It was a pretty varied panel. Karen Davis from Commonwealth, Steve Parenti from the McCain campaign, the late Elizabeth Edwards was one of the panel members, and it was all a panel to discuss what is it going to cost to provide health care to everyone who lacks health insurance in this country. And the estimates were quite varied, and they ran from $60 billion a year to $800 billion a year.    Chairman Murphy, I remember you asking the question, how could there be so much variation? And Steve Parenti, on the panel, was the only one willing to take it on, and said, well, if you provide Medicaid to everyone, and that is how you expand your coverage, that is the lower number. If you provide Federal employee health benefit plan to everyone, which was being talked about by some of the candidates at the time, that is the higher number.    So I guess my point is, everyone knew going into everything that became the Affordable Care Act that the way to expand coverage without blowing up the cost was Medicaid expansion. Why wouldn't you fix some of these problems before you undertook to expand a program that, if I understand correctly, Mr. Bagdoyan, it was already on a watch list in 2008, and certainly on a watch list in 2009, when the law was written in 2010, when the law was signed. But really, why not put the effort on the front end? The way we are going to expand coverage is through Medicaid, maybe we could deal with some of these problems. What about the fact we have got dead people that we are paying money for? What about the fact we have got people who are receiving benefits in two states simultaneously? That is not supposed to happen, is it, Dr. Agrawal?    Mr. Burgess. Then the whole issue--GAO in 2005 or 2006 put out a report about the third party liability--Medicaid will pay a claim when a person has private health insurance. And, really, Medicaid is supposed to be the payer of last resort, not the payer of first resort. And we have never really satisfactorily dealt with that problem, have we?    Mr. Burgess. Well, I will tell you, no, we have not. So here we have it here, three very basic steps, don't pay the dead people, don't pay people twice, and, hey, if Aetna, United, Cigna is supposed to be paying the bill, you get them to pay first, before the state reimburses on their Medicaid system. Relatively simple steps that could have been done before expanding a program massively. And now we are in a situation where not every state has expanded their Medicaid.    And Dr. Agrawal, let me just ask you, when states come in with their proposals, if a state is considering expanding Medicaid in their state, and some states are, whether I think that is correct or not, some states are, when they come in with those proposals, are you talking to them about the fact that there are some inherent problems in the Medicaid system, and we would like to see those fixed before you double your number?    Mr. Burgess. Let me stop you there, because time is going to become critical. In my opening statement I referenced a problem that was related to dental care in the State of Texas. You have got a real problem. People who should be barred from ever participating in the program again simply dissolve into bankruptcy, and re-emerge someplace else. What are you doing to keep that from happening?    Mr. Burgess. Let me just, before time expires, Dallas Morning News over the weekend, an article that I think is part of a series of articles about how private nursing homes are drawing down dollars by combining with a public entity, and some of these are fairly low ratings on the star rating on the nursing homes. Are you working with the states to address this problem?    Mr. Burgess. Well, $69 million just to these nursing homes identified last year, so it is a place where we need to put some effort. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I do thank our panel for being here, and I know it has been a long morning. Let me just ask a question, because I am trying to get a better understanding of what is referred to as the PERM program. That is a 3 year rolling average of 17 states examined on a yearly basis, is that correct?    Mr. Burgess. And, now, what kind of statistical modeling was involved in coming up with that formula?    Mr. Burgess. How do you select the 17 states to be in the particular cohort?    Mr. Burgess . Alphabetical, and then you cut it off at 17, and----    Mr. Burgess. So the four states that Mr.----    Mr. Burgess . Bagdoyan was concerned about, are those four states all in one cohort, or are they evenly distributed between the three rolling averages?    Mr. Burgess. Well, I guess, it seems like that is a difficult one. I don't understand why that model was selected. Is it just simply too difficult to assess every state on a yearly basis?    Mr. Burgess. Everybody knows HHS has the best computers in the world, right? So why can't you?    Mr. Burgess. Yes.    Mr. Burgess. It just struck me as unusual to do it in this fashion. So, again, that is why I was wondering, is there a particular statistical methodology that has been followed, as far as the sampling, on a rotating basis, 17, 17, 17 year in and year out, and how long have you been doing it this way?    Mr. Burgess. Which was?    Mr. Burgess. And do you see consistency in those numbers over those years that you go back and look at this?    Mr. Burgess. All right, thank you. Mr. Chairman, I am going to submit a question in writing about the Dallas Morning News article that I referenced earlier in the hearing, and I would appreciate a response on that.    Mr. Burgess. Thank you.