    Ms. JENKINS. Thank you, Chairman Tiberi, for holding this hearing and allowing me to have an opportunity to speak on H.R. 1270, the Restoring Access to Over-the-Counter Medication Act, legislation that I have sponsored along with our colleague, Representative Kind from Wisconsin.    I was very pleased that the committee decided to mark up this legislation last October, and subsequently reported it favorably out of committee. This legislation still merits more discussion to ensure that we get it across the finish line and into law before the end of the year.    H.R. 1270 would eliminate the unnecessary requirement that individuals have a prescription from a physician in order to purchase over-the-counter medicines with their health savings accounts and flexible spending accounts. Health savings accounts and flexible spending accounts allow individuals and families to make their own health care choices, while simultaneously making them aware of health care costs and giving them incentives to make financially prudent decisions.    And for many years, folks in Kansas and all across the country used these accounts to buy over-the-counter medications, including products such as allergy or cold medicines, antibiotic ointment or pain relievers. The FDA thoroughly and rigorously examines all over-the-counter drugs, also known as OTC drugs, to ensure that they are indeed safe and effective for self-treatment. And in 2002 the IRS designated OTC drugs as qualified medical expenses.    Despite this fact, the President's health care law added a layer of bureaucratic red tape that forces account holders to go to their doctor to obtain a prescription for these OTC medicines before purchasing them with their HSA or FSA. If the patient does not jump through these hoops and still purchases OTC medications with their account, they receive a tax penalty from the Federal Government for making a non-qualified distribution.    This law not only defeats the entire purpose of OTC medications, but it also places a bureaucratic burden on account holders, it clogs doctor's offices with needless visits, it decreases access to OTCs, and it increases health care costs all around. Worst of all, it discourages people from taking control of saving for their health care needs.    H.R. 1270 would roll back this Obamacare tax, help keep costs down, and improve customer choice and access to health care. As we all work towards getting our financial house in order while also ensuring Americans are receiving quality health care, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this legislation and help bring it to the House floor.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.