    Mr. Pallone. Thank you.    Unfortunately, there is a great deal of low-level nuclear waste generated in this country from a variety of source and those sources include not just activities at commercial nuclear reactors but also manufacturing plants, academic institutions and medical facilities and, of course, it also comes from Government activities including the cleanup of Department of Energy sites.    So having a number of safe, secure and environmentally sound options for disposal of low-level radioactive waste is important to a lot of stakeholders.    But it is also critically important for our local communities that once hosted facilities central to our national security yet continue to live with low-level and other radioactive waste even after those facilities close their doors.    The Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Amendment Acts of 1985 gave each State responsibility for disposing of low-level radioactive waste generated within its borders.    In doing so, it encouraged States to enter into interstate compacts so that a group of States could agree to develop a common site to dispose of their waste and to date 10 regional compacts have been formed while 8 States, Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia remain unaffiliated.    Unfortunately, however, the track record of these sites hasn't been entirely successful. Environmental justice concerns halted a number of early efforts to site facilities in poor communities that did not desire to have them.    And so while numerous compacts were formed, only 4 are home to disposal facilities and as a result those facilities have become the de facto sites now accepting waste from a variety of other compacts in individual States.    And while that solution is currently working, I believe we need a more rational predictable policy going forward and we need to do that in a way that addresses the concerns of the communities that are home to radioactive waste generated as a result of activities that benefit us all.    Mr. Chairman, I am very interested to learn more about DOE's efforts to clean up and dispose of waste generated from its activities, particularly with regard to disposal of the most dangerous low-level radioactive waste, the greater-than-Class C waste.    I understand that the Department is working to complete a final evaluation of the potential environmental impacts associated with the proposed development of a disposal facility or facilities for greater-than-Class C and other similar waste.    I am also interested in hearing about the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's recent activities in this area. It is my understanding that NRC is currently in the process of updating its regulations regarding the disposal of low-level waste to a more risk-based system that will better align disposal requirements with current health and safety standards.    I also would like to learn more about the July 2015 NRC staff paper recommending that the commission allow the State of Texas to license the disposal of greater-than-Class C waste.    While I take no position on the Texas issue, I do think that the NRC process is important. If the commissioners are confident that Texas can license and manage a program that includes the most dangerous low-level waste then this opens up a real potential for benefit to communities around the country and it would also serve as a step on the road to considering the siting of facilities to dispose of material that pose risks greater than low-level waste.    Mr. Pallone. I would like to yield the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman, to Mr. McNerney.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I guess I can ask both of you this question. Earlier this month, there was a serious incident at a closed down low-level waste disposal site in Nevada that involved an explosion and fire and the successor to that company that operated that site currently manages one of the low-level waste sites currently in operation.    Meanwhile, in February, the Nation's only facility for disposal of transuranic, or TRU waste, generated by DOE activities was shut down indefinitely as a result of a series of incidents there.    So given these recent disturbing developments can each of you tell us why the public should have confidence in DOE's ability or NRC's or the State's ability to safely regulate the sites?    I think we can--I think we can but I just think the public needs to be reassured. We will start with Mr. Whitney, I guess.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. Mr. Weber.    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thank you both. I have another question here. I don't know if I have time to go through this but let me try.    Mr. Whitney, in your testimony, you discuss the different classifications of radioactive waste and you mentioned some of the facilities that accept particular classes of it like Energy Solutions Utah, which accepts Class A mixed and low-level waste and the waste control specialist facility in Anderson, Texas, which accepts Class A, B and C waste.    And as we have heard today, greater-than-Class C waste, or GTCC storage, is treated as a separate issue altogether.    Can you explain what it is about the unique storage needs of, say, Class A versus Class C versus GTCC waste that makes them require unique regulatory approaches and how prepared would current low-level waste storage facilities be to accept GTCC waste if that licensing became an option? You have 27 seconds.    Mr. Pallone. Sure.    Mr. Pallone. All right. I am going to leave--did you want to add something? OK. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to ask Ms. Ing, I want to better understand from your perspective what is happening with the Texas compact and the recent request to NRC to consider allowing Texas to license a facility to handle GTCC waste.    Are you satisfied with the handling of your request by the NRC? Well, I will start with that.    Mr. Pallone. OK. And I guess there is no one else we could ask about if--all right. Thanks a lot.