    Mr. Collins. The Rules Committee.    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I apologize, I have got rules starting at 5 and I'm trying to do both.    This is very important to me, and I appreciate you holding this hearing today and going forward.    Before we start, I ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a written statement from the Attorney General of the State of Georgia, Sam Olens. Mr. Olens is unable to be here today, but he continues to be a leader on the sue and settle issues and I appreciate his support.    Mr. Collins. I introduced the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act because too often, especially under this Administration, we have seen pro-regulatory plaintiffs sue sympathetic agencies to enact regulations in the dark, absent public input and often at the expense of affected parties. It is unacceptable for taxpayers hard-earned dollars to fund backroom deals to support the rulemaking process.    These type of settlements have tangible affects and they affect the industries across the country, including the thriving agricultural community in the Ninth District of Georgia. The hardworking men and women in Georgia and across the country are trying to make an honest living and have a problem with special interests threatening their livelihood. Moreover, under sue and settle they are not even allowed to participate in the negotiations that will ultimately and directly impact them.    In short, sue and settle agreements create regulation through litigation. The potential for abuse and the lack of transparency in the system is why I believe so strongly in the need for this legislation. My builder will restore transparency and increase public participation and input. H.R. 712 addresses weaknesses in the current system while preserving consent decrees as an important mechanism for settling legal disputes. The ability to have citizens to hold government accountable is an important part of administrative law, but it must be appropriately carried out with transparency and full public participation.    Before I get started, and I know your coworker or someone you had holding a sign today, Mr. Narang, came--I couldn't think of a better witness for us. If he can stand there, and I know his arms would give out after a while, and he could hold that up there and explain.    The general public could just watch and say, is this place broken? And all I have to do is take to your poster and say, yes, it's broken. Can you imagine what small big, big business and anywhere in the country looks at the rulemaking process that affects their lives when they look at that poster. If you're having to sit here and think that we need not be involved in this and get the Federal Government streamlined out of this, I'm not sure what we're doing here.    But I hold a real question you, because you brought up baseball, I like baseball. Let me ask you something, in your baseball analogy you talked about fairness. And in sue and settle what we're dealing with here is we are not stopping access to courts, we're not stopping the process of somebody being able to sue because they missed a deadline. What we are saying here though is you have got to be transparent about it. You've got to open it up and before the ruling comes down you have to hear from affected parties.    So using your baseball analogy, can you tell me if it would be fair that if the--in a process that we put that the one team could always have a runner starting their batting series at third base, is that fair? Where they--and the other team cannot know who it's going to be and then also that if they can't get it in three outs, we'll actually maybe give them one more, do you think having that participation would be fair?    Mr. Collins. Well, I'm going to reclaim my time here for a second. Because what this actually does is is that if you and I have a disagreement--I'll be the EPA and you your organization--you find the time, you want to sue me, you say because we didn't get this time because I want to see agreement get set and there is plenty in the record that talks about these sue and settle agreements.    But unfortunately, it affects Mr. Ratcliffe. Under the current way it is set up, is we could go into our agreement, I agree with you and I say, okay, let's get a dissent decree and then put it out there, but he never gets an input. Is that fair? Is that really fair?    Mr. Collins. And I understand. My time is going to end and I hate to stop you here, because I would continue this because you make our case for us and I know didn't come here to do that, because you said the whole process is so messed up this is why it's not fair and Congress did it. It is now time for Congress not to do it.    I'm sorry I'm not going to get to the Chamber because the GAO report has a lot of problems. And also I see my friend in the back Jason Smith from Missouri, his drawback is not about outdated regulations, it is about cleaning up the process, and I appreciate him.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.