    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for being here today, Chief. And before I ask some questions, I have got a few that I would like to address. I do want to respond to something that Mr. Cole brought up, legitimate questions he asked about the amount of ownership of Federal land in western States. And I guess Mr. Amodei and I could probably have a discussion for some time and often do on the floor about this.    But let me tell you why people live in Idaho. They live in Idaho because they love their public lands. They like access to them for recreation, for hunting, for fishing, for all the activities that they do on public lands. And there is always this movement to turn them over to the States and to let the States manage them. Well, you could do some cooperative management between the feds and the States, but like any landlord relationship, you are always P.O.'d at the landlord, you know? I mean, that is a reality of what happens. If we turn them over to the State, we would be P.O.'d at the State.    And the reality is, like I said, you could do some cooperative management between the States and the feds, and we have been working on some of those cooperative types of arrangements. But let me tell you what happens when you sell those public lands. We just sold 30,000 acres in Idaho to a couple of Texans. That was a lot of fun. And they all of a sudden denied access. So all of a sudden people cannot access their favorite fishing hole or their hunting grounds, and in Idaho that does not mean you just go around the 30,000 acres. It means you get a helicopter and have to go over it or come in from the other side from Montana.    And that is a problem, and that is why we like our public lands. Like I say, we are always P.O.'d at the land managers, and we always will be even if we manage them ourselves because, it is like a quarterback in a football game: we can always do better than the guy out there on the field. So that is my answer to that question.    Mr. Simpson. It is a legitimate question, and it is a legitimate debate that is going on in Idaho, it really is, Idaho and all of the West. But let me ask you now a couple of questions. First, the wildfire funding, thank you for your support on the bill and trying to get this through. I am sorry that we did not get the cap adjustment bill through in the omnibus, but we did, thanks to Chairman Calvert and the members of this committee, get a billion extra dollars in additional funding.    Let me make one recommendation. Do not do any transfers this year for wildfire fighting because what I always hear from people as I go up and talk to them they has to transfer funds, but they seem to handle it okay. So where is the urgency? Well, this billion dollars will run out eventually, and while this does solve the transfer problem probably for a year, maybe 2 years, maybe 3 years----    Mr. Simpson. 1 year, okay. It will solve the problem for this year. It does not solve the long-term problem that we need to fix, and if you do transfers this year, that will be a problem in trying to convince other people there is a fix-borrowing issue. But in your budget request, you asked for, what was that amount? You asked for $874 million in discretionary funds and requested $864 million requested through a budget cap adjustment. Why do you put an amount in there?    Mr. Simpson. Well, the assumption is you are not going to ask for more funds in a cap adjustment than what you are going to need to fight the fires. But what if it goes to a billion dollars and you only ask for $864 million? Then you are going to be back into transfers, and that is what you are trying to avoid is transfers.    Mr. Simpson. Well, my whole goal in this is to try to stop the transfers. And people keep saying that we want to spend more money on wildfires, and it is hard to convince some people that, no, what we want to do in the long run is spend less money on wildfires. And we do that through proper management and by not transferring all the funds.    Could you tell me a little bit about where we stand with the air tankers that we authorized at one point in time because the Forest Service is down to, you mentioned the number of contract planes you are going to have. But how many C-130s do we have out there, and where are we with that?    Mr. Simpson. One quick question if I could, Mr. Chairman. Last year the committee added language that directed the Forest Service and the BLM to conduct risk contact analysis, engage ARS, and convene a meeting among interested stakeholders to discuss solutions among other things on the domestic and wild sheep issue. Could you provide me an update on how that is going?    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. No, we do not, Mr. Chair. Mr. Simpson. If you do not mind, I would just like to ask one question if I could. Your grazing fee proposal, tell me about it.    Mr. Simpson. What is the grazing fee? What is the AUM now?    Mr. Simpson. So this would be more than double?    Mr. Simpson. Would this provide for full cost recovery for the administration of the program?    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is an interesting discussion that we have on that because it is a real problem with prescription drug overdoses. The challenge is, having been a medical professional in the dental field, as a doctor it is hard when someone comes in to see you in what appears to be severe pain, to say, no, you are not in pain, and how do you deal with that? And trying to establish whether someone is there because they just want access to drugs or if they really do have pain is a challenging thing for doctors to try to deal with. But it is a real problem, and something that we have got to find a way to fix this, and have people more conscious of the issue.    We have a tendency to just want to say do not over prescribe, and that will solve the problem. It is not nearly as easy, and I am not suggesting that you are saying that.    Mr. Simpson. But it is not as easy as some people sometimes think it is.    You mentioned joint ventures where the tribes will build facilities and we will staff them. Do we have any facilities that have been built that we have not staffed that are planned to be staffed because of a lack of funding?    Mr. Simpson. So we have not had instances where the tribes get out of ahead of our ability to staff them, because several years ago when we were looking at this issue, we found that there were facilities that were built, particularly tribes that had successful casinos and had the extra money. These tribes went out and built them, and then came to us saying, hey, we need to get this staffed. And apparently the Department does not have the resources not only in the health area, but also in the law enforcement area to staff those facilities. But we have addressed that problem?    Mr. Simpson. Right.    Mr. Simpson. Okay. 2 years ago, Congress drafted IHS to fully fund Contract Supports Costs. In order to do that, IHS took money from the direct operations. Direct operations funded some dental positions at headquarters. They need positions filled, but the funding would now come out of the dental program. It is kind of a rob Peter to pay Paul situation.    This year direct operations received a $2 million decrease. I am aware that there are several dental positions at headquarters that are vacant. Are there still vacancies, and how many and how long have they been vacant? Will the salaries come out of the dental program line? Are any of these vacancies because of funding changes due to Contract Support obligations? And did meeting the Contract Support costs requirement affect leadership hiring?    Mr. Simpson. What about the dental aspect to it?    Mr. Simpson. Okay.    Mr. Simpson. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. More than 5 years ago, HHS decided to take approach to early childhood caries, a childhood epidemic in Indian Country. They recruited and trained healthcare workers beyond the dental program to work with kids and families on how to recognize and prevent disease. Working with 1- to 5-year-olds was the first step in addressing oral disease.    Now the program has launched and they are ready to move onto other oral disease categories. Early childhood caries was the dental program's first 5-year initiative. What will follow that?    Mr. Simpson. Okay. I want to ask a question that I probably should not ask because somebody will say what are you thinking. There used to be a saying around here 5, or 6, 7 or 8 years ago in Indian Country, ``Do not get sick after June because all the money ran out.'' That is something that this committee concentrated on, trying to provide the funding that is needed for Contract Support Costs at a level where healthcare was available. Now, the saying is ``Do not get sick after September.'' We are moving along in the right direction.    What is your authority to transfer funds within accounts to meet issues that come up, like if you run out of money for Contract Support Costs? Can you move money between accounts? And the reason I ask this is the Forest Service has the ability that when they have catastrophic wildfires going on, they can take funds out of different accounts to make sure that they fight those wildfires. Now, we do not like that in this committee.    Can you do that, or do you have to go through reprogramming process?    Mr. Simpson. On the reprogramming?    Mr. Simpson. Is that an appropriate level, or should it be more?    Mr. Simpson. Before you answer that, the challenge obviously is that when you look at healthcare services, when you look at less important programs versus trying to transfer money out of those, there are no less important programs often times. If you look at the Forest Service, they can say, we are not going do trail maintenance this day and nobody dies from it.    So it is a different challenge that you face, but if you could move money between less, and I hate to say less important, but less critical programs to more critical accounts when they run out of funds, would a million dollars be sufficient, or would increased authority in that arena be advantageous?    Mr. Simpson. Thank you for being here today, and thanks for the work you do. It is, as you can tell from this committee's support, vitally important that we address not only the healthcare needs, but the other needs in Indian Country. And we do have a trust responsibility this committee takes very seriously. So thank you for what you do.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Secretary, for being here today. A couple of statements first with regards to the Steens Wilderness in Oregon. I know my colleague, Congressman Walden, has been very frustrated with obligations that the BLM has to build and pay for a fence to keep cows out of the wilderness as per the legislation that was passed. In order for wilderness bills to succeed and be accepted, they must keep the promises that were made.    I am pleased that Director Kornze spoke with my staff this morning, and it sounds like we may be headed toward a positive solution with this problem, and I will speak to him further tomorrow. But that is something that needs to get done.    I appreciate your support for the wildfire fighting bill that I think every member on this subcommittee is a co-sponsor of. Unfortunately we did not see it get across the finish line last year. We keep pushing it a little further each year. But what Chairman Calvert was able to do is get an extra billion dollars in an outside account for wildfire fighting. While we do not think that is the permanent solution we need, hopefully it will stop the fire borrowing for at least a year or 2 years, or until we have an extremely bad year.    My advice, as I told the chief of the Forest Service is, do not do any fire borrowing this year. Take the money out of the account that was set aside to do this. One of the challenges we have is trying to explain to our colleagues that do not understand what we are doing, why we want to do what we want to do in regards to fixing fire-borrowing. They say, well, it all worked out. They do not see what was not done because you borrowed money from the accounts that we appropriated money for. So it would be my suggestion that you do not pursue any fire borrowing this year, so we can show people the consequences.    Now, a couple of things I would ask you about. One would be sage grouse, but I suspect other people are going to talk about sage grouse a little bit. You have proposed a $79.2 million for sage grouse conservation, huge increase. We used to ask for about $15 million for sage grouse. Last year it was $45 million increase. One of the things this committee wanted to make sure is that we did not list sage grouse. And one of the potential excuses was that we did not fund what was requested. So we made sure we put those resources into sage grouse conservation.    This year it is a $14.2 million increase over last year. What are we going to do with the $79.2 million sage grouse money?    Mr. Simpson. You could have just said Idaho in general. Mr. Simpson. Okay. And one quick question because I have got to go to another hearing, if I could ask it, Mr. Chairman? I would hope that the Department would support what this committee has been trying to do, and that is implement the Fish and Wildlife's decision on wolves in the Great Lakes and Wyoming. The decision to delist that was made by science. They went through all the studies and everything else to make the determination.    I will tell you that no matter what happens, somebody is going to sue until the cows come home or do not come home. We are trying to get away from the lawsuits, and it is what we did in Idaho and Montana, which was supported then by Secretary Salazar. We would hope that the Department would support this committee's efforts in trying to make sure we do not spend the next 10 years in court trying to defend the decisions the Fish and Wildlife Service made on delisting of wolves in Wyoming and the Great Lakes because they are clearly recovered.    Mr. Simpson. We are not trying to change the Endangered Species Act or anything else in this case. What we are trying to say is listen, it has worked for wolves. It has done its job. Fish and Wildlife has made a decision. They have the hearings, they have had the comment periods, and so let us move on, and that is all we are saying. We are not trying to delist them. We never delisted wolves in Idaho and Montana. All we did is implemented the Fish and Wildlife decision. So that is where we are coming from.    I appreciate it. Thanks for the work you do.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you. I understand that. I mean, wild horses and burros, that has been a problem forever. I was under the impression that when Jefferson did the Louisiana Purchase, he wanted to include Nevada because he said that is a place we are going to need to put wild horses and burros eventually, but maybe I was wrong on that. I am just kidding.    Voice. You are mistaken.    Mr. Simpson. Yeah, I am mistaken. First of all, I understand there is an issue that deals with the Steens wilderness and fencing that you have been looking at, and are going to address Congressman Walden's issue dealing with the ranchers and the fencing out there. Is that correct?    Mr. Simpson. Good. Thank you. Let me talk for just a minute about Sage-grouse and focal areas because as I talked to governors, at least my governor, and people who worked on the Sage-grouse plans and other things for the States, you always come to the focal areas, that these were thrown in on top of these State plans that they have been working on and that they knew nothing about them, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.    I have heard a different take on it. The original plans that Fish and Wildlife came up with had no disturbance areas, and they were pretty large areas, and BLM said we are going to have a problem with this. And Fish and Wildlife went back and reduced those areas down to the high priority areas that they call focal areas. So they are a portion of what would have been a much larger no disturbance area. Is that an accurate statement?    Mr. Simpson. How do focal areas impact grazing?    Mr. Simpson. How do the priority habitat management areas impact grazing, and also the general management areas?    Mr. Simpson. I have got county commissioners and so forth and some ranchers that have said that they are going to lose 40 or 50 percent of their grazing lands, with this sage-grouse proposal. Is that accurate?    Mr. Simpson. As far as the proposed increase that both you and the Forest Service have, the $2.50 administration fee for AUM, and the potential fee to go up the maximum of 25 percent, that has been proposed before, and the committee has rejected it. You know, as I talk to cattlemen, they understand that the AUM price needs to go up, that there ought to be an increase in that. What they would like to see and have repeatedly stated is they would like see is, you know, a 5-year, 10-year plan of how we are going to increase so it is a gradual sort of increase instead of a potential doubling overnight of the fee.    So far, nobody has ever come back to us with a gradual sort of increase in fees, and I would encourage the Administration to give us something along those lines that we could look at with Resources Committee. So there is a gradual, predictable increase in AUM fees because most ranchers understand that it has been where it currently is, and that naturally it needs to go up. And I think the cattle industry agrees with that.    One last issue. Have you been in contact at all with the State of Idaho relative to recharging the Snake River aquifer?    Mr. Simpson. They are just starting, and I did not know if they got to the BLM yet. They have been talking to the BOR, and they are going to put forth a recharge plan. And it is not fully settled yet, so I would not expect them to have anything that you could actually look at yet.    But recharge areas are going to cross BLM grounds. There are issues of rights-of-ways on canals that are going to go through BLM property, and that go through there now. But they are used for irrigation purposes and those types of activities.    But I told them that they need to get in touch with the BLM and with BOR and start working so that they can have a plan that we can look at because I would like to recharge the aquifer that is going down substantially. And there are periods of time when we have excess water that we just flush down the river now because it is just there, and it would be nice to recharge that aquifer.    But I would encourage you and your office to work with the State of Idaho and with our office in developing some plans that might work.    Mr. Simpson. Thank you.    Mr. Simpson. Right.    Mr. Simpson. Well, we ought to look at that whole program.    Mr. Simpson. Yeah, thank you.