    Mr. Tuttle. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, distinguished members of the committee. Thank you for this opportunity to come and address you today.    My name is Ross Tuttle. Since January of 2014, I have been employed as senior advisor to the assistant regional administrator in EPA Region 6, Dallas, Texas. Prior to this reassignment, from September of 2009 to January of 2014, I was employed as the human capital officer at EPA Region 5 in Chicago.    I appreciate this opportunity to testify in front of you today, and I do so with a significant amount of trepidation, despite my belief that it is the right and proper thing to do. I can concur in what my colleagues have said with regard to the sexual harassment that took place of the interns. I investigated that case, as well, from the administrative side in human resources and found in my investigation that that went back with that perpetrator. And I stopped my investigation and stopped taking statements at the year 2000, and this was in 2011 that this was brought to my attention. So I can concur in that.    When I got stonewalled after the perpetrator was allowed to retire, and I decided I was going to pursue action against members of management that had concealed this for so many years, to use a phrase, EPA management circled the wagons and stonewalled me, and I was not able to pursue that at all. And I believe firmly that that did a significant amount of damage to my reputation in Region 5.    There were other incidents that I had to deal with in Region 5 that are included in my statement that I shared with the committee on other actions where I was not well received and was, in fact, treated with less than a cordial amount of professional respect for what I was doing. And that led me in April of 2013 to file a complaint against my division director at the time, Cheryl Newton, who was the assistant regional administrator in Region 5 in Chicago. That was settled, but then I was reassigned to Region 6 in Dallas, Texas, and the retaliation continued in Region 6 in Dallas.    My position as the senior advisor to the assistant regional administrator should be one of significance in that I am providing guidance and advice to the ARA in his job. From a human capital standpoint, I am responsible for providing him advice on differing issues that are important to him so that he knows what actions to pursue.    In actuality, in the time that I've been in Dallas, I've had only two assignments that would be considered respectful of my expertise and my grade. One of those was to coordinate the early buyout program for Region 6 that was initiated in November of 2013. Based on the way that should work, that would have been a significant project. In actuality, the only thing I ended up doing there was coordinating applications, a list of applications that came in from people that were eligible, and I did the final wrap-up report that is provided to the Office of Personnel Management.    The other assignment that should have been significant as a follow on to the early buyout was a reorganization and restructuring of Region 6. And, again, the way that should have worked, that would have been a significant undertaking. I was assigned initially to chair a regional reorganization work group that was supposed to evaluate options and bring recommendations to senior management.    In actuality, the only thing I did there was sit on a work group as a panel member along with two of my colleagues from human resources who were not allowed to participate in those meetings. Management did what they wanted to do with those. And I ultimately ended up only looking over packages, the packages that were put together to submit to our headquarters. I just looked them over to make sure that the right forms were there and the signatures were there.    Since that is been completed in early April of this year, I've had no meaningful assignments at all. And as in my statement, I've told you how my ARA approached my midyear evaluation and what my plans are. Because I signed a modification agreement to protect myself and not have me go back to Region 5, to that environment I was in, that now essentially compels me to retire in December of this year, an action that was unpalatable then, as now.    Thank you for the opportunity.    Mr. Tuttle. Yes, that is essentially correct. I was handed, as part of what could have been and should have been a routine reassignment to Region 6, I was handed a modification to my original EEO settlement agreement that stated in part, and as I said in the record, stated in part, in exchange basically for being permanently reassigned to Region 6, I agreed to voluntarily retire no later than December 31 of 2015, and that EPA is authorized to initiate the documentation to indicate that.    Mr. Tuttle. I absolutely do.    Mr. Tuttle. Yeah.    Mr. Tuttle. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Tuttle. Yes.    Mr. Tuttle. Thank you for asking.    I stopped at the year 2000 because I had--in my part of this investigation, I was doing it from the administrative side of the house as opposed to the civil rights side. And I would have gotten the names of previous interns who had been through the same thing, and I stopped at 2000 because that was the last point that any of the--either the employees that I had talked with or the interns could give me any information or contact information on who to reach out to.    And I would have like to add, for the benefit--one of the things that was among the most disturbing things that I saw in those statements, one intern specifically stated that, because of what had happened to her and what had not been done, it not only changed her mind about a career with EPA, it turned her off from government service completely, and she ended up getting a job in a completely unrelated profession.    Mr. Tuttle. Well, I was going to ask just to weigh in on this.    I knew personally two people that worked in the Office of the IG in Region 5 that were investigators. I had met them independently when they came down to my office to seek information about other issues. And while I was completely comfortable that if it was left to them that it would be investigated, I, too, was not--I am like Mr. Harris. I was of the impression that the IG's office has the persona of being an extension of management.    Contacting the IG would've normally been one of the things I would've recommended, but I wasn't comfortable doing that.    Mr. Tuttle. That is right.    Mr. Tuttle. Yes, I do. I do not want to broad-brush anything. I think that appropriate action needs to be taken on situations like this and others, and frequently it is not, whether it is the culture of get along, go along.    In my words that clearly belong to me, my attitude and viewpoint has been that management will do whatever it wants, when it wants, to who it wants, any way they want, anytime they want, with impunity. And my colleagues to my right----    Mr. Tuttle. So I do not think--yeah. So I do not want to broad-brush anything----    Mr. Tuttle. --but I do agree with Ms. Kellen, that if the protections were removed, I can pretty much assure you that you and I would not be having this conversation.    Mr. Tuttle. Yes.    Mr. Tuttle. As I indicated in the statement I submitted to the committee, in December of 2012 when I returned from Christmas leave, my colleague and my labor relations supervisor told me that he had been informed by an attorney from the Office of Regional Counsel that Ms. Hedman had told Mr. Mather and Ms. Newton to get rid of me--and I use the term ``get rid of me'' colloquially--largely because of the sexual harassment case and my involvement in that and how hard I was pursuing to see that management was held accountable for their responsibilities in that, as well as some other incidents that occurred that I alluded to in my statement where I took a stand and said, no, this is not going to happen this way, and I became an impediment.    So that is what I understand that she was involved in. As I indicated in my statement, that is hearsay on my part, but it was credible at the time, given the circumstances.    Mr. Tuttle. My findings were that, in the statements that I had gotten, the written statements I had gotten from not only Intern X but the other interns that I was put in contact with that submitted statements, a majority, not all, but a significant majority of those statements all indicated that the same type of behavior--the touching, the inappropriate contact, the sexual innuendos, the words--all of that the same.    All of the statements that expressed that indicated that that intern had reached out to management, in particular the manager that was responsible, because they were all in the same branch within that division. And they had reached out to this manager to get it to stop. And one of them made the statement that Mr. Harris brought up that said, when she wanted something done about it, this manager, Paul Horvatin, said to her, ``Well, you know, if I do this, it will ruin his career.''    And, as I indicated to Ms. Lawrence, to Congresswoman Lawrence, one of the other things that was said was that these women all asked for something to be done, and nothing had been done.    And to piggyback on what my colleagues have said here, all of this was made much worse than just being in the office, because all of these interns went out on our research vessel, the Lake Guardian, onto Lake Michigan, because that is a normal part of what Region 5 does because that is the national program for the Great Lakes. And sometimes they are out for days at a time. And so to be confined on this small research vessel while this is going on was a concern for the ones that I had gotten statements from.    Mr. Tuttle. My records went--I got statements that went back to approximately the year 2000. That would have encompassed about 10 statements, like Mr. Harris said. And probably all but--best I can remember right now, all but two had this same kind of statement made to them.    Mr. Tuttle. Based on what was documented, that could conceivably constitute a serial predator. And, you know, as I heard someone else make the statement, and I can't remember where I heard it, but, you know, this predator was being fed a steady diet of young interns over an extended period of time.    And to also go along with my involvement--because, again, as I indicated to the committee in my statement, I pursued this from the administrative side, and I was pursuing, actively pursuing, removal. And when Dr. Bertram was served notice, I guess, of his proposed removal, he retained an attorney. And from what I was given to understand through my labor relations supervisor, Mr. Gil Colston, once his attorney--because we provided support documentation as part of the due process--once his attorney saw what evidence we had that we were using to justify the removal, the attorney supposedly came back to Mr. Mather and asked if Mr. Mather would let him retire in lieu of removal.    Now, Dr. Bertram had sufficient service for regular retirement at the time that removal was proposed. I was not proposing to do him out of retirement, because that wasn't within my purview. But, by removing him, I could have added a few extra months and steps into him getting his retirement. Instead, in my professional opinion, when Mr. Mather agreed to let him retire, he gave him a free pass out with no blemish. So he had done all these things and essentially walked free.    Mr. Tuttle. What he did was absolutely illegal. I do not know if discussion was held between Mr. Mather once the matter was brought to his attention and the regional counsel, Mr. Kaplan, who is now the Deputy Regional Administrator since Mr. Mather retired. I do not know if discussion was held on that or not. I can't testify to that.    Mr. Tuttle. Well, to answer the question directly, yes. I like what I am doing. I believe--I've always been in customer service positions. I like what I do. I enjoy helping people and helping the mission get done.    And because of all of the things I've done, I've not only been--I am not only facing a force-out in December, I've been reduced in grade from a GS-15, which is what I was in Chicago, to a GS-14; I've been removed from supervision; I am not allowed anywhere near anything to do with what I formerly did, at least certainly anything where I can contribute at the level I have expertise in.    Mr. Tuttle. No.    Mr. Tuttle. I agree with my colleagues. I think accountability that is held firmly to is the only answer. I think that retaliation in any form, regardless of who it is, whether it is me, any of my colleagues, or anybody else, is abhorrent and has no place in any organization.    So if I were going to say--I were going to ask a question, it is, are you going to take a stand to make sure that me, my colleagues, and people like me can speak out on issues that need to be brought into the light of day and we are not going to have to worry about whether we are going to end up out on the street or castigated or marginalized or shamed any more than we have already been?