    Mr. Murphy. Good morning.    As I call to order this Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearing to examine the growing problem of prescription drug and heroin abuse, allow me to share a few quotes from an article in the New York Times, citing the views of Dr. Hamilton Wright of Ohio. In the article, Dr. Wright is quoted as saying: ``Of all the nations of the world, America consumes the most opium, in one form or another. The habit has this Nation in its grip to an astonishing extent. Our prisons and our hospitals are full of victims of it, it has robbed ten thousand business men and women of sense. The drug habit has spread throughout America until it threatens us with very serious disaster.''    What is striking about these statements is not the dismal picture they paint, but rather, that these remarks were published over 100 years ago in 1911. Back then, of course, we did not have the scientific or government involvement that we have today. Back then, there was no National Office of Drug Control Policy--the ONDCP--and there was no Department of Health and Human Services, no Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, and there was no National Institute on Drug Abuse. Yet despite all of our science and public health agencies, and despite the billions of federal dollars devoted to fighting the opioid problem, the situation is no better than it was 100 year ago. Indeed, many would say the situation is far worse.    According to the Centers for Disease Control, in just the past 3 years alone, the number of heroin overdose deaths in the United States has tripled. Tripled. And in some parts of the country, such as the Midwest, heroin overdose death rates have increased over 900 percent. Every day 120 people die from a drug overdose. The vast majority of these overdose deaths are due to prescription opioid medications. That is more than 43,000 deaths last year, or the tragic equivalent of one jetliner going down every single day.    In 2009, an estimated 13,000 babies were born in the United States addicted to heroin or prescription opioids. That is about one opioid-addicted baby every hour of the day, every day of the week. Please note that this statistic is from 2009, several years before the CDC announced our country was in the midst of an overdose epidemic and before the current explosion of heroin overdose deaths. The number of babies born addicted to opioids is much worse today. I used to work in a newborn intensive care unit, and I have watched too many tiny infants go through withdrawal symptoms. But seeing only one is enough to break your heart.    Something is desperately wrong with our Nation's response to the opioid epidemic, and it is quite literally a matter of life and death that we get honest answers and not remain misguided in our approach to how we solve this crisis.    Every Member of Congress is seeing the consequence of the federal government's failure because it touches every community and every family across America. My own district in Pennsylvania has seen the terrible consequences of addiction and death from opiate overdoses, and the problem has only gotten worse over the past year. In Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, the drug overdose death total for 2014 surpassed that of 2013--a record to that point--by an additional death, and during that time, the number of accidental deaths caused by heroin in the county increased by over 30 percent. In 2014, Allegheny County, where Pittsburgh is, had 281 fatal overdoses reported, compared to 278 the previous year, and it is climbing for this year.    No federal agency has a more central role in this ongoing epidemic than the Department of Health and Human Services. HHS and its Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, otherwise known as SAMHSA, are tasked with leading our Nation's public health response to opioid and heroin abuse and addiction. SAMHSA regulates our country's 1,300 opioid maintenance--formerly known as methadone clinics--and is responsible for certifying the 26,000 physicians who prescribe the semi-synthetic opioid buprenorphine. According to testimony provided by SAMHSA before this subcommittee in April of last year, nearly 1.5 million people were ``treated''--and I put ``treated'' in quotes--with these opioids in 2012. That is a five-fold increase in the last 10 years. Now, I might add, I will not call this treatment. It is addiction maintenance.    Buprenorphine can more safely maintain a person's dependence by reducing the need for illegal opioid abuse, such as heroin, and thereby the risk for overdose. But make no mistake, buprenorphine is a highly potent opioid, which according to SAMHSA, is 20 to 50 times more potent than morphine. So it is worth considering that our national strategy to combat substance abuse is to maintain addiction by either prescribing or administering a heroin-replacement opioid. When you consider research from the National Institute on Drug Abuse documenting that almost everyone who stops taking buprenorphine relapses to illicit opioid use within a matter of weeks, it is deeply concerning thatwe don't have the best solutions for addiction recovery. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, when police conduct a prescription drug bust, the third most frequently seized drug by law enforcement is buprenorphine--more than methadone, more than morphine, more than codeine. And unlike clinics that administer methadone, there are no requirements for buprenorphine clinics to offer or even discuss non-addictive treatment alternatives with patients, no requirements to develop treatment plans, no requirements to protect the public against it being diverted for illicit use. Meanwhile, the CDC reports that buprenorphine is the most frequently cited prescription drug in poisonings of children, accounting for nearly 30 percent of all opioid-related emergency department visits and 60 percent of emergent hospitalizations among children.    Worse yet, of opioid-addicted babies who start their fragile lives being medically detoxified off of opioids, nearly half of their mothers are on buprenorphine or methadone maintenance in HHS/SAMHSA-regulated or -certified practices.    This is government-supported addiction. It is not moving people to sobriety. We should not just focus on the extraordinary costs of detoxifying babies off of buprenorphine, but also the profound consequences for these babies whose entire experience in the womb and after they are born is dominated by buprenorphine dependence. Further, there are significant concerns about short- and long-term neurodevelopmental impacts of opioid exposure in utero. Why is the government subsidizing this harm?    Despite these problems, HHS and SAMHSA continue to actively and aggressively promote the use of buprenorphine, yet noticeably silent on promoting research and innovative measures with the goal of ending opioid addiction, not simply continuing addiction through drug maintenance programs of methadone. It concerns me that HHS and SAMHSA have no practical guidance on how to get people off of this prescribed opioid when those on buprenorphine maintenance for substance abuse disorders use illicit opioids an average of four times a week.    Now, I recognize this morning that HHS announced new plans and funding to work on this issue, and this committee eagerly awaits to see the details on how that will play out.    Compounding this crisis is the lack of evidence-based treatment to end opioid addiction, not merely replace an illicit drug with a government-sanctioned one. Evidence-based treatment includes decisions based on scientific studies with quantitative data, and is distinguished from those relying on anecdotes and subjective observations.    Only about 10 percent of persons with a substance abuse disorder will get any form of medical care. Of those who are lucky enough to get care, only 10 percent of them will get evidence-based treatment for the disease of addiction. Yet most medical professionals are not sufficiently trained to diagnose or treat the disease of addiction, and most providing addiction care are not medical professionals and are not equipped to provide the full range of effective treatments.    Now, I believe in recovery. I believe in lives being restored and every individual living up to their full God-given potential and doing so drug-free. I desperately want our federal efforts to work in every community and for every family that seeks care for addiction disorders. And I know that working together, at the federal, State, and local level, we will achieve success. But we have to set our eyes on the goal of full recovery, not just addiction maintenance. We can do this, I have no doubt.    We continue our oversight series today by listening to law enforcement and public health officials who are working at the on the front lines to protect our communities and our families in this national epidemic. We are grateful for your service and for taking the time to be with us today.    Mr. Murphy. And with that, I now recognize Ms. DeGette of Colorado.    Mr. Murphy. I thank the gentlelady, and thank you for your comments--very pointed.    I now recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. The gentleman yield back. I now recognize Mr. Kennedy of Massachusetts for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I thank the gentleman for yielding your time. You are all done on your side? All right. Thank you.    What we are going to do is, I am going to swear in the witnesses and then I am going to ask members who invited witnesses to introduce each one of you briefly, and hopefully we will get your testimony done before votes because we do want to hear from you and ask questions.    So you are all aware that the committee is holding an investigative hearing, and when doing so has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have any objections to giving testimony under oath? Seeing no objections, the chair then advises you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee, you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel during your testimony today? No one indicates they want counsel, so in that case, if you would all please rise and raise your right hand, I will swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. You may sit down. All the witnesses have indicated in the affirmative. You are under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title XVIII, Section 1001 of the United States Code.    We will call upon you each to give a 5-minute summary of your written testimony. We will start off with Mr. Fred Wells Brason, and Mr. Hudson of North Carolina will introduce the witness.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Brason, you are recognized--is it Brason or Branson?    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Brason, you are recognized for 5 minutes. Turn the mike on, pull it close to you, watch the red light. That will tell you when you are done. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you very much.    Now we are going to recognize Dr. Sarah Melton, and Mr. Griffith of Virginia is going to introduce you.    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Melton, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now I am going to recognize the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. McKinley, to introduce Dr. Maxwell.    Mr. Murphy. Doctor, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now we are going to go to Ms. Brooks to introduce her guest here today.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    You are recognized for 5 minutes. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Ms. Gardner.    Now, Mr. Fitz, I will recognize you. You are the prosecutor of Cass County, Michigan, also the President of the Prosecuting Attorneys Association of Michigan. Welcome here. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you very much.    Now Corporal Mike Griffin will be introduced by Mr. Mullin of Oklahoma.    Mr. Murphy. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Corporal. I appreciate your testimony.    Last but not least is Dr. Banta-Green, Senior Research Scientist at the Alcohol and Drug Abuse Institute at the University of Washington in Seattle.    Doctor, you may now give a 5-minute summary of your written statement.    Mr. Murphy. I thank the entire panel. We will try and get through as many questions of members as possible, and we will have votes, but we will continue on because one vote will be brief.    So Dr. Melton, let me start off with you. What is the goal of medication to deal with opioid addiction? Is it to keep the addict maintained for life or is the goal to have it part of a program of getting the person clean and sober from the drugs?    Mr. Murphy. I am looking at a study here that was in the New England Journal of Medicine by Johnson, et al, and it reports that patients on buprenorphine used illicit opioids an average of four times per week. So I don't know how much that is working. Can you comment on that?    Mr. Murphy. So there is an incentive, are there incentives because there are cash transactions in many cases and what you describe, they become pill mills? Is that what it has become?    Mr. Murphy. Because otherwise with the government funding these things, we are just in that great term that we use, the clinical terms, we are codependents, we are enablers if we create these incentives.    I move on to another--Dr. Brason, your experience with Project Lazarus, what has been the most effective approaches in getting addicts completely off drugs?    Mr. Murphy. Yes, off drugs.    Mr. Murphy. So somewhere out there in America, we hope someone is watching this hearing that themselves is dealing with drug addiction. If you had a chance to look them in the eye and say something to that addict, what do you say?    Mr. Murphy. And in simple words too, Ms. Gardner, is there hope? Can you give someone hope that they can get off drugs?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I am out of time, and I will recognize Ms. DeGette for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Ms. DeGette. I now recognize Mr. McKinley for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Mr. Tonko, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Without objection.    Mr. Murphy. They called votes. We are going to try and get through another one. Mr. Griffith, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Griffith.    We are going to take a brief break to have votes. We should be back here, let us aim for around 12:15, and we will continue on with our questions, and I thank the panel for waiting.    Mr. Murphy. All right. We reconvene this hearing of Oversight and Investigations on substance abuse and addiction.    I am now going to recognize Mr. Mullin of Oklahoma for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. I now recognize Ms. Brooks for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Ms. Brooks.    Ms. DeGette, you have a follow-up question?    Mr. Murphy. Sure. Without objection.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. The gentlelady yields back.    I know that today HHS announced they are going to put $113 million toward addressing the opioid epidemic focusing on providing training, education, resources including updated prescriber guidelines, assist health professionals regarding the over-prescribing, increasing use of naloxone as well as continuing to support the development and the distribution of the lifesaving drug, and expanding the use of medication-assisted treatment, the MAT program. I think this is good news. We will want to work with them.    We had a recent hearing where the Government Accountability Office had told us that federal agencies were not working well together, 112 programs that deal with mental illness. But I think Secretary Burwell is really trying to make some changes in this, and we applaud that, so we will be looking forward to seeing how that does.    But I want to ask one follow-up question. On that first issue of dealing with healthcare professionals who over-prescribe, some doctors have told me that now as they are rated by patients, one of the things they are rated on is, you know, the comfort level and managing pain, and of course, a physician who is looking to boost their ratings doesn't want that patient to leave their office in pain. So there is an incentive there, again, one of these bizarre incentives we have to over-prescribe. Any of you have any comments on that and how we deal with that aspect of things? Mr. Brason.    Mr. Murphy. Anybody else have a follow-up statement you want to make on that point?    Dr. Banta-Green.    Mr. Murphy. Good point. I know I was once on a congressional visit to Iraq, and unfortunately, I was in a rollover accident and hurt my spine and a little bit paralyzed for a while, but I know--and part of this is military medicine, patch them up, ship them out, but I know coming back from there, I was on OxyContin, Percocet, Tylenol, which is the mildest one, and fentanyl patches, and you are that kind of a cocktail and you don't know which way is up, and for myself, I said I am not doing this anymore. I ripped off the fentanyl patch and did everything. It was not a pleasant experience. I can't imagine what it is like for someone who has been taking those kind of things for months or years.    So as a person who has dealt with folks with substance abuse, as a person who has lived with someone with substance abuse, as someone who has treated and worked with infants in newborn intensive care units, I want to thank you all for your work. Some of you like Corporal Griffin putting your life on the line, thank you for your service. Mr. Fitz, thank you for doing those things at a prosecutor level. Ms. Gardner, great stories of what is happening in the school. Keep up the great work. I understand one of your graduates is in medical school?    Mr. Murphy. That is awesome.    Mr. Murphy. We wish him the best. And all of you, thank you for your front line work.    We will be having other things on this. You heard Ms. DeGette talk about we will want to be looking at state policies and federal policies. Please don't let be your last contact. You were brought here by some distinguished Members of Congress who believe in a lot of what you do. Keep that conversation going, and encourage your colleagues from around the country too. We want to know what to do here because this deadly epidemic is something that we have to address, and we look forward to hearing your expert opinions on this.    Thank you all so much. Have a wonderful Easter. And it is now adjourned.