    Mr. Grayson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I welcome this distinguished panel of witnesses here today to discuss a topic that is of critical importance to the future of our nation and in fact the entire world.    Fusion energy has the potential to provide a practically unlimited supply of safe, reliable, clean energy to us all. While we've yet to achieve a viable fusion reactor, I believe there's many paths that we have to do so. I also don't believe that we're doing nearly enough to ensure that we're pursuing the most promising approaches to achieve this goal quickly and effectively as possible.    Fusion energy can be an enormous global boon to every living human being, and it's going to happen. Whether it happens five years from now or 50 years from now depends on the decisions that we make and the work that you do.    That's why, while I appreciate the participation of both the ITER Director General and the Director of the DOE's only national laboratory dedicated to advancing fusion energy, I'm also particularly pleased that we have Dr. Hsu here on the panel this morning. He's the recipient of the largest award in the recently established ARPA-E program that's examining the potential for alternative innovative fusion energy concepts, this one called magnetized target fusion, which may achieve net energy production far sooner and with much lower capital costs than conventional existing approaches. I also look forward to hearing Dr. Hsu's thoughts on how the Department of Energy can better support and assess the viability more generally of a breakthrough approaches like this.    And I look forward to learning more about the progress that ITER has made under Dr. Bigot's leadership to address previously identified management deficiencies and to establish a more reliable path forward for the project.    And finally, I look forward to Dr. Prager's views on how we can and should regain or maintain U.S. leadership in fusion energy development moving forward.    I think that this panel today goes right to the heart of why we do the work we do in research in America through the U.S. Government and otherwise. It's going to happen. Sooner or later mankind will definitely, without any doubt, establish a means to generate fusion energy and meet our energy needs this way. The question is it's going to happen during our lifetimes and our generation or the next generation or the one after that. I prefer to see it happen in my generation, and I'll know that when that does happen, I will feel very proud that we sat here today, learned how to make that happen, and then did what we needed to do to go ahead and to deliver this breakthrough energy source to all mankind.    I yield back.    Mr. Grayson. Thank you.    Dr. Bigot, it's been ten years already since the major governments of the world signed off on the ITER project. We now have 11 years to go before we start to do the major experiments involved, and there isn't even a plan to actually generate net electricity from ITER. That's not its design or its purpose.    Dr. Prager, you're talking about an alternative smaller-scale approach where we would begin construction ten years from now. Let's say hypothetically that mankind wakes up tomorrow morning and decides that we don't want to wait 10 or 11 years until we do the experiments or the construction, but we want a much quicker result that can lead to electricity generation net from fusion projects in a shorter time frame. What should we do? Dr. Hsu?    Mr. Grayson. Well, consider, what do you mean by that? Pursue, you used that word also. What do you mean by that? What should we do?    Mr. Grayson. Do you want to enumerate some?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Prager, if we don't want to wait 10 or 11 years simply to conduct more experiments or new construction but we actually want to see some positive result that benefits mankind in a shorter time frame, what should we do?    Mr. Grayson. Okay.    Mr. Grayson. All right.    Mr. Grayson. You say there are designs on the table that the United States should be building. What are they?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Bigot?    Mr. Grayson. I yield back.    Mr. Grayson. Looking back historically, we had a working net-energy-producing fission reactor before we actually had the first fission weapon detonated a couple of years earlier actually. So now here we are. It's been 64 years since the first fusion weapon was detonated, and we still don't have a fusion reactor that produces net energy, nor are we apparently even close to it. What's the problem, gentlemen? Let's start with Dr. Bigot?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Prager?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Hsu?    Mr. Grayson. Let's say if the President of the United States announced that by the year 2025 he wanted to have fusion facilities all around the country as reactors providing net energy, in other words, a sort of Manhattan Project for fusion. What would that project actually look like, Dr. Prager?    Mr. Grayson. Let's just continue. Who would like to go next? What would that project--that Manhattan Project or a pilot project, what would it look like?    Mr. Grayson. Dr. Hsu?    Mr. Grayson. I yield back.    Mr. Grayson. I haven't.