    Mr. Judd. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings.    In June, a CBP helicopter was shot and forced down in Laredo, Texas. To many in Washington, this was a wakeup call to the increasing violence on the Mexican border. Unfortunately, this was far from an isolated incident.    For example, in 2014, less than 100 miles from the helicopter shooting, Border Patrol Agent Javier Vega was murdered defending his family from two armed illegal immigrants while on a fishing trip. One of the murderers had been deported four times, the other twice for illegally crossing the border.    Twenty years ago, and about the time I joined the Border Patrol, the Zeta, Sinaloa, Gulf, and Knights Templar cartels did not exist or were not widely known. Although narcotics and illegal immigrant smuggling were conducted by organized crime, it was not nearly on the level we see the cartels operating today. There were even relatively small-time players conducting smuggling operations within a given area of operations.    Although violence could and did erupt, the older generation of smugglers took the long view. They would rather risk losing a load of narcotics to the Border Patrol than opening fire on agents. Violence brought unwanted attention on both sides of the border, and that was bad for business. This all began to unravel in the early 2000s with the emergence of the drug cartels.    These cartels are well organized, heavily armed, and pathologically violent. To give you a sense of the violence, the official death toll--as you quoted earlier--the official death toll from the cartel violence in Mexico is 60,000. This is more than the United States military lost in Vietnam. However, the unofficial death toll in Mexico is over 120,000 killed and another 27,000 missing and presumed dead.    In Mexico, the cartels kill without hesitation or fear of prosecution. In May of this year, cartel members shot down a Mexican Army helicopter in the state of Jalisco. Why would we expect them to behave any differently on the U.S.-Mexico border?    The second factor driving the increased violence is the rise of criminal aliens. When I first started in the Border Patrol, if you were a citizen of Mexico, we simply took down your information, took a single fingerprint, loaded you on a bus and drove you to the border for repatriation. It was a revolving-door border enforcement policy with cases where agents often arrested the same individual twice in the same shift.    Three positive developments, however, changed this. The first was the change in the way we collected information. Instead of just capturing one fingerprint, we began taking the prints of all ten fingers and running the prints of those arrested against all criminal databases kept in the United States Department of Justice. We were then able to identify with certainty criminal aliens attempting to reenter the United States or to identify those who were arrested during interior patrol activities.    The second positive step was the implementation of the various consequence delivery systems used in certain places along the border, and the third was Immigration and Customs Enforcement's criminal deportation program.    I want to be very clear on this, especially given the recent incendiary comments about who is crossing the border and the assertions that the border is far safer than it has ever been: In 2014 ICE deported 177,000 convicted criminals. Of this number, 91,000 were arrested by the Border Patrol trying to illegally reenter this country.    To put this figure in perspective, in 2014 the Border Patrol apprehended and arrested just under 500,000 illegal immigrants. Meaning that one in every five arrests last year by the Border Patrol was a criminal alien. Almost 50 percent of the criminal aliens supported in 2014 were convicted of aggravated felonies. These charges include murder, rape, sexual assault of a child, and drug and weapons trafficking. These are not petty criminals, and approximately 60 percent of those deported last year had already been deported at least once before.    This is the challenge we are facing at the border today. There are those who will point to lower apprehension rates and tell you the border is secure. Border Patrol agents, however, throughout this nation will tell you the border is not secure and the southwest border certainly is not safe.    We know what the problems are. What can we do to improve? First thing, increase manpower. Currently, there are 21,370 Border Patrol agents in this country. And that's actually what Congress mandates that we have. We're actually about 2,000 less, under that. So we don't even have the floor that Congress has mandated that we maintain. We do not have to double the size of the Border Patrol to gain operational control of the border, but we are, in my opinion, approximately 5,000 agents short of where we should be.    Secondly, supervisory staffing levels. The Border Patrol is an extremely top-heavy organization with far too many layers of management. The average large police department has one supervisor for every ten officers. The Border Patrol has one supervisor for every four agents. The committee should mandate a ten-to-one ratio and achieve it through attrition in the supervisory ranks. This could easily return another 1,500 agents to the field.    Because of time, I'm just going to point out the other points. We need to continue with interior enforcement, we need to improve our training, and we need to prosecute assaults against Border Patrol agents. In this manner, I believe that we will decrease the violence on the border and we will help to maintain border security.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Judd. According to the agents that I speak with that are actually on the frontline that actually work and see what we arrest and what gets away, I would say that we would be lucky if we're 40 percent.    Mr. Judd. From the research that we have done----    Mr. Judd. That is correct; yes, sir.    Mr. Judd. Absolutely.    Mr. Judd. We have none.    Mr. Judd. Yes, they did.    Mr. Judd. Yes, it is. And what I find the scariest part of all of this border violence is how it's extending now into the interior of the United States. We just had a young man shot in the back by presumed an illegal alien from the country of El Salvador associated with the Mara Salvatrucha gang. We just had a U.S. citizen in San Francisco who was just killed. So we're not only seeing violence on the border, but this is extending into the United States, and that's scary.    Mr. Judd. I think it was too soft. I think that you could have expressed a much greater level of frustration.    I want to point out that on the northern border, there was an arrest made of an illegal alien in the Havre Border Patrol sector. We took this individual into custody. We immediately released the individual on the street. Within weeks that individual went up to I believe it was Great Falls, Montana, and raped a 14-year old girl. We had this individual in our custody. We had the authority to remove this individual from this country, and we didn't do it. And then that individual went and raped a 14-year old girl. Her life will never be the same.    Mr. Judd. Yes.    Mr. Judd. When I came to testify, I came to testify about violence on the border and keeping U.S. Personnel safe.    As far as Mexican consulates go, I have no idea how to do that. All I can tell you is I am an expert in border security and what comes across the border and how we can better promote operations to effectively secure the border, and that's what I'm trying to give testimony on.    Mr. Judd. Absolutely. Without the manpower on the border, we can't properly--we just physically can't secure the border. We need men and women on the borders to do that. When you have specific areas like Presidio where the living conditions are absolutely horrendous, it's literally impossible to keep agents in that area, and so we need to do something. It was interesting that a couple years ago they took away the designation from Presidio.    Mr. Judd. We have been pushing the Agency for that, and unfortunately they haven't reciprocated.    Mr. Judd. No. The ports of entry, I don't work at the port of entry. I work between the ports of entry. For me, it would be very difficult if somebody took a card from, like for instance my card. If somebody took my card and I encounter them in the interior, there's no way for me to actually run that through the checks that Mr. Starr currently----    Mr. Judd. That I'm aware of, none.    Mr. Judd. All of them.    Mr. Judd. Next to nothing.    Mr. Judd. The BCC cards, if somebody is not properly looking and inspecting who the person is, for instance if you come through the port of entry and you present your card and they don't look at you and they just swipe it and it's a good card and they pass you through, absolutely they can do that.    But the cards really are, as Mr. Starr said, they're very good cards. They're very difficult to duplicate. But if you have somebody else's cards and they don't properly inspect you, you could get into the United States.