    Mr. Salmon. This committee will come to order.    Chairman Royce, I welcome the opportunity to convene this subcommittee hearing with you today on Property Rights and Development in Southeast Asia.    I always enjoy coming to California, and the Cal Poly Pomona campus is truly a beautiful backdrop.    Mr. Chairman, you are very lucky to represent such a beautiful piece of our country, and I would like to thank our distinguished witnesses for their participation in the hearing.    Today I look forward to hearing about the progress that Southeast Asian countries have made in developing rule of law and protections for property rights. Given varying structures of governance and levels of development among Southeast Asian countries, we know that large challenges remain for countries, for individuals, and for businesses. I hope to learn more about these obstacles as well.    We are concerned about the abuse of power and gross violations of property rights in Cambodia. Private property rights were greatly impaired under the Khmer Rouge, though Cambodian law does not recognize private, state, and collective ownership by private individuals and indigenous communities.    Despite this, land-grabbing by the government for their political cronies and businesses has escalated significantly over the years. Up to \1/2\ million Cambodians have been reported to be displaced by forced land seizures. Poor and vulnerable populations have been identified as most harmed by forced evictions and lack of compensation for their land. Due to high court costs and lack of resources for many of those adversely affected, many disputes never make it to court. Those that do, end up facing an ineffective system to seek redress for violations and unfair treatment.    I know that USAID has funded programs to train lawyers and judges and support NGOs with legal aid and property rights education, and the World Bank and other donors have funded similar projects. I welcome additional solutions to the tragic condition of property rights in Cambodia.    The Philippines' 1987 constitution includes many provisions which protect private property rights, and efforts have been made to protect landowners from squatters and unfair land takings. The Philippine Government has attempted the execution of land reform programs for many years, with varying degrees of success and failure.    Despite efforts, much of the vulnerable rural population of the Philippines remain landless, and the population living in informal settlements with no enforceable legal basis to their claims continues to grow. Inconsistencies in Philippine land and property policies, exacerbated by a weak legal system and political or business interference, have stoked competition over land ownership claims and privileges. Overlapping or fraudulent land titles can fuel conflict, contribute greatly to instances of squatting or land grabbing, and hinder greater economic development.    A tradition of government corruption in the Philippines has made these issues harder to address. USAID and other international organizations and NGOs have worked to improve the land rights in the Philippines, such as supporting the development of the Residential Free Patent Act of 2010 that streamlines titling of residential lands. These efforts advance governance and advocacy for the Filipino population and help those without a voice.    Similarly, I look to our distinguished witnesses for insight on how we can catalyze more positive momentum in the Philippines. Land grabbing and insufficient protection of property rights exists elsewhere in Southeast Asia, and I welcome discussion about efforts to address issues in other countries as well. For instance, in Burma, citizens and organizations cannot own any land, since it all belongs to the state. Forcible and uncompensated land confiscation is rampant in Burma, and its drive for economic growth has stifled progress on the issue. I would be interested to hear from the State Department and USAID on what work we have done in Burma to aid in reversing this injustice.    Similarly in Indonesia, property rights are inconsistent, and the land rights of the vulnerable and the poor are insecure. Capacity to interpret laws fairly and unambiguously is limited. In Vietnam and Laos, the land, as they say, belongs to all, but it is administered poorly and inefficiently. Here, Thailand has been a model for Southeast Asian nations, boasting a transparent land administration system that has issued title deeds to much of the population.    The United States strives to be a voice of reason and to help galvanize necessary reform throughout the region. We will seek to promote and protect fundamental rights that are inconsistently enforced and poorly upheld in Southeast Asia. Furthermore, we will work with our allies to encourage the development of transparent, enforceable, and equitable laws that will benefit all members of these diverse countries.    Members present will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official hearing record. And without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 calendar days to allow statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    I now yield to Chairman Royce for his opening statement.    Mr. Salmon. Absolutely.    Mr. Salmon. Without objection.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. Before I recognize the ranking member, I do need to talk about some of the etiquette issues associated with congressional hearings. As Mr. Royce said, he did this before in a town hall. A hearing is very, very different. In fact, in a hearing, the only people that will be speaking will be the distinguished panel members. We have two panels today. The other people that will be speaking are Members of Congress up here on the dais that will be making opening statements and asking questions. There is no audience participation other than being here.    As far as the rules of the road, so to speak, we would ask that if you haven't done so already, to put your cell phones on silent. Also, this is not a town hall meeting, so we don't cheer and we don't boo and we don't have public outcries. It is just the nature of congressional hearings. We are not trying to offend anybody. That is just the way that they are done.    I would like to recognize the ranking member.    Mr. Salmon. Again, we would please ask the audience if they would refrain from clapping or cheering. Thank you.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Rohrabacher, did you have an opening statement?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Ms. Chu?    Mr. Salmon. We are grateful to have two excellent witnesses from the administration, and we are really appreciative that they could join us on our first panel this morning.    First we have James Carouso, the State Department's Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Bureau of Asian and Pacific Affairs; and Jonathan Stivers, who is USAID's Assistant Administrator of the Asia Bureau.    We will start with Mr. Carouso.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Carouso, could you pull your microphone just a little closer? Thank you.    Mr. Salmon. Yes, thank you.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Stivers?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you, Mr. Stivers.    Oh, I am sorry.    Mr. Salmon. Thanks, Mr. Stivers.    I am going to start out with a question that would be directed to both of you, and then I will yield to the chairman.    For many Southeast Asian countries, foreign investment from large corporations furthers economic growth. However, some of the region's rural farmers have had their land taken away by these large agribusinesses, developers and others. In Cambodia alone, over 400,000 rural people have been displaced by acquisition of land by these large corporations.    How can these countries effectively balance the desire for increased and continued economic development and that kind of prosperity with the need to protect the rights and the livelihoods of the poorest citizens?    We will start with you, Mr. Stivers.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Carouso, do you want to take a stab at that?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to you.    Mr. Salmon. The Chair will recognize Chairman Royce.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Dr. Chu?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Rohrabacher?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Salmon. All right. We are fortunate this morning to also hear from a second panel of witnesses with personal knowledge of property rights in the region.    First, Ms. Faith Bautista is the president and CEO of the National Asian American Coalition. Welcome here today.    Mr. Joey Quinto is the publisher of the California Journal for Filipino Americans. Thank you, Joey. Glad to have you here today.    Mr. Zosimo--did I say that right?--Zosimo Contreras joins us as the current litigant in a property dispute in the Philippines.    And Mr. Richard Rogers is a law partner at Global Diligence LLP and represents Cambodian land-grabbing victims before the International Criminal Court.    We thank the panel for joining us this afternoon, and we will start with you, Ms. Bautista.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Quinto?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Contreras?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Rogers?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    We now go to questions.    Mr. Rogers, I would just ask one question. I know some of the members up here have other obligations, so we will try to move it along as quickly as we possibly can.    Mr. Rogers, you are pressing a case, then, with the Hague. What is your expectation, and what do you think the timing is of them responding back to you as to whether or not they are going to take jurisdiction? And if they decline, do you have other venues that you can pursue legally?    Mr. Salmon. Would it be possible, if it does go to that first phase, and if--I mean, I know these are a lot of ``ifs'' and hypotheticals, but is it possible that the Cambodian Government could contact you and offer some kind of a settlement to fix the issues with these people?    Mr. Salmon. No, I understand that. Oh, okay, so you couldn't withdraw.    Mr. Salmon. Okay. Once you pursue a criminal action, it is on cruise control, basically, then?    Mr. Salmon. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Sherman?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Royce?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Dr. Chu?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Rohrabacher?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    I thank the members of the committee. Some traveled greater distances, some not so much.    We appreciate the staff who have come here today.    We appreciate the great witnesses that we have had.    And I can't tell you how much I appreciate what a polite and wonderful group of attendees have been here today. I am sure many are from Cambodia and many from the Philippines. We are just thrilled to have you here today and really appreciate your courtesy.    Rest assured, this is a serious issue. The chairman of the full committee has a penchant for staying with something until it gets resolved. He is very well known for that in Congress, and we are thrilled to be here with him today.    With that having been said, we are going to adjourn the committee. Thank you.