    Mr. Jones. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much.    I wanted to be here for this hearing, and I am sorry I had to leave.    But, obviously, Cherry Point Marine Air Station is in my district, and as somebody said earlier, the F-35 is of great importance to many of us around the country.    This was an article in Business Insider on March 27th of this year, ``The Marine Corps wantto put flawed new fighter jets into service is the biggest F-35 story right now.''    You have touched on some of this. But I have spent 13 years of my life finding out more about the V-22 than I ever thought I would learn about anything.    I was here at the time that the Marine Corps came forward, Commandant Jim Jones, saying that, ``We have got to have the V-22. The V-22 is going to replace the helicopters, heelicopters, from the Vietnam war, and we have got to have it.''    I saw at that point what I was hoping--and no this is not talking about you--but the fact that the Marine Corps was so desperate to get the V-22 that a lot of decisions were made like not fulfilling the testing of the vortex ring state and how that would impact the V-22. They scrapped that testing to save $50 million.    The plane that crashed that I have gotten involved in was the crash on April the 8th in Marana, Arizona, where 19 marines were burned to death--the co-pilot's wife lives in my district, Connie Gruber. Her husband was Brooks Gruber. The pilot John Brow's wife, Trish, lives in Steny Hoyer's district--and in trying to get the Marine Corps to write a letter to the wives saying that, ``At the time of this accident, we did not understand the vortex ring state. We didn't know how it would impact in a certain situation. So, therefore, the press release that we sent out the first month of that accident was very misleading, but the press has always picked it up as pilot error.''    Now, what am I trying to get to? What I want to make sure--and I think each one of you have done a great job, what little bit of time I was here today. And I have read many, many articles all around about the V-22, the positive and the negatives.    But I hope that, if we are going to put the pilots up and put them into certain situations, that we know the best that we can know, that we are not going to jeopardize their lives, because I have seen the pain with Connie Gruber and Trish Brow that they have carried for 15 years because of misinformation about that accident.    And my hope is, with the F-35--and you have done a great job of explaining today, and I know the chairman's been very involved in this--but let's not be so in a hurry to prove that we are right with this F-35 that we would jeopardize any pilot from anywhere.    And I want to--with the minute and 30 seconds I have left, I really would like for you to--each one--in a very short period of time tell the American people that we are not going to jeopardize our pilots to prove a point that we have got to have the F-35.    General Bogdan. Sir, I will go first.    I have been an Air Force pilot for 31 years and have over 3,300 hours in 40 different kinds of airplanes. I would never ever ask a pilot to do anything in the F-35 that I wouldn't do myself.    Mr. Jones. Fair enough.    General Bogdan. Safety in this program is our number one priority. I have independent air worthiness authorities that watch what we do. And I would never jeopardize a maintainer or a flier's life just to prove a point about a program. It is not worth it.    Mr. Jones. That is why I respect you.    General Bogdan. And I won't do it.    Mr. Jones. I wish that had happened in the year 2000. But I saw the dishonesty at that time to prove a point, and that is why I feel so passionately and strong, and that is why I appreciate you, sir, for what you just said. Thank you.    Mr. Jones. Thank you, sir.    Thank you, Chairman.