    Mr. Lawrence. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Schakowsky, Ranking Member Pallone, and members of this subcommittee. And thank you for inviting me to testify at today's hearing on the proposed Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act. My comments will be restricted to that bill only.    My name is Cleveland Lawrence, III. I am a Co-Executive Director of Taxpayers Against Fraud and its sister organization, TAFEF Education Fund, which are two non-profit public interest organizations dedicated to combating fraud against taxpayer dollars through the promotion and protection of False Claims Act laws and qui tam provisions, which allow whistleblowers with evidence of fraud against government entities, to file suit on behalf of the government in exchange for financial rewards of at least 15 and up to 30 percent of the government's recovery if their suits are successful.    My organizations also support the goals of the IRS, SEC, and CFTC whistleblower programs, which do not have qui tam provisions but still offer monetary rewards to whistleblowers in exchange for original information about significant tax, securities, and commodities fraud.    I first joined TAF in 2008 and became co-executive director in 2013. I am an attorney by training and spent the first 6 years of my career as an associate at the international law firm of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, where, among other things, my practice included defending whistleblower claims brought under the False Claims Act. Having examined whistleblower claims from both sides over the past 15 years, I can say without reservation that the Federal False Claims Act is the model statute for any effective whistleblower law or program.    Since that law was overhauled in 1986, the False Claims Act has returned more than $40 billion to the U.S. Treasury. This result is in large part due to the significant role that whistleblowers have played in exposing fraud on the Federal fisc. For example, according to the U.S. Department of Justice, False Claims Act cases have recovered $5.69 billion for the Federal Government just last fiscal year alone, with nearly $3 billion of that total resulting from lawsuits filed by whistleblowers. The success of the False Claims Act over a near 30-year period should not and has not been ignored. More than half of the States have False Claims Act statutes now. And at the government's urging, most of these laws mimic the Federal statute.    Similarly, the IRS, SEC, and CFTC now have provisions that reward whistleblowers, all of which are modeled on the False Claims Act. While I applaud and fully endorse the effort to enact whistleblower legislation to make automobiles and road travel safer, I cannot support the proposed Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act in its current form, as it suffers from many of the deficiencies that have already been corrected under the False Claims Act, IRS, SEC, and CFTC arenas. I will discuss two of the primary weakness of the bill, either of which is enough to significantly derail the program.    First, the bill lacks guaranteed minimum rewards and gives the Secretary of Transportation unfettered discretion over the amount of an award up to a maximum to give to whistleblowers whose information resulted in monetary sanctions recovered by the government from an automobile manufacturer, parts supplier, or dealership, including the option to award no award at all. Decades of experience make clear that any whistleblower program will inevitably fail unless it guarantees minimum rewards for those who risk their careers to come forward.    Before the False Claims Act was overhauled in 1986, it did not guarantee minimum rewards either. And the program did not effectively remedy fraud, bringing in only about $54 million dollars in the year before it was amended. But since then, we have seen the outstanding success of the statute, bringing in billions of dollars each year in the recent years. Whistleblowers are simply unable to risk their livelihood without the assurance of some compensation for doing so and reporting fraud or misconduct by their companies to the government. The SEC and CFTC, similarly, have guaranteed minimum rewards to whistleblowers for their information, as has the IRS. The concept of incentivized integrity works. But a whistleblower program that does not ensure minimum rewards can offer little more than an illusory promise.    The second issue with the bill is the internal reporting requirement. I can think of no other effective law enforcement paradigm that requires that the target of the investigation is notified before the government can investigate. In my experience, whistleblowers often prefer to report internally. But since not all internal compliance programs are equal, they have to make the choice about whether or not reporting internally to the company will target them for retaliation. In addition, by requiring a whistleblower to report internally, the government effectively cuts off access to continued information about the misconduct within the company, giving the company an opportunity to coach further witnesses, destroy evidence, or otherwise thwart what could be an effective secret government internal investigation.    I urge the committee to correct these two issues, because without these corrections the program is doomed to failure. I am happy to answer your questions. Thank you.    Mr. Lawrence. Certainly not. In our experience, most whistleblowers actually do report the misconduct of their company up the chain of command and, generally speaking, only contact the government after they have suffered the retaliation from the company for bringing their concerns to management.    The False Claims Act takes the exact opposite approach and does not require whistleblowers to bring their information directly to the fraud feasors. Instead, it requires whistleblowers actually to submit their information under seal and only provide it to the government so as not to tip off the target that the government might be investigating potential wrongdoing or fraud.    Mr. Lawrence. It certainly adds another step to the process of getting the information to the appropriate government officials. And that delay could certainly result in a more dangerous environment.