    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Mr. Secretary, welcome back to the Hill. I admire your tenacity and your physical prowess, putting up with the long travels that you constantly are undergoing.    You are serving as the Nation's chief diplomat during a truly tumultuous period.    Undeniably, the threat posed by ISIS demands our immediate attention. We have seen this group of terrorists senselessly kill innocent civilians and our partners and allies in the fight against ISIS, and they are stepping up threats to Western targets. ISIS brutality seemingly has no limits.    The President has asked other countries to play a prominent role in dismantling ISIS, and the U.S. must support our friends and allies in this endeavor. I echo the chairwoman's concerns that security assistance for Egypt, Jordan, and the Kurds in Iraq must be delivered with all due haste.    When our allies and partners are beating back a shared foe, they should be able to count on our country to come to their aid. I fear that countries like Russia are all too eager to fill any perceived vacuum in U.S. leadership, and I hope you can address that concern today.    Speaking of support for our friends in the Middle East, I look forward to hearing from you about the peace process and its impact on Israel. You have personally poured metaphorical blood, sweat, and tears into this critically important effort, working hard to create a conceptual framework for talks between Israel and the Palestinians.    Unfortunately, the Palestinians have largely walked away from those talks, preferring instead to pursue unilateral actions at the United Nations and to join the International Criminal Court. We look forward to hearing what the next steps might be to get peace talks back on track.    As Israel's closest ally, the United States must remain strong as nuclear talks with Iran near their conclusion. Stability in the region, which is tenuous on a good day, depends on a resolution wherein Iran is not taking any steps toward a nuclear weapons capability.    The press reports that some troubling concessions may be made to Iran despite the fact that Iran defiantly refuses to answer IAEA's longstanding questions about suspected work on nuclear weapons designs are troubling.    I look forward to your thoughts about the process of these negotiations, your level of confidence that Iran will comply with the terms of any agreement that might be ultimately reached, and what actions the U.S. will take to enforce the terms of any deal. Certainly, we hope diplomacy yields results, but any deal must have teeth to be effective. Economic pressure and a credible military option should be fundamental tenets of negotiating an agreement.    And, finally, Mr. Secretary, I regret that we do not agree on the administration's climate change policies around the world. The President's politically driven anti-coal environmental policies have wreaked havoc domestically, sending tens of thousands of hardworking Americans to the unemployment lines and casting into question our country's long-term energy security.    Coal exports are the one bright spot for the thousands of mining families who are facing disastrous economic conditions in my district and elsewhere, and yet administration officials will not promote coal as part of its Power Africa initiative.    However, this anti-coal posture by the U.S. will not preclude emerging African governments from making use of this reliable, ubiquitous, and affordable natural resource. These emerging countries, ripe for investment, will instead turn to the Chinese for financing and technology to build the same coal-fired power plants. With China's terrible environmental record, the projects they will fund will be dirtier than if American companies were involved.    At the end of the day, these policies are anti-American-jobs and they will not have the intended environmental benefits.    I also heard that the administration is encouraging members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development to impose stringent conditions on the public financing of overseas coal-fired power plants. As coal capture and sequestration technology is not yet commercially available, these conditions would result in a de facto ban on OECD public financing of coal plants in much of the world.    For example, this plan could preclude funding for highly efficient coal plant investments in Pakistan. Given U.S. national security interests and Pakistan's role in the fight against terrorism, the U.S. should be encouraging affordable and reliable electricity that can bolster economic growth and job creation in that country, in turn reducing instability.    In addition, the administration's policies have recently denied Overseas Private Investment Corporation, OPIC, support to an important energy sector project in Ukraine. I hope you can explain how these policies are in the long-term interests of our country and our allies and partners.    Mr. Secretary, thank you for taking time to be with us today. This committee takes seriously our role in overseeing the budget and policies of the Department. We appreciate your continued engagement with us.    Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Rogers. Well, I mean, how can we trust Iran, given the lack of compliance with past agreements with IAEA? Your own deputy secretary, Tony Blinken, has testified before the Senate that during the Joint Plan of Action, there were situations that, quote, ``We believe there were violations of the JPOA,'' end quote. How can we trust them given that?    Mr. Rogers. A lot depends on what happens, obviously. So we wish you the best.    I yield.    Mr. Rogers. Chairwoman Granger and Ranking Member Lowey, thank you for holding this important hearing.    Mr. Secretary, good to see you. Thank you for coming in support of your 2016 budget request for international affairs.    Unquestionably, the international programs that fall under your purview at Treasury have an important role to play in fostering U.S. leadership around the globe. Given the tumultuous times in which we find ourselves, this leadership is perhaps more important than ever before.    When Secretary Kerry testified before this committee 3 weeks ago, we heard from him about the global coalition joined in the fight against ISIL, the threats posed to our allies in the Middle East by a nuclear Iran, Russia's bold moves to assert herself in the region, and how the U.S. can help address the spread of disease and epidemics around the world. These are just a few examples.    I say this to make the point that our contributions to international financial institutions must be targeted to ensure that we are promoting what Secretary Kerry called ``the best enhancement of our values and our interests.''    With due respect, Mr. Secretary, I am not sure we see eye to eye on some of these investments, to put it mildly. I would like to focus my comments today on your budget proposals, particularly the International Monetary Fund and the Green Climate Fund and the proliferation of policies affecting the U.S. coal industry and power generation for the developing world.    Taking CBO's scoring of the IMF proposal into consideration, Treasury's international programs request totals $3.1 billion. That is a whopping 28 percent increase over current levels. You know and I know that the committee will not be able to find that level of funding and stay within our discretionary allocation.    As the chairwoman noted, the administration has once again made an IMF proposal that has not had sufficient support in previous Congresses, and the new Green Climate Fund proposal is particularly questionable.    Next, Mr. Secretary, I have serious concerns about the administration's position on coal-fired power generation in developing countries. The President's politically driven anti-coal environmental policies have wreaked havoc domestically, sending tens of thousands of hardworking Americans to the unemployment lines and casting into question our country's long-term energy security.    Coal exports are the one bright spot for the thousands of mining families who are facing disastrous economic conditions in my district and elsewhere. And, yet, administration officials are not only interested in precluding U.S. investment in foreign coal-fired generation, but the U.S. is actively encouraging our international partners, such as members of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, to impose near-impossible conditions on the public financing of coal plants in the developing world. The results of these policies are troubling.    First, I believe what we will see is significant Chinese investment in Sub-Saharan Africa. With China's terrible environmental record, the projects they will fund will be dirtier than if American companies were involved. At the end of the day, these policies are anti-American jobs and they will not have the intended environmental benefits either.    Second, the international community will not make investments in efficient coal plants in places like Pakistan or Ukraine. Given our national security interests in those countries, the U.S. should be encouraging affordable and reliable electricity that can bolster economic growth and job creation there, in turn, reducing instability. I hope you can explain how these policies are in the long-term interest of our country and our allies and partners.    Mr. Secretary, we thank you for being here today. This committee takes seriously our role in overseeing the budget and the policies of the Treasury Department. And we appreciate your continued engagement with us.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Secretary, as I said in my opening statement, the administration has not been shy about its utter disdain for an energy source that has kept the lights on in U.S. homes since the 1740s.    The EPA's regulations, which are constitutionally dubious, have brought coal mining to a screeching halt and coal-fired power plants to their knees.    Aside from the devastating effect to the mining families who rely on this industry for their livelihoods, we are going to see electric prices skyrocket for families and businesses in this country, and now the administration wants the same fate for families and businesses in the developing world.    In 2013, your Department issued new guidance to vote against World Bank financing for coal-fired power plants unless the project employs carbon capture or sequestration technology. And later the Export-Import Bank announced similar new rules to deny financing for coal-fired power plants. In essence, you have said we can't mine coal, we can't burn coal, and now we are going to eliminate the international markets to export coal.    As you know, carbon capture and sequestration technology, while promising, is not yet a reality, with commercial deployment not even expected in the U.S. for several years, to say nothing of poor countries in the developing world, at the same time as the administration is setting stringent regulations for greenhouse gas emissions domestically and abroad. The Energy Department is consistently slashing the fossil energy research and development budget to make this technology a reality.    How do you reconcile that dichotomy, imposing that CCS structure on developing countries, but refusing to support the research necessary to get that technology off the ground?    Mr. Rogers. World energy demand continues to rise with 90 percent of increased energy demand driven by the needs of developing countries. China and India alone will account for over 50 percent of the total increase between now and 2030, and these countries together account for 9 percent and 5 percent of U.S. coal exports, respectively.    How do you expect to meet that demand if coal is not a part of the equation as a low-cost option?    Mr. Rogers. I think this could be a self-defeating policy as developing countries will simply turn to other countries with lower environmental standards to finance the plants that they are going to have to build.    Do you think China or India will step up to the plate to finance these projects in Southeast Asia and Africa? Is that the administration's stated preference?    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Secretary, I don't think you and I are going to agree on much on this topic.    Mr. Rogers. But I thank you for your testimony.    Thank you.