    Mr.  Birnbaum. Thank you. Chairman Luetkemeyer, Ranking Member Cleaver, and members of the subcommittee, my name is Birny Birnbaum. Thank you for the invitation to speak to you today.    The availability and affordability of flood insurance is a critical issue for individual and community well-being, economic development, and a resilient and sustainable future. I have worked on these issues for over 20 years as an insurance regulator, consulting economist, and consumer advocate. Your invitation to testify asked whether the NFIP, as it is presently constituted, represents an ideal model for the effective protection of residential and commercial property owners from damages relating to flooding. The answer to that question is a resounding ``no'' for a number of reasons. The primary problem of the NFIP is the multiple and conflicting goals that Congress has tasked the Program with, and the constraints and requirements Congress has placed on the Program. The starting point for Congress and the Federal Government should be a laser-like focus that Federal expenditures related to flood promote more resilient and sustainable homes, businesses, communities, and infrastructure against the peril of flood.    With this as the clear goal, any proposal regarding the NFIP can be evaluated by asking, ``Does this change promote resiliency and sustainability or not?'' The reason why resiliency and sustainability must be the overarching goal for restructuring the NFIP is that there is no insurance mechanism--public, private, or combo--that will be able to finance increasingly frequent and severe flooding. And a focus on resiliency and sustainability means Federal expenditures as investments today to replace disaster relief expenditures tomorrow.    The way forward: There is a great opportunity for greater reliance on private insurers and markets to provide flood insurance, but H.R. 2901 is not the approach to accomplish this. And certainly, it's not the approach to make the NFIP more financially sound or achieve greater resiliency and sustainability. The best approach for Congress to achieve these goals is to require that flood be covered in standard residential and commercial property insurance policies, and subject to the same State-based regulatory framework that exists for homeowners and commercial property insurance today.    There are four key actions needed by 2017:    One, get the NFIP out of the business of being a flood insurance company by requiring that residential and commercial insurance policies sold by private insurers cover the peril of flood. That requirement turns flood back to the States where all other property insurance products and markets are regulated, and back to private insurers, re-insurers, and catastrophe models who have the capability and capital to provide flood coverage more comprehensively and efficiently than the Federal Government.    Two, transition the NFIP from a direct provider of insurance to a mega-catastrophe re-insurer utilizing the successful model of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program.    Three, address the affordability problem of flood insurance with Federal, State, and local assistance outside of the insurance system, no-subsidies insurance pricing with an overwhelming emphasis on assistance for lost mitigation as the tool to create more affordable premiums.    And four, reauthorize the NFIP during a period of transition.    As we have seen over the last decade, the congressional changes to the NFIP have lurched from efforts that longer-term reform to responses to current crises, with the responses to current crises often contributing to bigger problems down the road. H.R. 2901 is a response to a current issue. Federal agencies have been slow in promulgating rules regarding private flood insurance and surplus lines insurers see an opportunity to pick off NFIP policies that are mispriced due to NFIP rating practices.    H.R. 2901 will not address the longer-term problems of the NFIP, will not meaningfully promote private market participation in the sale of flood insurance, and will create bigger problems in the future when a flood event occurs. H.R. 2901 attempts to encourage private flood by defining private flood to include surplus lines insurance for residential properties, and by eliminating Federal oversight, removing current consumer protection requirements for private flood, removing the authority of Federal agencies to implement those requirements, and removing the authority of Government-Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) to establish standards for the claims-paying ability of insurers, which they already do now for hazard insurance.    Surplus lines or nonadmitted carriers can be distinguished from admitted insurers in the following ways: Admitted insurers are licensed by a State insurance department to sell certain types of insurance. These insurers are subject to regulatory requirements for the filing and approval of policy forms and rates, are subject to the State's consumer protection laws regarding unfair trade practices and unfair competition, and importantly, participate in the State guaranty fund, which pays claims in the event the admitted insurers become insolvent.    In contrast, surplus lines insurers are not licensed by State insurance departments. Rather, the State department regulates surplus lines agents who are authorized to place coverage with a surplus line insurer on a list of acceptable insurers. Surplus lines policy forms and rates are not subject to regulatory oversight, and surplus lines insurers do not participate in State guaranty funds.    I understand the theory behind H.R. 2901 is that admitted insurers are not willing to write private flood, but surplus lines insurers would be if certain requirements, such as comparability with the NFIP policy or claims settlement requirements, were relaxed.    The story continues that once surplus lines insurers are offering private flood, admitted insurers will be more comfortable. I have seen no empirical evidence to remotely suggest admitted carriers will do as suggested. I have seen surplus lines insurers write business that admitted insurers would have written, and I have seen personalized business migrate from the admitted market to surplus lines when permitted to do so to take advantage of fewer consumer protection requirements.    The actual results of these changes will be for surplus lines insurers to cherry-pick NFIP policies that are currently overpriced due to the NFIP's broad rating scheme and loadings for contingency and reserves. While the surplus lines insurers take the profitable low-risk policies, the NFIP will become even more financially vulnerable as its premium revenue will decline far faster than its risk exposure. H.R. 2901 will not only create financial problems for the NFIP in the future, it will set the table for more problems--    Mr.  Birnbaum. Yes.    --when a flood occurs. Since the States don't regulate policy forms, these policies can contain exclusions that a regulator would never approve, and a policy filed by admitted insurers.    In summary, flood insurance markets, in particular, are not competitive. So unleashing unregulated insurers on vulnerable consumers without Federal oversight and without meaningful State oversight is a recipe for disaster.    Thank you.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Yes.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Yes. I think we need to eliminate the NFIP as a direct provider of insurance and transition it to a mega-reinsurer along the model of the Terrorism Risk Insurance program, because the private market is in a much better position to deliver the coverage of flood in the standard homeowners and commercial property insurance policies than the NFIP with a separate flood insurance program.    Mr.  Birnbaum. I would--no. Certainly for some. But for the vast majority of consumers, the rates would be less because the private market could deliver the coverage of flood far more efficiently. Number one, there are fewer administrative costs because you eliminate a second insurance policy. Number two, you eliminate a lot of claim settlement costs because you no longer have an insurance company and the NFIP both trying to settle a claim and deciding who is responsible for it. We saw problems with that after Hurricane Katrina, which is whether the insurers who are responsible for settling the claims were trying to say: Well, is it a claim that is wind that we cover, or is it a flood coverage that the NFIP will pay for? So there are a lot of reasons why the private market could introduce efficiencies that the NFIP couldn't.    So for the vast majority of consumers, the actual coverage for flood would be less expensive than from the NFIP. And, of course, there still remains the issue that for some consumers, it is unaffordable. And that still has to be addressed the same way it does for the NFIP.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Well, first note, it is not adequate. If you look at the way State insurance regulation deals with admitted carriers, there is extensive oversight of the financial condition of admitted carriers, which is far more extensive than over surplus lines carriers, number one. But, number two, this whole idea that somehow Biggert-Waters gives the GSEs responsibility for financial regulation of insurance companies is a real mischaracterization. Saying that they can determine the claims-paying ability means that they can require that the insurer have a certain credit rating of say an A.M. Best rating of B or more, which is precisely what they do now for hazard insurance.    So Biggert-Waters doesn't give regulatory authority to the GSEs. It simply says you don't have to take any insurance policy that comes your way. You can require an insurance policy with an insurer who has demonstrated a claims-paying ability, either by a credit rating agency, a rating of B or more or something along those lines. So that is why it is important to keep that in Biggert-Waters.    Ms.  Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. These hearings are very important, because we are dealing with a rather complicated issue of how to have a National Flood Insurance Program that serves our public well.    Let me apologize to everybody for Biggert-Waters. I am the ``Waters'' of Biggert-Waters. And I have been apologizing for many months, and helping everybody to understand the unintended consequences of Biggert-Waters. And we tried to straighten that out with the bill that we passed that helped to reduce the cost of the premiums to our consumers, et cetera, et cetera.    But I want you to know that I am very interested in whether or not we can have a private/public operation that will do the best job for our constituents. And I have been working with Mr. Murphy and Mr. Ross. And I really do commend them for the attempts that they have made to try and have this a bipartisan issue, this bill that we are discussing today, H.R. 2901.    But I recognize there are some concerns. And I think that, Mr. Birnbaum, you have identified some of the same concerns that I have. But I want to know from you, do you think it is possible to have more private participation and involvement in the ways that Mr. Ross and Mr. Murphy would have it? And do you think we can work this out?    Mr.  Birnbaum. I think yes, absolutely, we can get more private market involvement in flood insurance. But with respect, I don't think H.R. 2901 is the way to go with that. One of the problems with the NFIP is the various and conflicting requirements. Make insurance affordable, but not only have premiums that are sufficient to pay claims, but pay back all of the claims in the past that were far in excess of the revenues. When you have those conflicting things, how do you address that? So what would happen with H.R. 2901 is that the surplus lines insurers would cherry-pick certain policies. Right now, the NFIP looks at a special flood hazard area and has 30 different levels of risk, with 1 being the highest elevation and the lowest risks, and 30 being the lowest elevation and the highest risk. They then average the claim cost for that, for everyone in that. Surplus lines insurers are going to come in and pick off everyone from 1 to 14, leaving the NFIP with everyone in 15 to 30, with the result that the NFIP is stuck with the worst and most risky claims, but no more revenue, per se, to deal with that. So you are going to create more financial problems for the NFIP down the road.    The proposal that we put forth fully gives the private market not only the responsibility, but the tools to price the product and utilize all of their means, whether that is catastrophe modeling, catastrophe reinsurance, all of the pricing tools that they can to get flood insurance right.    Ms.  Waters. Would you just briefly describe your proposal?    Mr.  Birnbaum. The proposal is that Congress, or the States, require that flood be part of the homeowners and commercial property insurance policy. Remember, these are private insurers that are already providing property insurance. So you are just asking them to add the peril of flood. What that would mean is you would have the far more efficient delivery of the coverage of flood, because you wouldn't have to have a second policy. You would have all of the skills and tools of the private insurers who, in pricing, access the catastrophe modelers to get the pricing right. And you would have all of the catastrophe reinsurance and catastrophe bonds and all the alternative capital available to support that.    You would then transition the NFIP to a mega-reinsurer the same way the Terrorism Risk Insurance program works. That has been a successful model. This would accomplish so many things. Not only would it deliver the cost of flood more efficiently, but it would expand flood coverage. It would give consumers the coverage that they expect at the time of an event instead of surprising them with, ``There is a flood, and, oh, I am not covered.'' Or more importantly, how many times have we seen flood in areas that aren't special flood hazard areas?    This would mean that everybody is covered, even if they happen to be outside a special flood hazard area. This will transform Federal expenditures from massive disaster relief to investments in loss mitigation and reduce disaster relief expenditures down the road. This is really the only long-term solution.    Ms.  Waters. If I may, what you are indicating is mandatory insurance for everybody to participate? I agree with you. First of all, the debt that Biggert-Waters attempted to address was just impossible. We could never pay that down or take care of that. So what would you say about constituents who would say, ``I don't live in a flood zone. I shouldn't be responsible for those people who decide they want to live in places where they know they are at risk.'' What would you say to a politician about that?    Mr.  Birnbaum. The beauty of having the flood as part of the private market, private flood or the homeowners or the commercial property, is that insurers would price the coverage of flood according to the peril. So for consumers who lived in areas that didn't have a high exposure to flood, they would pay little or next to nothing for it. For consumers who lived in a high-flood-risk area, they would pay a lot more. But the private market would reflect these risks a lot more responsively than the NFIP because the NFIP is required to go through this lengthy process with the flood maps. So imagine if that same process were required for wind coverage the way homeowner's insurance is sold today. That would be a disaster for providing wind coverage.    So by turning this over to the market, everyone pays their fair share instead of the system today, which is a bunch of hidden subsidies. Taxpayers are basically--there are some taxpayers who live in areas without much flood who end up paying for flood because the Federal Government has lent $24 billion to an NFIP that still isn't financially sound.    So there are subsidies not only from one set of NFIP policyholders to others, but there are subsidies from taxpayers to other taxpayers.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Okay. So by moving this to the private market, you would introduce a lot more equity in the price of flood insurance. And you would make it a lot more transparent.    Mr.  Birnbaum. I'm sorry. Could you repeat the question? I didn't--    Mr.  Birnbaum. Okay. Basically, Congress created the NFIP in 1968. And that is when private industry came forward and said, ``We are not willing to cover flood because the risk is concentrated in certain areas, and we can't diversify it, and we have a hard time identifying the risk because of the flood maps.''    Mr.  Birnbaum. Yes.    Mr.  Birnbaum. No.    Mr.  Birnbaum. I think what would happen is that private insurers would start offering the coverage of peril of flood in their homeowners policies. And if they didn't, then State residual markets would be providing that. So, for example, in Florida, just as, right now, if a company isn't willing to write wind coverage, the consumer would go to Florida Citizens. So if a company wasn't willing to write flood in the policy, then the consumer would go to Florida Citizens. But the ability for companies to write flood today is completely different than it was 40, 45 years ago. Companies have access to catastrophe models. They have access to very distinct and clear and detailed itemization of risk. There is access to reinsurance and alternative capital that didn't exist 45 years ago. So the opportunities are there. There just needs to be a nudge from the government to do so. And that nudge would be a requirement that they include it.    Mr.  Birnbaum. No. The short answer to your question is that the same thing is going to happen, would happen, as is going to happen right now, which is taxpayers are on the hook for the $23 billion. Right now, there is this belief that somehow the NFIP is going to generate funds into the future sufficient to pay back that $23 billion. Given that you are continuing to allow or require the NFIP to subsidize rates--and, with H.R. 2901, you are going to put the NFIP in a position of being even more financially vulnerable--you are not only never going to pay back the $23 billion through the NFIP, you are going to create an even larger requirement for the NFIP to borrow from Treasury. So the answer to the question is that $23 billion is there; cut your losses and move to a system of sustainability.    Mr.  Birnbaum. It doesn't make it go away. But Congress is going to have to pay that $23 billion because there is no way that the NFIP is going to be able to repay back over time, even under the current requirements, let alone under the requirements of H.R. 2901.    Mr.  Birnbaum. By moving to flood as part of the standard homeowners and commercial property insurance, what happens then is that the Federal Government stops being on the hook for flood insurance losses. It means that the private market is responsible for accepting the exposures, pricing them appropriately, and paying the claims. The bleeding stops. And that is what is necessary at this point in time. So you accomplish several things by putting it with the private market along the proposal we have made. You not only stop the hemorrhaging of Federal money, number one. But, number two, you get better pricing, you get more comprehensive coverage, and you get better opportunities for loss mitigation. You get private insurers now incentivized to get involved in loss mitigation for flood in a way that they currently have no interest in doing right now.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Sure. So the key incentive for loss mitigation is proper pricing of the insurance product.    Mr.  Birnbaum. The answer to that is, yes, if it were comprehensively done by the private market. If you do just selective with the cherry-picking of H.R. 2901, then you have some consumers who get that and the majority of consumers don't.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Sure. So with admitted carriers--    Mr.  Birnbaum. The evidence is that regulators don't have authority to approve forms or rates. Commissioner Miller in the last few weeks has issued a bulletin on price optimization, telling insurers that they can't use a consumer's willingness to pay to determine the price that they charge the consumer. She has no authority to do the same thing for surplus line insurers. And it is the same thing with rate issues and other policy form issues. A surplus lines insurer could include a provision in the policy--    Mr.  Birnbaum. The evidence--I will give you evidence from the force-placed insurance market. The largest writers of private flood insurance today are force-placed flood insurers. And the largest of those are admitted carriers. So private flood insurance can be written by an admitted carrier. But there have been issues where those private flood insurers, when they were using surplus lines, were charging exorbitant rates that were far in excess of the reasonable cost of providing insurance. So that has been reined in, in part because the Federal Housing Finance Authority and some State regulators have said: You need to move that force-placed flood from surplus lines to the admitted market.    Mr.  Birnbaum. They have authority basically for financial condition. But they don't have the same authority as they do over admitted carriers for things like policy forms and rates. If there is such great consumer protection in the surplus lines, why doesn't Pennsylvania or every other State allow all personal auto and all homeowners to be written in the surplus lines market? Why do they require that to be written in the admitted market? Because there are more consumer protections in those markets.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Okay. H.R. 2901 removes from Biggert-Waters the limitation that private flood insurance can be written by surplus lines for commercial policies. It opens the door to surplus lines for residential flood insurance. By doing so, it means that private flood insurance basically moves out of the admitted market where there are far more consumer protections than in the surplus lines market. So, that is the basis for that assertion.    Mr.  Birnbaum. No. I am a strong supporter of State-based regulation. It hasn't been an unqualified success over the years. But I am a strong supporter of it. And I demonstrate that strong support by saying that flood, by being part of the standard homeowners and commercial property insurance, then becomes the responsibility of State insurance regulators. What H.R. 2901 does is it creates this, continues this Rube Goldberg apparatus of constricting the NFIP, giving them all sorts of requirements and constraints, giving the private, the State-based regulators certain responsibilities. But the overall thing makes no sense. If you want to get to a sustainable future, then you utilize the private market but give them the full responsibility overseen by State-based regulation. Don't include this NFIP that is required to provide sort of subsidized insurance, which gives the private sector then the opportunity to say: Well, we are only going to take this most profitable business; we are going to leave the more risky and the less profitable business to the Federal Government.    So you are privatizing profit and socializing the risk. That is exactly the thing that is outraging people all over the country. It is the type of crony capitalism that basically says: Look, we are going to give one group of people the government advantage, instead of trying to create a level playing field for everyone.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Right now, for surplus lines, what Commissioner Miller and others have said is they regulate the financial condition of the surplus lines insurer, and they have some ability to regulate sort of marketplace misconduct.    But they don't have the ability to ensure that policy forms are not misleading or deceptive. They don't have the ability to ensure that rates are not unfairly discriminatory. And, more important, they don't have the ability to make sure that the NFIP meets its goals. So you have Federal requirements for flood insurance, and you are essentially delegating part of the responsibility for insuring that to the State-based regulators.    And while I am a big supporter of State-based regulation, there have been some notable failures. If we look at private mortgage insurers, we saw that in the financial collapse, private mortgage insurers failed. Those were under the purview of State-based insurance regulators. So we are not talking about a pristine record here.    But I have faith in State-based insurance regulation if you give them the comprehensive tools to do it, not the piecemeal approach of H.R. 2901.    Mr.  Birnbaum. So the answer to that is H.R. 2901 would not have prevented any of the problems that you just described, because H.R. 2901 would continue to leave the NFIP with those policies in high-risk areas, it would continue to have the NFIP charging inadequate rates, it would continue to have subsidies for people who don't need them.    So you would still have the same problem you would today. And, as a matter of fact, it would be worse, because the NFIP, instead of broadly averaging its rates and getting revenue for policies in lower-risk areas, it wouldn't even have had that revenue. So the situation would be worse today if H.R. 2901 had been in place.    If our proposal of having the private sector provide the flood insurance, then the $23 billion would not be there today if our system had been in place.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Well, yes. The $23 billion is not going to go away under the existing situation. And it is certainly not going to go away under H.R. 2901. It is going to get worse under H.R. 2901.    Because the private sector is going to take the most profitable of the policies--remember, I told you earlier that the NFIP puts things into 30 risk categories, with 1 being the lowest risk, and 30 being the highest, and then averages that. The private sector is going to come in and take 1 through 14, leaving the NFIP with 15 through 30, the most risk. So the NFIP is going to have almost the same risk but much less revenue. So the situation is going to get worse for the NFIP. It is going to let the private sector cherry-pick the most profitable policies that are out there.    What is needed is to give the private sector the responsibility to handle the entire problem, which is price all of the policies. There is always going to be an issue with affordability, right? There is just no way around it. But you can't have affordability addressed through the insurance pricing system. When you underprice insurance, you create incentives for people to invest badly. You invest in areas where it is not sustainable. It is critical to have risk-based pricing.    It is also critical to have financial assistance delivered in the form of loss mitigation. Instead of giving people a grant to pay for the insurance, give them money to mitigate their homes so that they are less exposed to flood. Reduce the cost of flood insurance by reducing the exposure. That is where the target of Federal expenditure should be. The delivery of the insurance should be in the private sector.    Mr.  Birnbaum. I don't. That is why our proposal is to require that the homeowners insurance policy cover the peril of flood. That would deliver that coverage far more efficiently than through the requirement of a second policy. It would mean that everybody gets the coverage that they expect and pay their fair share for that coverage than under the current system.    And private flood is already being provided by the admitted market to a greater extent than the surplus lines market. As I mentioned earlier, force-placed flood--there is more force-placed flood written by admitted carriers than the surplus lines numbers that Mr. Kelley described.    So it is not as if it is unfeasible for admitted carriers to write flood. It is feasible. The question is, what is the best way to nudge the private market into this? And, in my view, the best way is to require the coverage of flood in those homeowners and commercial property policies, because that accomplishes a variety of things, including problems with the NFIP as well as fairness issues and promoting loss mitigation.    The problem with H.R. 2901 is it addresses a very narrow issue but can create problems in other areas of the flood program.    Mr.  Birnbaum. The answer to the question is, you can't eliminate the noncompete clause without doing anything else. Because if you eliminate the noncompete clause, then you have a situation where the company is selling policies for FEMA and also selling its own flood policies.    So what the company will do is it will make its evaluation of what the riskiest policies are and give those to FEMA, and keep the most profitable ones or the least risky ones. So what you have is essentially adverse selection. So there is a reason why there is a noncompete clause.    That is an example of, well, we will try to address one narrow issue without looking at the broader problem. You really need a comprehensive approach. And the comprehensive approach is the private market provides flood as part of the residential and commercial property insurance, subject to the standard State-based regulation; the NFIP transforms to a catastrophic reinsurer role.    And that enables all of the players to participate--private markets, the State-based regulators, alternative capital. And it puts the Federal Government in a role of focusing on loss mitigation, which is the long-term solution to addressing flood problems.    Mr.  Birnbaum. I just need to jump in quickly and say it is absolutely crystal clear that this bill would allow surplus lines and encourage surplus lines insurers to cherry-pick. It is as obvious as the nose on your face. The only policies that the surplus lines writers would do are the ones that they view as profitable.    The NFIP has a variety of policies, ranging from less profitable to more profitable, and what will happen is they will be left with the less profitable policies, the highest-risk policies, and less revenue to do it.    There is no question this bill will lead to greater financial problems for the NFIP. And I am really surprised that the other panelists are not acknowledging that.    Mr.  Birnbaum. The answer to that is they can't pay the full risk rate if there is no loss mitigation. If they are in a high-risk area and they are paying the full risk rate, then, no, they are not going to be able to afford it. But they wouldn't be able to afford a surplus lines policy either.    But the question is then, where do you want to spend your Federal dollars? Do you spend your Federal dollars to subsidize that policy, or do you spend your Federal dollars on loss mitigation that reduces the exposure for that homeowner and thereby reduces the premium?    If you just simply subsidize the rate, then you set the table for future claims, repetitive claims. If you spend the Federal dollars instead as an investment in loss mitigation, then you reduce that exposure, reduce the claims down the road, you reduce the disaster relief.    So the model has to be: Let's spend Federal dollars on loss mitigation as a way to make the insurance more affordable instead of subsidizing the rates. That is not a long-term solution. Subsidy is not a long-term solution. Loss mitigation investments are.    Mr.  Birnbaum. They go together, Congressman. You can't tell the NFIP to offer subsidized rates and then say, invest in loss mitigation.    Mr.  Birnbaum. You have the power to create that real world.    Mr.  Birnbaum. Yes, I don't think so.    Mr.  Birnbaum. I don't think that--    Mr.  Birnbaum. Here are the facts. There are 5.2 million NIFP policies, and there is well over a million that are subsidized. And the exact number isn't known because there are a bunch of policies that not only are Pre-FIRM subsidized but also grandfathered--    Mr.  Birnbaum. --subsidized.    Mr.  Birnbaum. So you are talking about 20 to who-knows-what percent of the policies are subsidized. So to suggest that if we take out the 1 percent somehow that all of a sudden it has become affordable for the 20 or the 30 percent where it is currently subsidized, that is just not going to happen.    So you cannot create affordability strictly through the insurance pricing mechanism.    Mr.  Birnbaum. There is always going to be a situation where some consumers can't afford a risk-based price. And you need some assistance from outside the system. We don't--for example--    Mr.  Birnbaum. Oh, absolutely, Congressman. If--    Mr.  Birnbaum. Yes. If the private sector were responsible for flood insurance as part of the homeowners policy, they would have an incentive for loss mitigation that they simply don't have right now.    Mr.  Birnbaum. So you would see things like partnerships for loss mitigation. You might see multiyear homeowners policies where the loss mitigation is financed with a loan that is paid for from the discounts.    Mr.  Birnbaum. There are opportunities for innovation that simply aren't going to occur by saying, let's hope the private sector gets involved if the surplus lines puts its toes in the water.