    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here today.    Mr. Courtney. You know, just at the outset, I would just sort of change maybe a little bit of the tone of the last exchange. And again, I have nothing but the highest regard for the Chairman, but you know, this Secretary, since he took over, in my opinion, has shown, you know, a real willingness to work with the committee members on a whole host of issues.    Mr. Kline and I raised the question of whether or not the Department of Labor's actions in the Office of Contract Compliance with hospitals was an overreach by the Department.    And to your credit, you ran the forensics and came back and actually terminated an enforcement action which, again, was what generated our objection.    The pension amendment to the Cromnibus, which the chairman of the subcommittee and the Chairman of the full committee worked with your Department to produce, you know, a change to the crisis that existed in defined benefits again is another example of where this Secretary has shown a willingness to work with this committee.    And frankly, that has been a change since you took over.    The last time the Department came forward with a proposal on a fiduciary rule, it was a disaster. I mean, and I am saying that as a, you know, as a Democrat. It just was a fiasco.    And you have already sort of alluded this morning to some of the changes that the Department has implemented or proposed with the new proposed rule compared to the first fiduciary proposal.    Again, you mentioned Mr. Guthrie's concern regarding ESOPs. That was deleted.    The financial education piece, which frankly I personally think needs more work, and you have already said this morning you are willing to listen to people about ways to let the call centers do their jobs without sort of too much restriction.    But the sellers' exemption is an example. Maybe you could talk a little bit about, you know, where we are today versus where we were whatever it was, three or four years ago, when the Department came out with its first set of rules.    Mr. Courtney. And you know, we are going to obviously watch closely as the Department continues its deliberations.    So when August rolls around and there is a revised, I guess, reg that comes out, there is an additional comment period after that as well. I mean, if doesn't just shut down at that point. Am I right about that?