    Ms. Gerton. Good afternoon, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano and distinguished members of the Subcommittee.    My name is Teresa Gerton and I am the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy at the Veterans' Employment and Training Service in the Department of Labor.    Thank you for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing to discuss the implementation of the revised Transition Assistance Program, Transition Goals, Plans, Success, also known as GPS. Since the inception of TAP over 20 years ago, the Department of Labor has provided training and services through the Employment Workshop to over 2.6 million separating or retiring servicemembers and their spouses. Last year alone, DoL conducted more than 6,600 Employment Workshops for over 207,000 participants at 206 military installations worldwide.    The VOW Act of 2011 required that DoL use contract facilitators to deliver its Employment Workshops, to ensure a standardized, high-quality professional cadre of facilitators. DoL awarded a contract to GBX Consultants, Incorporated, a Service Disabled-Veteran-Owned Small Business in August of 2012 for the facilitation of all DoL Employment Workshops.    In fiscal year 2013 we unveiled an entirely new Employment Workshop that provides a highly effective training experience and prepares servicemembers for a successful transition to the civilian workplace at all military installations worldwide. This three-day program uses modern adult learning techniques to actively engage transitioning servicemembers in critical transition skills.    Along with the synchronous virtual workshop, DoL worked with DoD Joint Knowledge Online to convert the Employment Workshop instructor-led classroom curriculum into an asynchronous online distance learning format. This is a self-paced online version of the Employment Workshop that servicemembers can use to reinforce and refresh what they have learned in the classroom.    On day one, participants develop their Change Management Plan And identify overall strategies for transitioning into the civilian workforce. On day two, participants learn how to analyze the job market and use social media in job searches and networking. On day three, instructors impart critical information about special veterans' hiring authorities and how the federal job application process differs from the private sector.    Throughout the Employment Workshop, participants work extensively on their master job application, targeted resums, and interviewing skills, and finish with a mock interview exercise. Instructors also discuss relevant employment services, including benefits available to dislocated workers that are available to assist transitioning servicemembers, veterans, and their families before, during, and after their separation from the military.    All veterans, including recently separated servicemembers receive priority service in DoL-funded employment and training programs. Many of these programs and services are available through the nationwide network of nearly 2,500 American Job Centers. During the DoL-Employment Workshop, servicemembers learn that they are entitled to intensive services for up to six months at an American Job Center.    DoL is pleased to report that the new Employment Workshop curriculum has been well received. Of the 11,000 participants who responded to the most recent survey, 91 percent reported that they would use what they learned in their own transition planning and 89 percent reported that the DoL Employment Workshop enhanced their confidence in transition planning. DoL will continue to review feedback and evaluate the program to ensure that the curriculum remains relevant, that meaningful learning is taking place, and that servicemembers feel prepared to transition from military service and pursue other career goals.    Joining my colleagues from the other agencies, I want to remark on the strong partnership we have across the federal government in executing this program. We meet regularly to administer and update the program and we are proud of our collaboration on numerous initiatives including the Veterans Employment Center, the DoD SkillBridge Program, and our joint participation with the Chamber of Commerces' Hiring Our Heroes job summits at installations around the country. The Department looks forward to working with the Subcommittee to ensure that our separating servicemembers have the resources and training they need to successfully transition to the civilian workforce.    Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Takano, and distinguished members of the committee, that concludes my oral statement. Thank you for the opportunity.    Ms. Gerton. DoL does track the long-term outcomes of individuals who receive services at an American Job Center. We track three particular metrics, entered employment, retained employment, and average six-month salary.    Beginning in 2013 we added a field that asked incoming veterans for services at American Job Centers whether or not they had participated in the TAP program within the last three years. As states implement that new data element in their reporting systems, we are beginning to gather information about the outcomes of TAP participants, as distinguished from other veterans who may not have gone through that. As that reporting process matures, we will have better outcome-related data to TAP participants who do get services through an American Job Center.    We are also working very closely with our colleagues in DoD to create an opt-in field for servicemembers when they go through the Capstone counseling that will allow them to provide personal contact information for eventual follow-up by DoD counselors so that we can have a better long-term picture of what is going on with them as they transition. As we mature that collection process with DoD, we will keep you informed.    Ms. Gerton. Right now our maintenance records track individuals who are receiving services at the job centers and then they become part of our long-term record. We don't, at this point, have the means of communicating with individuals who haven't opted to provide their personal contact information to our job centers, so that is what we are working on with DoD.    Once we do that, then we will have the data transmission and sharing agreement with DoD that will allow us to maintain that contact. We hope to contact that local outreach push that out through our job centers.    Ms. Gerton. I think in terms of getting that communication and data sharing underway, we have all the support that we need. In the longer term, there may be issues relating to DoL's ability to track individuals to their long-term wage records that would allow us to have a better long-term perspective on an individual's outcomes over their life cycle.    Ms. Gerton. We track their outcomes for the three quarters after they have received their last service. So did they enter employment in the quarter following their last American Job Center service? Then we look to see if they had wage records in the next two quarters. And we follow that through until there was some reason that they needed American Job Center services again, they would come back into the survey.    Ms. Gerton. These are established in a partnership with both the Veterans Affairs agency and the Department of Defense in terms of what the servicemembers must be prepared to demonstrate in terms of which career track they plan to take. For example, if they are going to go to higher education, there is a checklist of things that they need to demonstrate.    If they are looking to get a job, from our perspective, they have to demonstrate that they have completed the basics of the exercises in the TAP class. They have to present a resumes and a cover letter. They have to provide the results of their skills assessment. They have to show that they have done a local market job survey so that they have assessed whether or not the positions that they are interested in are available in the community that they would like to go back to and an understanding of the salary range that might be appropriate for them. And then they have to demonstrate that they have looked for or have made progress towards getting some job interviews.    If they haven't, then they go back through for remediation processes, either back through TAP, back through additional counseling, or in our case, they may be referred to the local American Job Center for additional intervention.    Ms. Gerton. We take all the input from our stakeholders very seriously. We are sort of limited in the amount of time we have to communicate the material in the TAP class. We have basically three days, eight hours a day to get them all the way through all the basic fundamentals of how to do a job search. We do an annual curriculum review; in fact, just this week, we are rolling out our new curriculum that replaced some outdated information, adds in information about disability, entitlements, education about the Veterans Employment Center, and some of the other new tools that are available. We do that on an annual cycle and we are getting ready to kick off another annual curriculum review here in the next couple of months, so we will certainly take that under advisement.    Ms. Gerton. So, actually during the eight hours a day for the three days, we do not have private sector involvement. The mock interviews are managed within the classroom itself and individuals are provided feedback on their performance through the instructor staff, the facilitators; however, at the discretion of the individual TAP managers on the bases, they may be able to bring in private sector folks around the curriculum to have additional conversations with the servicemembers, especially those that are in the practice of hiring veterans, I think that would be----