    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ms. Brownley, for having this hearing.    Thanks to the witnesses. Appreciate your very direct testimony.    And like Dr. Benishek and Dr. Ruiz, I come from a private setting, so looking at it from the outside in, so to speak, this should be such a simple solution, but evidently it is being muddled up and the water is being muddled by bureaucracy.    I made some notes and I will go down them very quickly. Again, it should seem simple. I know that the VA and we as Congress have to watch the purse, but I am afraid we and the VA, especially on cost, is looking through the soda straw and not the overall picture simply because we in the medical field know that if that patient comes back and back and back for a problem that is not being addressed or not being fixed, costs just incrementally increase.    And if the VA is unable to give us a cost per patient, then I wouldn't bet the house that they could give us how many times that veteran is having to come back because that issue was not resolved. And that just adds exponentially to the cost.    So I am going to paraphrase, and please correct me if I misstate what I perceive that you told us in testimony, that the way to streamline and fix this issue is again simple. Once in, you are in. That should be fairly simple.    I like the nurse assistant line. I know that does work in the private sector. I know it worked in my clinic, saving patients going to the emergency room. We had a nurse on call and countless of thousands of dollars I am sure were saved from either waiting until tomorrow, treating that patient over the phone, going to a not emergent facility as opposed to an ER.    Mr. Blake, you said that no co-pay is a good thing and I would tend to agree with that. I will tell you that.    Mr. Williams, you said there is still a lot of confusion in Choice. I think that goes back to both the fault of the VA and the Congress. We should have done a better job of putting it out there with bullet points and making it, you know, a one-pager. It should not be that hard to explain this program. It should not be.    Also, Mr. Williams, you said in your VISN that the VA added significant more employees and you saw wait times come down. Do we know or can we extrapolate that that actually improved care, or did it just eliminate wait times? I know it is a theoretical question, but just give me a gut feeling. What do you think?    Mr. Abraham. And, again, I know, but do you think by cutting the wait, and, again, I am just asking an opinion, in a non-emergent setting, does cutting the wait time improve the quality of care that that veteran gets? I am assuming it does, but I am asking you. You have talked to your veterans. Do they perceive that as being an improvement of quality of care?    Mr. Abraham. Okay. And I think one of you guys made a statement or maybe somebody on this panel about another issue is paying our providers, non-VA providers appropriately enough money to come into the system. And I can tell you it is still a very big problem.    In my VISN 16, we have arrears of the VA system to our ambulance services, to our providers in the millions of dollars. So you are spot on there. It is a big problem. And that, again, I will put that on the VA explicitly for not paying their claims.    So anything else? The no co-pays, the once in, all in, the increased--I am just looking for simple solutions to what should be a simple problem here.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you.    I am out of time, Mr. Chairman. Thank you so much.