    Mr. Bishop. Thank you. And we are just in panel one? OK. I appreciate you being here. I am sorry I was late, I was on the Floor before coming in here.    As I understand it, the bill's premise is that the states can do a better job than the Federal Government in managing our fishery resources, which is, admittedly, a low bar. But having said that, I am also looking in here with the idea that we are not in the business of putting people out of business. I want to make sure that we have safeguards in there for commercial, charter fisheries. And I believe all three of you would say that is the same goal.    But also, the status quo of having 10 days for recreational fisheries in Federal waters for red snapper is simply unacceptable. The status quo must change in some way. But let me, therefore, ask a couple of questions.    First, to our friends from Louisiana and Florida, in your written testimonies--which I had a chance to read--as well as the five-state plan, you indicate that the states are better equipped to manage the fishery. If that is the case, I guess the question is why should American taxpayers continue to pay for management of the snapper, when it would no longer be Federal Government managing the fishery? Could you respond to that one?    Mr. Bishop. I apologize for being late, then.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you. Mr. Wiley, I am assuming you would say something very similar to that?    Mr. Bishop. OK.    Mr. Bishop. It is refreshing to hear that, thank you. And I apologize if I am plowing ground that has already been seeded and planted.    Let me do another one, once again, to Mr. Barham and Mr. Wiley. Are you two open to additional assurances that may be added to this bill that would address concerns of the commercial fishing industry about preserving their access?    Mr. Bishop. All right. Then let me throw another one out. And I am not advocating this, the question just needs to be asked about bifurcating the management of the states, whereas the states would manage the recreational side, the Federal would manage the commercial side. Is that something to which you would also be willing to discuss, or open?    Mr. Bishop. OK.    Mr. Bishop. All right. Like I say, I am just brainstorming here. I am not advocating that position, but it is an option that should be on the table.    I look forward to working with you all as we continue, as this bill goes wherever this bill goes. I continue to work with you to make sure that we can come up with some good solutions.    I am very proud, because this is unusual for me. I have, like, 2 minutes left. I am going to yield it back to you, Mr. Chairman.