    Ms. Bass. I want to thank the Chair and the Ranking Member for this hearing, and I am really glad that the Committee is going to look into this issue.    And I just have to tell you, years ago I remember when some of these laws were being passed around--asset forfeiture--that many folks in communities were hoping that some of the resources would actually go for drug treatment or other resources in the community. And clearly, that hasn't happened.    I did want to ask you about one particular area. I would like for you to talk about what happens to forfeitures related to the prosecution of child sex traffickers? So a recent report on the issue says that Federal prosecutors aren't aggressively pursuing restitution for victims of sex trafficking, even though it is required under TVPA.    And I am wondering if Mr. Blanco could answer that, and perhaps Mr. Smith can comment?    Ms. Bass. And it is my understanding that one of the reasons why there is some confusion around this is because in some jurisdictions, the girls are still charged as criminals when, in my opinion, if you are a child, you should never be charged as a prostitute if you are under the age of consent. That doesn't seem to make sense at all.    So I don't know if you have any suggestions. You know, one, if any of the panel is familiar with confusion around this, what kind of reforms you might suggest that we make because, clearly, these girls need resources. One of the reasons why they stay with pimps is because they have no place else to go, nothing else to do.    Ms. Bass. I didn't mean indict the child.    Ms. Bass. I meant that because the child was considered a criminal.    Ms. Bass. Not that, you know, so you are going to give money to somebody who is a criminal when that person should have never been considered a criminal.    Ms. Bass. Anybody else want to comment on that?    Ms. Bass. Is there a way that the revenue that is seized could be used for resources for girls, victims? Could money be targeted that way? Is it ever targeted as to----    Ms. Bass. Sure.    Ms. Bass. Child sex trafficking----    Ms. Bass. And maybe, you know, to my colleagues, as we are considering reforms in this area, maybe that is something that we could consider as well.    And looks like I am out of time. Yield back my time.