    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, and all of the panelists today for focusing on this important issue. As we speak, they are debating cybersecurity on the floor. It is one of the few areas where there is a joint cause, a joint goal, and joint cooperation because it is so serious, such a threat to the economy and to privacy and really to our technology and security of our Country.    We, unfortunately, had in 2014 several high-profile data breaches of Federal agencies, breaches really that happened because of the contractors in the case of the Postal Service data breach, where over 800,000 current and former employees had their personal information compromised; and the loss of sensitive personal information of tens of thousands of Federal employees occurred because of data breaches of USIS and KeyPoint, two very large Federal contractors.    So I would like to hear what lessons were learned from these experiences and how it plans to apply those lessons to minimize the risk of these breaches in the future, and we will start with you, Ms. Seymour, from OPM. What are the chief lessons that you learned and how are the contractors cooperating? And anyone else who would like to jump in and add to the chief lessons that we have learned from these unfortunate situations.    Mrs. Maloney. Well, did you make any changes after these two breaches to make them better with your contracts, with your requirements? Have you made any specific changes?    Mrs. Maloney. So what are the appropriate clauses? What do you have to get in there to protect the Government in your contracts?    Mrs. Maloney. Now, who got this information? When USIS and KeyPoint deal, who were the hackers? What was the breakdown?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. But could it happen now? Could it happen again? Or have the changes you made protected information?    Mrs. Maloney. So you have reduced the risk, right?    Mrs. Maloney. But how did you do it? How did you reduce the risk? You separated data. What else did you do?    Mrs. Maloney. Mr. Scott, in your written testimony you indicated that one of the lessons learned from the USIS and KeyPoint data breaches was third-party contractors and vendors were inconsistently implementing protections. Can you explain what cybersecurity protections contractors had been inconsistently implementing?    Mrs. Maloney. Okay, thank you. Any additional information will have to be sent to me because I am well over my time. Thank you so much.    I yield back.