    Ms. HUNEYCUTT. Thank you. Good morning.    Subcommittee Chairman Hanna and Chairman Hardy, Ranking Member Adams, and members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you this morning.    I am here on behalf of the National Defense Industrial Association, the Nation's oldest and largest defense industry association, comprised of nearly 1,600 corporate and 90,000 individual members.    Small businesses are a critical component of the U.S. economy, serving as a catalyst for economic development, providing employment opportunities, and as the engine of new ideas and innovations. Accordingly, the federal government has established programs to ensure participation opportunities to small businesses to fulfill the public policy objectives of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and access a source of innovative products and services for federal government customers. Explicit and implicit in the desired outcomes for small business programs is achieving effective competition by maximizing small business participation and enabling small businesses to grow through diversification of the goods and services they provide and expansion into the nongovernmental marketplace.    As outlined at the onset of the FAR, the guiding principles of the federal acquisition system are to satisfy government customers by maximizing use of commercial products and services, utilizing contractors with superior past performance, and promoting competition. At the same time, the federal acquisition system shall minimize operation costs, conduct business with fairness and integrity, and fulfill policy objectives. The EOs attempt to fulfill the latter two guiding principles, but in the process, undermine each of the others.    The rationale for the procurement-related EOs have been to ``promote economy and efficiency in procurement'' through their intended outcomes. Industry does not necessarily disagree with the logic, but rather, how that efficiency and economy is achieved. Supporting documentation for the EO on Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces states, ``The vast majority of federal contractors play by the rules.'' However, the implementation approach to each of the EOs punishes that vast majority of good actors through costly, government-unique compliance requirements, a particularly inefficient means to promote efficiency.    The most efficient and economic means to fulfill the policy objectives of the EOs is to alter government buying practices. For example, the rationale for the Fair Pay and Safe Workplace EO is, ``Contractors that consistently adhere to labor laws are more likely to have workplace practices that enhance productivity and increase the likelihood of timely, predictable, and satisfactory delivery of goods and services to the federal government.'' Thus, if the government makes contract awards based on the offeror that provides a good or service for the best value, it would have already chosen an offeror that adheres to existing labor laws and has workplace practices that enhance productivity. Unfortunately, as industry has long pointed out, the government has poor buying habits that have equated ``best value'' with ``lowest cost,'' and valued compliance to government-unique requirements over actual performance in delivering goods and services, creating a perverse incentive to ``race to the bottom'' to win contracts.    Congress has already passed sufficient legislation to ensure protections of federal contractor employees and to ensure that the government only contracts with responsible sources. The federal government should focus on enforcing the objectives of existing laws, rather than using EOs to prescribe in excessive detail how to comply.    A major frustration for small businesses is that in many cases they agree with the intended outcome of an EO, such as providing for the well-being of federal contractor employees or making sure that competitors play by the rules, but object to the process by which the EOs have been developed and implemented.    Small businesses are not only concerned with the collective impacts of the EOs on their bottom line, but also the detrimental impacts they will have on government customers and their ability to carry out missions, the most consequential of which is national security. In recent years, the Department of Defense, the federal government's biggest spender by a substantial margin, has placed a renewed emphasis on an innovation and acquisition reform, led by top officials in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Services.    Unfortunately, the EOs undermine these initiatives. The resultant accumulation of government-unique requirements and their compliance costs will continue to deter new suppliers from entering the government marketplace and drive exits by firms already selling to the government, restricting competition.    In closing, several of the recent EOs have, through flawed processes, installed burdensome, unnecessary, inefficient, and in many cases duplicative and overlapping regulatory regimes that have the cumulative effect of dramatically increasing the cost of doing business with the federal government. Over time, these will decrease efficiency and economy in federal procurement, while undermining small business growth and development, and limiting the federal government's access to innovative products and services to fulfill their needs.    Thank you again for the opportunity to appear before you this morning, and I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. HUNEYCUTT. Well, I can tell you that there is a continuum along which each different firm is going to opt out of something. It might be with increasing layers of regulation which often conflict with each other or are hard to make work with state regulations or other agency regulations and require additional investments in, for example, recordkeeping systems and lawyers at 400- to $700 an hour. I can tell you that we recently spent $10,000 to implement a human resources information system that was totally compliant and is a commercial system, and now with the sick leave recordkeeping that will be required by the new EO, we will be required to potentially opt out of it or pay for special coding to have that work for us. So some firms are going to opt out, and my firm at this time does not engage in service contract work because the very prescriptive ways that the recordkeeping has to be done and things need to be structured are simply too pricey for us to implement and continue to run our business, although we actually do meet all of those objectives. So we have sick leave. We do not have any claims against us. And even still they are a barrier to entry to the SCA.    Along that same continuum, unfortunately, what we are seeing is that there are a lot of firms that are opting out of compliance, and sinning first and asking forgiveness later. The contracting officers who are already so burdened with so many different pieces that they need to evaluate in a proposal really do not have the bandwidth or the autonomy to ensure compliance with those, especially in a lowest price, technically acceptable environment where costs are continually being driven down. So unfortunately, what we are seeing is that oftentimes the government is getting exactly the opposite of what it wants because it is rewarding the actors that are noncompliant without knowing it and driving compliant firms out of business.    Ms. HUNEYCUTT. I would agree as a small business that we are the beneficiaries of set-asides. I think that has been working increasingly well in the last couple of years. I wonder whether some of the reasons SAIC is having trouble competing is because a lot of the statutes that currently exist that were passed by Congress are not being enforced and small businesses have an easier time staying under the radar, thereby lowering their prices and becoming more price competitive. If they choose, or not knowingly, if they do not comply.    Ms. HUNEYCUTT. I have been following very closely the efforts to get Silicon Valley and more R&D-oriented commercial firms to participate in the bidding process for government work. I think it is something that is critical for maintaining our technological edge, particularly at DOD. They move at the speed of business.    As an anecdote, I can tell you that we tried to team with a firm that provides a platform by which to--and we were looking at the State Department--by which to communicate through social media through a centralized hub that would send the same messaging out through Twitter and Facebook and all of these. They were flummoxed at the way that the process worked. They were flummoxed at all of the different ways that they would need to change their business model in order to be compliant, and the hoops, the time that it took. This is not how they are used to doing business.    I would suggest, especially if you want to increase the participation of commercial firms in bidding for government work, you do not--either these regulations and these new requirements should be passed as comprehensive legislation. It is not unique to the government, so that everybody needs to engage in it. I would suggest that there be more enforcement of the way companies are characterizing the way they engage people, because oftentimes they will mischaracterize them as 1099 subcontractors, have them sign a contract that says they are complying with everything, and then they get everything cheaper and there is not any real compliance there.    I would suggest that you be aware that this puts commercial companies in a position where now they need to treat their government contract employees differently than their commercial contract employees, and they cannot treat them differently. That keeps them out of the government.    Ms. HUNEYCUTT. My response is to what was discussed a little bit earlier. With the exempt rules referencing a higher salary point, I can tell you the practical impact that that has had on us where, actually, we have very few people that were below that point to begin with, but those that were near that point got pay raises because the cost of giving them another couple of thousand dollars raise was nothing compared to the cost of having to change our recordkeeping systems. But what that also means is that we are very hesitant to hire at that lower salary level or that lower wage level because, again, the cost of the recordkeeping, the cost of changing our payroll system. A lot of commercial payroll companies do not--actually, if that is global they will be abiding by that. If it is a government-specific thing, a lot of commercial payroll companies, human resources information systems companies, will not accommodate that. So you are back to square one having to look for another service or having to pay to customize their recordkeeping.    Particularly, a lot of the work that is done at the lower wage levels, a lot of it can be automated. I do think that some firms will be looking to automation or noncompliance or other ways to--from my point of view, for my company only, it is really the recordkeeping and changing. If you have 15 different categories of employees, it is very hard to keep track of what the rules are. The employees say, well, he is getting this, why can I not get that? It sows some havoc.    Ms. HUNEYCUTT. Sure. It sounds to me like that situation is already addressed by DOL regulations, which do not permit an employer to have somebody work and then not pay them. There are very specific regulations regarding the timeliness of payment, so that already exists. Again, my concern remains the same, which is that if we diffuse the responsibility for enforcement to the contracting officers, then they really do not have the bandwidth to do this or the autonomy. They are going to say, well, that is really DOL's enforcement issue and I am not going to worry about it until DOL tells me something. DOL is going to say that is the contracting officer's responsibility and I am not going to enforce it until the contracting officer tells me something. My concern is that with the increasing layers or duplicative regulations there will be less accountability and more bad actors invited to leverage that.