    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thought that when we came here, the hearing was the ensuring a secure, reliable and modern electric system, and I thought by extension, we were going to be talking a lot more about the grid, and I have got more confused as I have heard all this discussion. It is much like, you know, I am an engineer by training and, by virtue of that, I suppose I can take on the lawyers in the room, because you ask 100 lawyers an opinion on something, you are going to get 100 different opinions. So I am curious, I have heard very professorial comments, very in-depth, your white papers that you have all developed about this topic, but I wonder whether or not we have been able to reach America with the story, because we have been talking about source agnostic architecture. We have even heard about balkanizing. We have heard about platforms, we have talked about polar vortexes. Mr. Kamen, you were about as close to talking to the American public as I have seen in this panel. One thing I have learned in Congress in my 4 years here, that we have trouble when we are confronted with more than one option, and I haven't heard the option. I have heard seven or eight different themes of where we should go, and I am really trying to get to a point with the grid of what is--and the folks on the other side, they all keep talking about consensus, so I will take their word. Is there a consensus of where we should go to develop grid reliability, because what we have not talked about is the public's resistance, the public doesn't want--``don't put that high-tension line over my property, not in my back yard''. We haven't talked about electromagnetic pulse, the threat to our grid reliability with that, because we know that is a serious challenge. We have talked about the fact that we have had briefings, I don't think I am breaching protocol here, but we can shut off someone else's grid in another country, and they can shut off our grid, because we have that capability. There was just some mention slightly about the EPA regulations and shutting down some of our powerhouses that when we had this polar vortex, that we are now leading to a point that we came within, what I was told, 700 megawatts of having a brown-out last winter. That is really threatening. I don't know whether people across American understand, that is really just one powerhouse, 700 megawatts.    And then the option of the age issue, I would like for you to just explain in terms that we don't use here in the beltway for Mildred Schmidt to understand, what does that have to do with what--tell me a little bit more about the age because we have waterlines and sewer lines, and buildings and roads and bridges that are far older than 25 years. Why should I be worried about electric grid--why should I be worried about the electric power lines being 25 years old? So with that, I would like to hear, is there a consensus of where we should go, where Congress should be putting its first priority in getting greater reliance or dependability, or are we just kind of talking abstract again? Is there a consensus? Mr. Kamen.    Mr. McKinley. It is lonely.    Mr. McKinley. My time has expired, but I just--so thank you for your comments. I am going to ask if you could please--I don't have time, we are limited to 5 minutes here, so if you could please each of you could--would you mind, I would like to hear from you what is the number one thing we should do. If you could write that to me, I would like----    Mr. McKinley. So that it is more direct. Instead of this abstract idea, let us get down to concrete where we can----    Mr. McKinley. So if you--again, when you----    Mr. McKinley . See it, you have that--tell me what is----