    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    This is an enormous waste of taxpayer money for us to sit here at this hearing when we realize or should realize this is not a legitimate congressional exercise. This is not a factfinding hearing. This is theater. This is a charade. This is stagecraft. This is nothing more than a political hit job on a woman's right to choose, which, by the way, is constitutionally protected.    And I've got the benefit of being one of the least senior Members here, and so I get to sit through much of the hearing. And there are only one or two of us left. And this hearing has gone on for hour after hour after hour. And yet no one has presented a shred of evidence, a scintilla of evidence that Planned Parenthood has done anything wrong.    So I've got a few moments and let me see if I can uncover some evidence of wrongdoing. The hearing is called ``Planned Parenthood Exposed''--dramatic--``Examining Abortion Procedures and Medical Ethics at the Nation's Largest Abortion Provider.''    Dr. Levatino, you're the only doctor on the panel, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Do you have any evidence that any Planned Parenthood doctor, nurse, physician has engaged in wrongdoing, violated medical ethics, or lost their license?    Mr. Jeffries. And you're the only doctor on the panel, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Does anyone else on the panel have any evidence that someone has violated their medical ethics?    Mr. Jeffries. Well, let's have a discussion. You were at Planned Parenthood for 18 years. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And you were terminated?    Mr. Jeffries. And one of my colleagues asked whether you were a disgruntled employee, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And you disagreed with that characterization I assume, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. Now, you alleged that Planned Parenthood was wrought with fraud. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. In fact, you brought a Federal court action claiming that they've engaged in fraud, true?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, under that False Claims Act, you would it be what is called a relator, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And the government has intervened as well in that action, true?    Mr. Jeffries. The government has intervened in that action?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. And this was brought where? In the Southern District of Iowa?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, you testified earlier that you had no idea if you prevailed, whether you would receive monetary benefit. Did I hear that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. You have not discussed that with your attorney?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. Now, you allege in this action that Planned Parenthood engaged in $28 million of fraud, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And as a relator, you're entitled, under Federal law, to between 15 and 25 percent, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. So you have a licensed attorney who has never discussed with you the fact that if you were to prevail in this lawsuit where you allege $28 million, that you could receive at much as $7 million? That's your testimony here today under oath?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay.    Mr. Jeffries. Now, you don't have any evidence that Planned Parenthood engaged in fraud, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Was your action dismissed at the district court level?    Mr. Jeffries. Actually that's inaccurate. I've got the decision right here and I want to place it into the record.    First of all, the district court judge dismissed your action because you had no evidence of fraud. By the way, it was a judge appointed by G.W. Bush. You then appealed it to the Eighth Circuit. And they affirmed the decision that you've got no evidence of fraud, remanded on a separate ground, good luck. But I will point out that the Eighth Circuit Court judges concluded, based on the district court's decision, you failed to plead fraud with specificity pursuant to 9(d).    Mr. Jeffries. And it's a matter of public record.    And I yield back.    Mr. Jeffries. I would just ask the Chair because you didn't respond to my request, sir, to enter as a matter of record both the----    Mr. Jeffries . District court decision and the Eighth Circuit Court decision.