    Mr. Long. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I am not a doctor but I did play one on the--play one on the radio for several years and I remember my first trip to my doctor on one of my semiannual visits after the passage of some call it Obamacare, others call it Greencare.    But we--from somebody from Texas it's hard not to get the word out. But on that visit to the doctor right after Obamacare had passed I thought I was going to have to prescribe him a blood pressure medication because he said--at the end of my visit he said, you sit right there--he said, you're going to sit there and I'm going to turn around and I've got to enter all this into the computer.    He said it used to be--remember what used to happen? He said, I'd send you out and you'd get your next visit and you'd be out of here, but you sit right there while I enter this.    He was several years from retirement age, and he retired about six months after that. Such as my district director's doctor also retired. I could go down the laundry list of people that have retired--doctors that have retired.    And I do have something in common with the author of this, Mr. Green. Both of us have daughters that are doctors, and my daughter is a pediatrician who's in her first year--wrapping up her first year of residency.    So I'm sure the young doctors out there as my daughter is coming on want to know what's going to be out there in the future.    So with that being said, Dr. Wergin, you bring several unique perspectives to the panel. Can you describe some of the specific challenges of practicing in rural areas?    I have a lot of rural areas in my congressional district and the pressures providers in similar situations face to remain in practice like my doctor.    Mr. Long. Dr. Bailet, in your testimony you discussed challenges faced by small, solo and rural practices also. Can you speak to your efforts to provide these critical access points of care with tools they can utilize to succeed, particularly through your clinically integrated network?    Mr. Long. OK. I think I'm out of time so if I had any I'd yield it back.