    Mr. Rosen. Mr. Chairman, Members of the Committee, BATSA, H.R. 2584, addresses a major problem facing American businesses today, and that is states imposing tax on businesses that aren't in the state. In effect, states are taxing activities that occur outside their borders. States have taken two avenues to achieve that goal. One is to assert the concept of economic nexus and the other is to try to get around a Federal law enacted in 1959 and that is Public Law 86-272. Economic nexus is the assertion by a state that if an out-of-state business has customers within its borders, then that state has a right to impose tax on the out-of-state business.    P.L. 86-272, the 1959 law, was supposed to be a temporary law. And the Willis Commission was impaneled by Congress to look at this issue. And the Willis Commission came out with a report that said states should have a physical presence requirement and also states should have their apportionment in a uniform manner around the country. While neither has happened, states have gone in the opposite direction. So the need for that law is even greater today than it was in 1959.    Now, BATSA addresses the economic nexus argument, as you've heard, by establishing a physical presence test. A company must have employees or property in the state for more than 14 days during the year before the state may impose its direct tax on that business. Also, 86-272 would be modernized to meet the new economy.    Now, those who support BATSA do so for the following reasons. Those people believe that tax should be paid to jurisdictions that are furnishing benefits and protections to a taxpayer, not to somebody outside. And states respond by saying, ``Well, we're maintaining a marketplace for you, out-of-state seller. We're maintaining a civilized society so you can sell to our people. Therefore, you should pay us for that.''    But I would hope, and I think everybody here would hope, that elected officials do things for people within their borders; their constituents. They're not maintaining a market for outside businesses. People in the state get those benefits.    Another reason that physical presence is correct is because income should be taxed where earned. We all know that income is earned where labor and capital is employed. If you were to work at home, suppose you telecommute or you have a consulting business in your home in Virginia, and you work very hard, you buy some equipment that you use for word processing and research, and you find a customer in Utah or you're telecommuting your employer is in Utah, you work every day in Virginia. Where do you earn your income? Where your customer is? In Utah? Of course not. You earn your income where you expend your labor and your capital.    So when states say, ``Well, markets are important. There's no sale, there's no profit.''    That sounds nice, a nice sound byte. But you really earn your income where you expend your labor and your capital.    Next, BATSA would help American businesses compete against foreign businesses. That's because, as a practical matter, states have no way of enforcing economic nexus against companies that have no presence in the United States. We've seen a couple of states pull back from even attempting to tax foreign businesses while they continue their attack on American businesses.    Next, the United States and every other country that has entered into a tax treaty in the world has this idea of a permanent establishment in there. And that is similar to what BATSA does, but BATSA is much more generous to the taxing officials than even the treaty permanent establishment concept is.    Now, those who are generally against this is executive branch of state governments. The NCSL has not voiced any opposition. As a matter of fact, the NCSL several years ago passed a resolution supporting the principles in BATSA. So the executive branch has a lot of complaints. They say, first of all, current law allows us to tax out-of-state businesses. Well, that's not exactly true.    The U.S. Supreme Court has never ruled on this case; has never looked at the commerce clause issues. It denied my cert petition in MBNA; the following year, it denied a cert petition in Cap One. A court has probably been at Congress to decide how to regulate this area. This is not Federal intrusion. This is what interstate commerce is all about. That's why we have a Constitution instead of the Articles of Confederation, to make sure we have one economy, that states do not set up barriers. And so this is Congress' role to regulate interstate commerce, to make sure that tax is done correct.    People say this tool could be used for tax sheltering, tax avoidance, tax shifting. The bill has a specific provision that prevents companies from doing that, it gives states all the rights they have to fight tax shams and close down loopholes.    Finally, a question was raised: Where is this cost going to come from if, in fact, this is cost $2 billion to the states if BATSA were enacted? Well, an independent study showed that this was less than 5 percent of total business tax collections that states get. Second, maybe the taxes should come from businesses and people in the jurisdiction that are receiving the benefits and protections of that government.    Thank you.    Mr. Rosen. Yes, that is absolutely true.    There is a study conducted by a University in Michigan that found that complying with income taxes, state income taxes, was much more burdensome than even sales taxes. And in preparation for today, I was thinking of bringing a 600-page printout of just how to source certain services among the various states. I decided that would be too dramatic so I didn't bring it. But the complexities involved in dealing on an interstate basis are just huge.    And that is in addition to the principle that, if I am not getting the benefits protections from the government, why should I have to learn all the laws and rules that the government promulgates?    Mr. Rosen. I think you are absolutely right. I think the inefficiency is generated by this murky area of nexus. When does a company have enough connection with a jurisdiction before that jurisdiction can assert its jurisdiction over that business has been a debate for many, many decades.    Mr. Rosen. Yes.    Ohio was the first state to statutorily enact economic nexus with a quantitative threshold. And so, the people--the businesses in Ohio, and the residents of Ohio--loved it when it first happened; they said, ``This is great. We are going to get the revenue from outside our state. We don't have to pay anything. This is wonderful.''    But then, we found businesses over time, when no other state were following Ohio's lead, now those in-state businesses have to pay tax to other states. So they didn't get very far. And so, the CAT, the Commercial Activity Tax, in Ohio would be covered by BATSA. The 1959 law, 86-272, refers just to net income taxes. But a number of states have done inappropriate tax planning by looking at the Federal law saying, ``Ah, if we change from a net income tax to another tax, we don't have to obey this Federal law. We have that in legislative history in several states.''    And, Ohio is one of those. Yes.