    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Cordray, last Congress I introduced legislation to require the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to issue advisory opinions similar to what a lot of other Federal agencies do. This would allow businesses to better understand the regulations they are faced with and in turn better comply with those regulations.    According to the CBO score based on the information provided by the CFPB, it was estimated that your Bureau would issue 5,000 advisory opinions every year for 10 years. And you heard that right Members, 5,000 per year for 10 years. Not only did the estimate strike me as a little bit high but it is also perplexing that the CFPB is contending that this unusually high number of opinions will never decrease over a 10-year period.    I am interested in understanding how that number was reached and whether or not you consulted other Federal agencies that enlist similar procedures, because if you did I think you would find that the number is extraordinarily high.    For example, according to the estimates provided by my staff, in 2014 the SEC issued only 17 advisory opinions. HHS issued only 10. The only agency that I could find that is even remotely close to your estimate is the IRS and even then your estimate is roughly twice the amount that they issued in 2014. Do you still believe 5,000 per year is a realistic estimate?    Mr. Posey. The CBO scoring, you know what the cost was and that is probably what killed the bill, it is the cost imputed by your agency saying they would be burdened with these 5,000 advisory opinions when I have never heard of any agency issuing that many.    Mr. Posey. They scored it based on your input.    Mr. Posey. Your agency said it was required to do 5,000 a year and they tried to cost that factor out.    Mr. Posey. No. No. Let me explain it to you clearly.    Mr. Posey. If you say the cost is--well, you do the math, over $800,000 divided by 5,000 so they came up with that figure based on information that your agency gave them.    Mr. Posey. They said we have to do this 5,000 and the cost of it will be over $1,000 each.    Mr. Posey. I think the assertion by your agency is that is what you have to do over 5,000 times a year. We do know that is incredibly excessive. Now, what many agencies do is just a matter of common sense, I forgot the term they used, but if they find there are a lot of businesses that are asking the same question, they will post on there and they will say look?    Mr. Posey. --we are not going to--so, that relieves a lot of that--    Mr. Posey. Yes. The question was if you thought that was excessive and what your trend is on that now, and the next question was going to be, did you consult any other agencies to see why--