    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Director, it's always a pleasure.    Mr. Marino. I am going to expand a little bit on one of Judge Poe's questions. Is the Bureau asking Apple to simply turn over the penetration code for the Bureau to get into or that you want the penetration code at your disposal? Do you understand what I am saying?    Mr. Marino. That's good point to clarify, because there's some--there's a lot of rumors out there.    I am going to switch to the courts a little bit here. Do you see the Federal court resolving the warrant issue that the Bureau is presently faced with, whatever way that decision eventually comes down, or should Congress legislate the issue now, if at all?    Mr. Marino. Another good point.    Given that most of our social, professional, and very personal information is on our desktop computers, on our laptops, on our pads, and now more than ever on these things, what is your position on notching up the level at which members of the Federal judiciary can approve a warrant to access critically valuable evidence to solve a horrific felony, particularly when fighting terrorism?    Mr. Marino. No, no, not the threshold, the Federal judicial individuals making this decision. Right now, I understand it's a magistrate. When I was at the State level, we could do some things at sort of the magistrate level or the district court, but then we had to go to the superior court, and working in the Federal system with you, we had to go to one or two different levels. What's your position on that?    Mr. Marino. Yeah. And no disrespect to magistrate courts. I am very good friends with a lot of those brilliant people who will eventually, I know, go to the bench. But from a perspective of the public that a more narrowly defined, limited number of people making that decision concerning the electronics that we have.    Mr. Marino. Okay. And just for the record, I have managed a couple of prosecution offices, and I have never gone to the experts, whether it's in DNA or whether it's in these electronics, and ask them, did you complete everything that you should have completed?    Mr. Marino . Thank you. I now am going to recognize myself for some questions. So welcome to everyone. We'd like to start with Mr. Sewell.    I'm sorry. Mr. Sewell, pronouncing that name correctly?    Mr. Marino. All right. I have some questions for you concerning China. In 2014, you moved your--what's referred to as your Chinese cloud to China. Is that correct?    Mr. Marino. Okay. And can you tell me whose data is stored in that Chinese cloud? Is it just people in China? Is my data stored in that cloud as well?    Mr. Marino. Is it strictly limited to Chinese people?    Mr. Marino. Okay.    Mr. Marino. Okay. Can you tell me, what was the cost, in a ballpark figure, in the time to make the move to--for the United States to move Chinese information over to China in their cloud?    Mr. Marino. Yeah. Cost and time.    Mr. Marino. Okay. You may or may not know, but I was a prosecutor for a while, both at the State and Federal level. And we prosecutors are focused on a case and the crime concerned, and we want going to get our hands on anything we can to see that justice is served, but on the other side of this too, we're talking about privacy issues. And I'm very concerned about to what extent, if, for some reason, you were to change your mind about working with the FBI, or the court ordered that, what does that mean to our privacy?    Mr. Marino. Let me get this clear, because there are many rumors flying around. And you've probably answered this a couple times, and I apologize. I've had to run and do something else.    Are you saying that there is no method that exists now that you could unlock that phone and let the FBI know what is in there?    Mr. Marino. Right.    Mr. Marino. Now, you talk about the cost is an unreasonable burden and the time involved. That's why I asked you what did it cost to move the cloud, what was the time. And you're the expert, I'm not.    Mr. Marino. So it's your position that if you do what the FBI wants to one phone, could you elaborate on that in the 33 seconds I have left as to why that would be an undue burden, keeping in mind that I'm very critical about our privacy?    Mr. Marino. Okay. I see that my time has just about run out, so I'm going to yield back.    And who's next? Mr. Jeffries, Congressman Jeffries is next.    Mr. Marino. I thank the gentleman from New York.    And the Chair recognizes now the gentleman from Rhode Island, Congressman Cicilline.    Mr. Marino. You bet.    The Chair recognizes Ms. Lofgren from California.    Mr. Marino. Mr. Sewell, I have one more question for you. Does China--does the Chinese Government have access to the cloud, or is there any indication that they have tried to hack the cloud in China to get information on the Chinese people?    Mr. Marino. Yes.    Mr. Marino. Yes.    Mr. Marino. You answered my question. Thank you.    This concludes today's hearing. I want to thank the panel very much for being here.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record. The hearing is adjourned.