    Mrs. Beatty. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Cleaver. I am still trying to figure out if my cute shoes today hurt or if they are comfortable. But thank you for that.    But thank you, Mr. Cleaver.    I am from Ohio. And my Third Congressional District does not have a lot of rural. But in the great State of Ohio, maybe my colleague Mr. Stivers and others have more of that rural.    But I come with some 20 years of experience, housing experience. More specifically, you mentioned Section 8 with public housing, working with Section 8. So I am not quite as familiar with some of the intimate details with rural housing, but some of the information that I received talks about how in rural housing, you can give direct funds to someone to buy a home.    That would be somewhat unheard of or a disclaimer in public housing. If someone gave you a loan, then you wouldn't be able to qualify and you wouldn't be able to get it unless you are part of the self-sufficiency move out. So I see them as quite different.    So I guess my question to you is, given the current existing shortage of the number of available and affordable rental units in both rural housing and HUD or urban housing supply, and the longstanding underfunding of Federal affordable housing programs, could you describe to me any concerns you would have with consolidating rural housing and HUD programs, as some had suggested?    Mrs. Beatty. Are you familiar--on the HUD side, we had something like that, and it was called ``Project Base.'' And it was a 20-year program that was developed. And then in more recent years, unlike what you just described, the Federal Government took away project base. It was even with the homes.    So, for example, if I owned several homes, then the public housing authority through HUD would give me the money to fix it up and I got it. Now, it is a lot different in terms of that. If a tenant does something to your home, you are responsible for fixing it up and there are no dollars for renovating. So there is a difference.    When you are in urban areas--it is always quite interesting to me. And I don't know if either one of you gentlemen can help me out. But if we are talking about rural and we are talking about farmers, it is a subsidy. And when we are talking about rural and we are talking about housing, it doesn't have the negative connotation that as soon as we go to urban, people make it like they are getting a handout or that they are getting welfare.    But you make it sound so eloquent. And oftentimes in this same committee when we are talking about urban or inner city, it just seems like a more negative connotation to lifestyles and individuals. So I would be interested in your comments on that.    Mrs. Beatty. Thank you.