    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank our witnesses for taking the time to come and testify before us today. And I want to thank the chairman for holding this joint hearing, because the topic that we are talking about is very important. We have 80 or so different programs that are out there right now are welfare programs. We want to make sure that these dollars are actually stretching the furthest that they possibly can. And ultimately, our goal is that we want to make sure that people who are on welfare, that they are able to get up and out of welfare and stand on their own two feet, raise their families, and carry out the lives as they choose.    Coming from the great State of Illinois, Mr. Randolph, we certainly appreciate your work at the Illinois Policy Institute. I wanted to follow up on some of the things that you had talked about before.    The study that you had mentioned before was done in Lake County, Illinois. That happens to be an area that I represent. I think the study that you did was talking about a single mother with two children and the differential between making $12 an hour and the benefits that that family would receive versus what I think most people would think would be a natural evolution to say, okay, I am doing well. I would like to get that raise and get a raise, and $18 an hour. And ultimately, that would be economically a detriment to that family.    Can you kind of talk--in your experience, you know, is that a common thing that we are seeing that cliff?    Mr. DOLD. Well, and that is one of the things that I hope we can get. And obviously, we have got a very short period of time, but we would like to get some solutions. This isn't just an opportunity for us to talk. Hopefully we are highlighting a scenario that is out there that is a problem that we need to fix, and we need your help to come up with some solutions. Because we don't want to discourage that individual from getting the raise, from trying to pull themselves out of poverty to try to better their family.    Ms. Netus, let me just ask you, from your experience working first hand with individuals, do you think that the people are generally aware of the phase out rates for the programs that they receive and are disincentivized to work for advancement?    Mr. DOLD. Well, I certainly appreciate that. And what I will hope, and I do hope, is that we can figure out a way to make sure that our safety net, that our welfare programs, don't disincentivize people from trying to get themselves out. That needs to be all of our goal because we want that social safety net, but when we have created it in such a way where there is disincentive to advance, I think we all lose.    My time has expired, Mr. Chairman.