    Mr. Meadows. The Subcommittee on Government Operations will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Since 1999, the GSA has provided over 9,800 firearms to State and local law enforcement agencies through its surplus firearm donation program. And this program has helped to ensure that our law enforcement agencies have the necessary tools to protect and serve the American people. However, today's hearing is about a disconcerting finding by the GSA inspector generals that the firearms program is being poorly administered.    The IG found a program besieged by mismanagement, poor inventory, accounting procedures, and reliance on outdated and ineffective data management tools. The results of these problems are a system that the IG found to be placing firearms, such as grenade launchers, Uzis, M16s in a situation that is ripe for theft and loss. Allowing extremely dangerous firearms to be managed so carelessly is deplorable. The government needs to get its house in order.    The GSA is managing the firearms donations program using a haphazard system consisting of a digitally ancient Web platform, disorganized and practically unusable paper files, and spreadsheets riddled with incorrect and missing information.    When the IG began its evaluation of the surplus firearms donation program, the record-keeping system was so poor, in fact, that the IG could not even fully finish its review. The IG found that this program, which must track thousands of dangerous weapons throughout the country, was being administered using this paper file system and the paper files that the GSA officials described as the backbone, according to them, of the program. These paper files were, for practical purposes, incapable of being used to keep track of the firearms. The IG was told by the sole individual--one individual--managing and tracking the program that it would take days to search the files for a single item. To compensate, the administrator of the program resorted to creating a spreadsheet to track nearly 10,000 firearms spread across 831 different law enforcement agencies, yet these spreadsheets were really in no better shape than the paper files. The spreadsheets contained information that contradicted the paper files and the digital records. The spreadsheets were missing information critical to knowing the location and use of the firearms.    The only other way that firearms were able to be located was through a Web platform that had not been updated since 1999. Let me repeat that these firearms were being managed using a program that is now over 16 years old.    All told, the menagerie of half-accurate, unsearchable, pre-new-millennial software, paper, and spreadsheets created a system where the firearms were practically impossible to accurately be tracked. This atrocious quality of the program's records resulted in the IG being unable to even verify the GSA's reported number of missing firearms.    The current program manager's sole individual overseeing this program identified the need to create a better tracking system early on and communicated that need, yet, despite the fact that the GSA knew about the deficiencies, the agency appears to have only begun to address the deficiencies in light of the IG's report. This poor system contributed to hundreds of firearms going missing. Between 2001 and 2016, 485 firearms went missing. Of these, only 25 firearms were ever found. That's right, 25 of 485, which is just unbelievable.    Among those firearms that went missing were a set of 130 handguns, 5 Uzi submachine guns, and a pair of, get this, grenade launchers. In each of these instances, the firearms were sold to private gun shops, which is not allowed under the program, and appears to have never been recovered.    In fact, the GSA IG discovered yesterday that two of the missing grenade launchers were now located in Florida and Colorado and available for sale to the general public. In some cases, the firearms would go missing for as long as a decade--yes, 10 years--before anyone realized that the firearms were not where they were supposed to be. It is beyond unacceptable that these firearms were lost, let alone the fact that they were not recovered and, in some cases, were missing for years before anyone knew about it.    But pure luck, it appears that--but for pure luck, it appears that none of the missing firearms ended up in criminals' hands, so we can be thankful for that. Regardless, one shudders to think what might have happened if those missing Uzis or the grenade launchers ended up in the hands of an individual that was bent on using them for nefarious purposes.    The IG found that the GSA had weak and inconsistent, to quote them, ``weak and inconsistent inventory controls.'' So the GSA has a responsibility to maintain and track these firearms inventory checks. However, the GSA only apparently determined the need to require validated annual inventory reports in 2014, roughly 14 years into the program's existence. Based on this, it seems the GSA considered an accurate inventory to be an afterthought.    Even with recent annual inventory requirements, the practices used by GSA were feeble. The SASPs were provided with only limited training on how to acquire the firearms and conduct inventory review, leaving them on their own to create an inventory process and procedure, resulting in inconsistent procedures across States.    We, obviously, are having this hearing today, and in spite of all of this, what I would ask that each of you do is try to address your remarks--the results of these flaws still remaining is that the firearms may still be subject to the same threat of loss, theft, or improper sale.    So I appreciate all of our witnesses coming here today, and I'm optimistic that, through our conversations today, we will be able to help safeguard against these firearms being used improperly.    I'll now recognize the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, Mr. Connolly, for his opening remarks.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. I'm pleased to welcome the Honorable Carol Ochoa, inspector general of the U.S. General Services Administration. I'd like to also thank you for not only your involvement but your flexibility in so many ways to work with this committee in a humble way, being as flexible as possible. It is so refreshing, and I just wanted to take this opportunity to thank you personally for that.    Mr. William Sisk, acting Assistant Commissioner of the Office of General Supplies and Services of the U.S. General Services Administration. And Mr. Steve--is it Ekin?    Mr. Meadows. Ekin, president of the National Association of State Agencies for Surplus Property.    Welcome to you all, and pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. So, if you will, please, rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. Please be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, I would ask that you please limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes, but your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    Ms. Ochoa, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Without objection.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Sisk, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Sisk.    Mr. Ekin, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank each of you for your testimony.    The chair will recognize himself for 5 minutes for a series of questions.    Mr. Ekin, I find it interesting that you say you go through an annual Federal audit?    Mr. Meadows. So what do they audit it to? If we don't have a good list, I mean----    Mr. Meadows. So you go through an annual Federal audit that's meaningless?    Mr. Meadows. Well, assuming--so what you're saying is you keep good track of the ones you're receiving?    Mr. Meadows. Then what's the purpose of a Federal audit?    Mr. Meadows. I just want to caution you: don't--listen, I know all my sheriffs by first name. I know my chiefs by first name. I love law enforcement. I've got them on speed dial. I understand that the task of which you are here in your association, but let's not take that issue and go overboard with regards to justifying what is, obviously, a problem.    Mr. Meadows. Okay?    And so, Mr. Sisk, can you explain to the committee how it took 10 years to find five Uzi submachine guns that were missing?    Mr. Meadows. So why did you do that? I mean, I heard that in your original testimony.    Mr. Meadows. I guess I'm a little troubled by that, because according to the information we have, is this person that's in charge of this program knew that there was a problem, needed additional resources, probably had a notebook of stuff. So if it were just a management problem, why would you ask the IG to come in?    Mr. Meadows. Are you sure that they asked?    Mr. Meadows. Ms. Ochoa, did they ask you to come in?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. All right. So, as we look at that, it took 10 years. So I'm curious. Ms. Ochoa, when did you do your report?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Mr. Sisk, when were the Uzis found?    Mr. Meadows. 2012.    Mr. Meadows. So we had five Uzis that were missing for 10 years. We found them, and we waited 3 years to have the IG come in and look at it? Do you not see a problem with that?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So you, in your testimony, Mr. Sisk, you talk about a new procedure that you put in place. When did you communicate that new procedure?    Mr. Meadows. All right. When--I think you made--so as we look at that, I guess the IG's report came out in July, was it, of 2015? June or July?    Mr. Meadows. Of 2015.    Now, this is not a complicated problem, I wouldn't think, you know, in the big scheme of things. Why would it take so long to start making real changes to this? Is it the fact that the ranking member and I are holding a hearing today that you started getting to work on it? Mr. Sisk.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So explain to--I guess--so everybody understands--I guess there's a new procedure that you're recommending, that we got notice of 2 days ago? Is that correct? On the 29th.    Mr. Meadows. So why are you deciding to change the program? Because that's not necessarily what the IG recommended. I mean, so, as you start to look at it, what problems with the IG's report do you see that you don't agree with? Do you agree with everything?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So, with that, you're saying that you're making good progress?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Is it surprising to you that, in preparation for this hearing, the committee staff and your staff, I guess, found these grenade launchers for sale?    Mr. Meadows. So that was a shock to you, a surprise to you?    Mr. Meadows. Well, I mean, I guess if you have an inventory of submachine guns and grenade launchers that goes missing, I would leave no stone unturned to try to find it. I guess the ranking member and I are sitting here trying to scratch our heads: Why would it take a congressional hearing before we find out where those are if it's really a priority?    Mr. Meadows. Do you see why a reasonable person would think that the GSA is not treating it as a priority?    Mr. Meadows. All right. I'm out of time.    I'll go ahead and recognize the ranking member for a very generous 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Maybe pull the box a little bit closer to you. Yeah, there we go.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you.    And I think I join all of colleagues on the dais here for the condolences of losing one of your constituents, and certainly one of Prince Williams' finest.    And so, with that, I'll recognize the vice chair of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Michigan, the vice chair of the subcommittee.    The chair now recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Yeah, the gentlewoman's time has expired, but you can answer the question.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia's appalling demeanor.    We'll recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Missouri.    I'm going to go ahead and recognize myself for a series of additional questions, because I want to follow up. You know, the gentleman from Georgia was, obviously, indicating that he finds it very difficult, as I think the ranking member and I both do, that we can somehow have 9,800 weapons that come from different agencies. And I think, to be clear, it comes from--it may come from the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, Social Security, whomever has it, it is deemed surplus, is that correct, and then you just track it?    Mr. Meadows. So let me follow up on maybe the less than articulate way that I asked the question earlier that I think maybe we got off--I asked a question that you answered. But I don't know that I was very clear. So let me go back to that. In terms of the perpetual restrictions in your testimony, when did that come about, the loosening of the perpetual restrictions?    Mr. Meadows. So that, essentially, would do away with an inventory list?    Mr. Meadows. So did you make that recommendation on the 29 of February? Because that's when we found out about it.    Ms. Ochoa, when did you find out about it?    Mr. Meadows. So has this been in the works since last fall? Or is this just an idea that popped up before this hearing?    Mr. Meadows. So, essentially, it was put as part of your testimony to say: We're going to try to figure out a way to do this by getting rid of an inventory list that we can't control because we can't actually track the weapons. Is that accurate?    Mr. Meadows. Your recommendation on the 29th, so let me be specific here, your recommendation on the 29th, why did you make that recommendation on that day? What was the genesis or the causal effect of coming up with that recommendation to get rid of the perpetual restriction?    Mr. Meadows. So you're doing this because it will benefit local law enforcement? Is that what you're saying? Is that your testimony?    Mr. Meadows. I'm trying to figure out why, 2 days before a hearing, we get a recommendation on an IG's report that was issued back in the summer of last year and that, 2 days before a hearing, we get this new idea that shows up with my staff, who have been working on this--let me tell you, the work that comes here is not mine; it's the staff's. As you well know, they're doing a yeoman's job. And, yet, when they have a briefing a day or so before this hearing, there's this new idea of getting rid of the perpetual restriction. So was that thought out? Or was it just put in the testimony to make it sound like you got a plan?    Mr. Meadows. When did you start exploring that recommendation?    Mr. Meadows. All right. That's helpful. Because counsel has not weighed in on that, right? I guess here's the interesting thing, is since you don't own the firearms--you're taking the list--how do you make the determination that you can give it to a local law enforcement agency after 12 months? It's not yours to give. It's surplus property that you're managing, but it actually belongs to the FBI or DHS or whomever. Doesn't it?    Mr. Meadows. Has counsel weighed in on that, that says you have the ability, from a statute standpoint, to do that?    Mr. Meadows. It may be a statute. But it would be a statute for the FBI to do it or the DHS, not necessarily--I don't know that that statute--does it transfer? Did counsel say it transfers to GSA?    Mr. Meadows. Your ability to convey title to the State of Georgia, do you have that ability, from a statute standpoint, right now?    Mr. Meadows. So you're following me, so you have that ability is what your counsel has told you?    Mr. Meadows. So, in the last 2 weeks, you've made that determination, that that's how you're going to get rid of this inventory list?    Mr. Meadows. Listen, you may have two different ideological points of view up here as it relates to our local law enforcement. But I guess we are of one mind when it comes to tracking it. Here's the problem: You've got a tracking problem. You've got an accountability problem. And instead of changing your accountability and tracking, you're changing the program to say: Well, let's give it away; that way we don't have to track it.    Are you following? It just doesn't make sense. Does it? Does it make sense to you?    Mr. Meadows. Does it make sense to you?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me--and I understand--so let me go interrupt myself. And I'll ask, so if that's the case and you're going to convey ownership to, let's say, Mr. Ekin and the State of Georgia, what would preclude him from saying, ``I want 130 of those Glocks''; they keep them for 12 months, and they sell them; and he says, ``I want 130 more Glocks''? So it becomes a funding stream. If you get rid of the perpetual restriction, it becomes a funding stream where they don't have to reimburse the Federal Government. I can tell you: it would be a business that I would get in immediately if you did that. Do you see the problem there?    Mr. Meadows. Right. But what I'm saying: it becomes a de facto grant to that State agency. Would it not?    Mr. Meadows. Am I missing something?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Let me tell you: Georgia and South Carolina may get a lot. North Carolina, I saw on the thing, I get zero. So I'm----    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Ekin, you wanted to jump in there because you were disagreeing with an analysis. And it's fine.    Mr. Meadows. Which I understand that's the way it is today. But I guess what I'm saying is, does that change under this new scenario? If you get fee title to it in 12 months, does that change that? Or would they still have to compensate? Would they still have to compensate the FBI, let's say? Would the State of Georgia still have to compensate, if they kept it for 12 months and on the 13th month they sold it, would they have to compensate the FBI?    Mr. Meadows. No, I understand that. That is what I'm saying. He's talking a new--here's my concern, Mr. Sisk. This is not a complicated problem. This is not rocket science. I mean, I can tell you I can go buy an off-the-shelf program today that would track this and be able to sort it. In fact, if you need some help with that, I can probably get you four or five vendors that would fall all over themselves to do it very cheaply, where Ms. Ochoa doesn't have to come back and check on it, because it would actually be sortable, and we could track it. Then it becomes an ideological problem on whether we supply it to the State of Georgia or whomever. But what it sounds like is you're about to change a program because you won't fix the reporting. Am I wrong there?    Mr. Meadows. But they were in your testimony.    Mr. Meadows. The ranking member has been very gracious. I'll----    Mr. Meadows. That was a good South Carolina accentby the way.    Mr. Meadows. I want to thank each one of you. And let me be clear, Mr. Sisk. I understand that this is an inherited problem for both you and your boss. And so I would say that the commitment to get it in the heat of which you've had to respond to questions today, we understand that you're not the causal effect of this.    But let me also share, the OIG has done great work in identifying this. I still have questions of whether they were asked to come in or they came in. And that's a moot point because people have moved on. But let me be clear in that what we don't want to do is to ignore the work that the IG and their committed staff has done. And so we're going to stay on top of this. The American people don't understand it. I don't understand how something so simple can't be done. We can put a man on the Moon, and, yet, we can't track firearms going to State agencies.    At the same time, I don't want it to be, Mr. Ekin, be viewed as anything--I understand, I've gotten rural law enforcement officers that have participated, you know, sometimes getting pistols that, truly, they wouldn't be able to afford in their local budget. I get that. But where I do come with this, Mr. Sisk, is, is that the time is now to fix it. And what I don't want--what I would ask you and if I could get your commitment that you, within the next 120 days, will have not only a plan in place but more than just a visionary statement in an opening remark, that we have, within 120 days, where we're tracking this, where at least the problem stops in 120 days, and that you've implemented all of the IG's recommendations. So I have your commitment that you will do that?    Mr. Meadows. Okay.    With that, I want to thank all the witnesses for your time today on this important topic. And if there is no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.