    Ms. Foley. Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify again today.    My criticisms with the President's immigration actions are based on legal process and not any particular policy or political results. What shape immigration reform may ultimately take is not my concern as a constitutional scholar. My sole concern is with preserving the Constitution and its separation of powers architecture.    President Obama has repeatedly said that his motivation for taking executive action on immigration is because he wants to fix our broken immigration system. What this means is that he is trying to fix our immigration law because, of course, immigration law is the only immigration system that we have.    So he thinks our immigration law is broken, and he believes that it is broken because it fails to exempt certain categories that he thinks deserve exemption from deportation and to whom he believes the law should grant benefits, such as work permits. But fixing a law by unilaterally changing it by granting exemptions, remedies, and benefits that the law doesn't provide is legislating. Or to be more precise, it is amending. That is a power that is given exclusively to Congress by the Constitution.    The President's duty under the Constitution is not to fix a law that he thinks is broken, but to faithfully execute that law. When a President takes it upon himself the power to change a law he doesn't like, we have no democracy anymore. We have, instead, a legislature of one.    If Congress doesn't oppose President Obama's Executive orders on immigration, it will be writing its own institutional obituary. When Congress fails to express disagreement with executive action, the courts tend to construe that as acquiescence or implied authorization by Congress. This is so-called category one from Justice Jackson's concurrence in the Youngstown steel seizure case. So Congress needs to be very careful here. It has a constitutional responsibility to vigorously protect its turf.    President Obama's immigration actions are unconstitutional for three separate and distinct reasons that I elaborate in the written statement. First, they alter the status of certain illegal immigrants, magically transforming them from deportable to not deportable. Second, they provide a remedy called deferred action that Congress has not explicitly or implicitly authorized for this category of people. Third, they confer benefits upon certain illegal immigrants that, again, Congress has not explicitly or implicitly approved for this population.    While any one of these particular reasons will render executive action unconstitutional, when you have all three of them existing as you do here with President Obama's executive actions on immigration, it creates sort of a Bermuda Triangle of unconstitutionality that has a uniquely powerful gravitational pull that is capable of eviscerating Article I's legislative powers.    It is the combination of all three of these aspects of President Obama's Executive orders on immigration that make it uniquely dangerous to this institution. I would like to highlight two points that I elaborate on in the written statement that I think bear a little special mention.    First, by granting work permits to DACA and DAPA recipients, President Obama's immigration orders encourage employers to hire illegal immigrants over lawful residents. That is because the Affordable Care Act does not allow illegal immigrants to obtain tax credits when they buy qualifying health insurance. So what happens is if you hire more DACA and DAPA recipients, this lessens the employer's exposure to what is called the employer responsibility tax under the ACA. So the more illegal immigrants you hire who are eligible for DACA and DAPA, then the fewer who are eligible to buy health insurance, and the fewer who are going to obtain a tax credit for doing so, and, therefore, the fewer employees that you have in your workplace who are capable of triggering that employer responsibility tax.    Now, why do I go into that detail? Because it means one important thing. President Obama's immigration actions undermine the ACA itself by undermining its goal of providing insurance via the workplace. So it is no small irony here that by granting work permits to DACA and DAPA recipients, President Obama is, in fact, undermining his own signature legislative achievement.    Second, DACA and DAPA recipients are eligible to apply for something called for advance parole. That means they can get advanced permission to leave the country and come back relatively quickly. Without advance parole, if you enter this country illegally and you leave, you have to then stay out for a long period of time, usually about 3 to 10 years, before you are allowed to reenter. So once a DACA or DAPA recipient reenters this country after being advanced paroled, they are considered to be paroled back into the country, and paroled individuals under the statute are eligible to adjust their legal status. They can do this as long as they qualify for a visa, such as, let us say, an employer-sponsored visa.    So what does this mean? It means that at least for some DACA and DAPA recipients, obtaining advanced parole will provide a----    Ms. Foley. Absolutely.    It means that they will be able to have a pathway to U.S. citizenship. This is problematic because Congress has the sole power to decide who is granted citizenship under the Constitution. And even if just one person under DACA and DAPA is granted advanced parole and are applying, subsequently, for an adjustment of status, what we have is the fundamental usurpation of Congress' power over naturalization.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Foley. Yes, I would just say it seems patent to me that both DACA and DAPA are categorical exemptions from law. And with respect to Professor Legomsky, who says that is not the case, just look to President Obama's own words when he announced DAPA publicly in November of 2014. He said in a televised speech before the Nation, ``All I am saying is we are not going to deport you.'' I think that speaks volumes.    The other thing I would say with regard to DACA is just look at the numbers. We have 2 years of experience with DACA at this point, and the latest numbers as of the end of 2014 show that 97 percent of DACA applications have been approved by the Administration. And in a letter from Director Leon Rodriguez to Senator Grassley not too long ago, he admitted that the reasons why the 3 percent had been rejected is because they are not filling out the paperwork properly or attaching the right check for the processing fee.    That, to me, sounds like, if you meet the criteria that has been unilaterally established by this President, you will get an exemption from deportation. And that is not what the INA declares.    Ms. Foley. Congressman Franks, you ask a very salient question. Absolutely, the President here is violating the ``take care'' clause, because his duty under the Constitution, again, is to see to it that the laws are faithfully executed. So even if the laws are completely broken, and everybody on both sides of the aisle agree that the laws are broken, the President does not have the constitutional power to fix it. If it is going to be fixed, it has to be fixed by Congress and Congress alone.    I think the Framers would be rolling over in their graves if they knew what this President was doing.    And let me just address prosecutorial discretion for a moment, if I may. One of the hypotheticals that gets bandied about by those who support the President's action is to say, ``Well, a sheriff, for example, can decide that he is only going to pull over speeders who go 5 mph or more over the speed limit and let everybody else go. That is what this President is doing. There is no difference.''    There is a world of difference between those two things. What that President is doing in that hypothetical is classical prosecutorial discretion. But that is not what President Obama is doing by these actions.    To be analogous to what President Obama is doing here, that sheriff would have to, first of all, publicly pronounce to the world that he is not going to pull over the speeders despite the fact that the law says they are speeders. He would have to say, ``And if I do pull anybody over, I am only going to give them a fine of a dollar, even though the statute says that it is $100 or more fine. And then maybe also when I decide I am going to pull them over, I am going to give them a gift card from Best Buy. I am going to confer benefits upon them.''    That is what this President is doing, and that is clearly not prosecutorial discretion.    Ms. Foley. Oh, absolutely. The conferral of benefits I think is the classic example of why you don't want to start going down the down this road constitutionally with the President, because think about what he is doing. He is, first of all, publicly announcing to everyone that even though the law says you shall be deportable, you are no longer deportable. And now I am going to give you this remedy called deferred action that Congress has blessed in certain other instances explicitly, but not blessed for this particular population.    And then once he makes those moves, then he confers all these benefits upon this population. I mean, that is classic bootstrapping. And if the President can make the first two moves, then why not just bootstrap and add the other move, which is the conferral of benefits.    That is what makes this so dangerous, because if Congress' core constitutional powers include anything, it is not just naturalization but it is the power of the purse. And these benefits have financial consequences, not only to the Federal Government, but, of course, to the States, which is why they have standing to sue him.    Ms. Foley. Yes.    Ms. Foley. Yes.    Ms. Foley. I guess my first response would be, again, bootstrapping argument, F, right? Because what is happening here is that they are saying they are going to suffer irreparable harm because they are prevented from doing what they think they have the authority to do. But, of course, the $6 million question is, do they have the authority to do what they are trying to do?    It has to be no. The answer has to be no, because despite Professor Legomsky's attempt to identify four criteria that he thinks provide a meaningful limiting principle, with respect, they don't provide a meaningful limiting principle. If this President can do this, future Presidents can unilaterally suspend, for entire categories of people whom they prefer for some political reason, operation of various laws, environmental laws, labor laws, tax laws, and on and on and on. And that clearly upsets the constitutional balance. That is not faithful execution of the law.    Ms. Foley. Congressman Jordan, I think you are doing exactly what the Constitution contemplates that you should do, what the Framers anticipated you would do. They anticipated that you would vigorously defend your constitutional prerogatives.    Ms. Foley. I absolutely do. And let me just say that it is one thing to hold an appropriations measure hostage. It is another thing to hold the Constitution hostage, which is what I think the President has done.    Ms. Foley. That is correct.    Ms. Foley. Correct.    Ms. Foley. I don't know. You may want to ask your colleagues on the other side of the aisle that question. But I would just say, again, in my opinion, it seems like it is, in fact, the other side of the political aisle that is holding the Constitution hostage.    Ms. Foley. Well, that is a shame. That is not the way a constitutional republic is supposed to work. It is the process of debate and deliberation that gives you your value to the American people.    And this is a controversial issue, and it ought to be discussed and debated. I mean, I am glad we are having the hearing today, but they shouldn't play politics with the Constitution.    Ms. Foley. Yes. It is a really great question because deferred action is something that Congress has authorized in specific statutes for specific populations in the past. So there are some statutes out there that say X, Y, or Z is entitled to deferred action. Now normally when something like that happens, if a court looks at the grant of deferred action in another area, let us say A, B, or C, the court would say, well, the fact that Congress clearly knows that deferred action exists and has granted it for X, Y, and Z necessarily implies that they don't intend to grant it for A, B, and C. So that is point one.    The other thing is that deferred action has been granted administratively, not by Congress in statute, but by the executive branch on several occasions in the past. My written statement elaborates on four instances that the OLC relied upon in blessing the constitutionality of the President's action.    For every single one of those, except for the widower or widow one that President Obama took in 2009, all three of them involved a situation where Congress had already passed a statute that gave this group legal status. And deferred action was given administratively as a bridge until they could achieve the processing of that status.    So in those situations, you can see that granting administrative deferred action is perfectly consonant with congressional will.    Now the widow or widower one I don't think was legal, frankly, because that was granted at a time when the applicable statute did not grant that kind of deferred action to widows or widowers. In fact, several months later, after that administrative deferred action was granted, then Congress amended its statute. But at the time the grant of deferred action was taken, that statute did not exist. And, therefore, I don't think you can say it was consonant with congressional will.    Now once Congress passed that statute, then it is game over. And in fact, at that point, the Administration receded from its administrative grant of deferred action and just said it is none of our business anymore. Congress has legislated it.    And that is all working correctly, right? So we will never know whether that was legal or not, because it got mooted out by subsequent statute.    Ms. Foley. It is a great question. I posed this before, the last time I testified before the Committee on the President's action with regard to Obamacare and delaying the employer mandate. The hypothetical I posed was what if the Speaker of the House decided he wanted to appoint himself Commander in Chief? But it is the same idea, right?    Article II can supposedly usurp Article I, but Article I can't usurp Article II? It doesn't work either way. I mean, neither one is constitutional.    The point about this being prosecutorial discretion, just ask yourself, everybody I think on this panel agrees that the $6 million legal question on prosecutorial discretion is, is what the President doing consonant with congressional will, because you get to control your statutes and he has to faithfully execute them under the Constitution? So is what he is doing consonant with what you want and what you have directed, pursuant to the INA? I think the answer is patently that it is not consonant with congressional will.    And just as a thought experiment, again, ask yourself this: Why didn't previous Presidents think they had the authority to do this? If this was so politically palatable for such a long period of time, the last 30 or 40 years, why didn't President Clinton do it? Why didn't President Carter do it? The reason they didn't do it is because no President thought they had the authority to do this because they didn't think Congress had authorized it under the INA, which explains why the President went around 20-plus times and said he didn't have the legal authority to do this.    By the way, the Supreme Court has said as much. There is a case called Utility Air Regulatory Group v. EPA, involving EPA's carbon tailoring rule that was decided last summer. In that case, the Supreme Court basically said, look, one of the reasons why the carbon tailoring rule violates separation of powers, and it did violate separation of powers, is because the EPA is promulgating a regulation that flies in the face of years of understanding of what the Clean Air Act was thought to give the authority to the EPA to do as a regulatory matter.    It is the same thing here, the same form of construction of Congress' will should take place in this case.    Ms. Foley. Yes. In fact, the only way that this group, the DACA/DAPA recipients are granted work authorization, is because the Obama administration has decided to unilaterally grant them deferred action, which, again, that remedy, deferred action, is a remedy that Congress hasn't statutorily specified for this population.    Ms. Foley. I think it is possible, although I have to confess, in terms of standing, what the affected U.S. citizen would have to establish is but for the ACA nongrant of eligibility.    Ms. Foley. Yes. I think it is possible. I think if you have the right facts and circumstances with an affidavit filed by the employer that but for he would have hired the U.S. citizen, I think you could establish standing.