    Mr. McAvoy. Thank you.    Chairman Whitfield and distinguished members of the subcommittee, good morning and thank you for inviting me to testify on this issue that could have potentially devastating consequences to my company and to my industry.    My name is Creighton McAvoy. I am president of the McAvoy Brick Company, which has manufactured clay brick and pavers in Phoenixville, Pennsylvania for over 120 years. However, my family history with brick making goes back five generations to 1866 when my grandfather started a brick plant in Philadelphia with his brother-in-law. He eventually started two more brick yards in south Philadelphia with his sons and in 1895 he and his sons started a new corporation to make vitrified street pavers in Phoenixville. We are still making brick on that site today.    In 2006, McAvoy Brick employed 26 hourly union employees and six salaried employees working year round and had sales of over $5.5 million. In 2012, due to the effects of the Great Recession on our industry, McAvoy Brick sales bottomed out at just under $2.5 million and we employed four salaried employees and 20 hourlies, most of which were laid off 5 to 6 months of that year. Last year, business slightly improved to just under $2.8 million in sales and employment increased to five salaried employees and 21 hourly employees, most of which were employed over 8 months. Throughout all this downturn, McAvoy Brick has been able to pay all its bills and for the most part stay in the black. As you can see, we are a very small business, even for the brick industry.    I am here today because while we were not required to put on controls in the last round of this regulation, it appears we will need to under this new rule. We are concerned that this regulation could become the moving target that the last Brick MACT did and that regulatory uncertainty could cripple my ability to remain in business. We are here to ask your help to ensure that what happened to companies like Henry Brick does not happen again. We believe the BRICK Act can give us this certainty we need.    I am not only here on behalf of my company; I am here on behalf of my industry, as I serve on the board of directors of the Brick Industry Association. Approximately 75 percent of the companies in the brick industry are small businesses like McAvoy Brick. They have been making brick for a hundred years or more and have been good employers and neighbors in their local communities. Our industry is committed to do our share and doing the right thing for our employees, our vendors, our customers and our community. However, as our industry continues to struggle to come out of the Great Recession, we, like all industries, have limited resources. It is imperative that these limited resources be used judiciously and on the most important issues. It is important that there is some benefit to every dollar spent and that the money not be spent needlessly or prematurely.    We were actually one of the fortunate companies when it came to the 2003 Brick MACT. As we were able to take a production limit from 12 tons of brick per hour through our kiln down to just below 10 tons per hour, making our kiln a small kiln and not subject to those regulations. That did not come without a cost, as we could have sold some of the product from that surrendered capacity in the few years before the recession. However, we were still better off than what compliance did to our fellow brick manufacturers with large kilns.    In 2015, the 2015 Brick MACT does include some of the innovative requirements including health-based standards for over 99 percent of the hazardous air pollutants emissions from our industry's kilns. Unfortunately, the requirement for the remaining 1 percent emissions, mercury and nonmercury metals, will require the same multimillion dollar controls that would have been required before the health-based standards were conceived.    Under the 2015 Brick MACT, we will likely be required to install controls on our kiln. We will be conducting tests to determine our specific situation. According to EPA's cost estimates, they expect that we will install and operate a control device that will cost approximately $1.5 million and become a synthetic minor source, thus avoiding the Brick MACT requirements. This control device is the same one Henry Brick installed on their kilns. If that control is incapable of helping us get out of this rule, as it was incapable for Henry Brick, we believe we will have to install a control system that EPA estimates at costing $2.7 million to control three to five pounds of mercury and 100 to 200 pounds of metals each year. We are simply not sure anyone will loan us the money to purchase these controls or that we will be able to pay this money back, particularly if it is for the more expensive system that has never been demonstrated to work on a brick kiln emission.    While we did not have experience complying with control limits for the 2003 Brick MACT, another small company similar to ours does have experience trying to borrow money from a financial institution. In their case, the money was for renovations at one of their kilns, an investment that would make them more efficient and more productive. They spent the last 2 years trying to obtain financing for a renovation of one of their kilns. This renovation would reduce their energy cost by approximately $500,000 per year and it took two years to find a financial institution willing to lend them the money. That company is one of the few brick companies to have had steady profit since 2007. Their financial status was very good for all those loan applications with plenty of collateral. However, it still took two years to find an institution willing to lend them the funds.    Mr. McAvoy. You may think that the loss of one small brick company will not make any difference in our overall economy. However, if McAvoy Brick is required to close their doors, more than $2.8 million will be lost from our local economy. We pay over $1 million in wages for 26 families. Many of these employees will have difficulty finding other employment. Basically, we are really happy that this legislation has been introduced and we hope that it will able to be passed. I thank the committee for allowing me the time to speak and I will be more than happy to answer any question at this time.    Mr. McAvoy. Yes.    Mr. McAvoy. Oh, yes, we have. We worked with them and we were also able to get a health-based rule which is somewhat ground breaking.    Mr. McAvoy. Oh, yes. It has been productive. However, other issues come up, the mercury and the metals and it just also seems like outside sources suing, caused these problems.    Mr. McAvoy. Well, making the change--to vacate the rule.    Mr. McAvoy. About a million dollars.    Mr. McAvoy. You mean federal or whatever?    Mr. McAvoy. Well, property tax I think to the school district I think we're, like, $60,000 a year. We're a subchapter S corporation so I don't have a federal number.    Mr. McAvoy. About $20,000 a month or more.    Mr. McAvoy. Yes.    Mr. McAvoy. Steelworkers.    Mr. McAvoy. Steelworkers.    Mr. McAvoy. Yes, it is another burden cost that is going to have to be either absorbed by us or our customers or a combination of the two.    Mr. McAvoy. Do you want a specific number?    Mr. McAvoy. It would all depend on what kind of scrubber or whatever we put in. There are different options.    Davis might be able to answer that since you have been running one. How much more did that add to your cost?    Mr. McAvoy. The EPA's numbers have a lot of assumptions that we have problems with. You know, they are just doing a guess. They don't have the exact data. We feel that we have better data and that the cost will be higher than what they project.    Mr. McAvoy. It would greatly affect it because we probably couldn't obtain the loan and even if we were able to structure it in such a way that we could make payments, the cyclical nature of our industry and so forth, you know, would probably cause us to default at some point in time.    Mr. McAvoy. My guess what would happen is the few multinational brick companies that have access to capital and so forth would be there----    Mr. McAvoy . In the market and the small----    Mr. McAvoy. Yes. They wouldn't be made overseas but definitely the profits would be going there.