    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you for having this very, very critical hearing today, and thanks to all of you for being here. I really appreciate this very much.    I am new on this committee, on the larger committee. I am new on the subcommittee, but I have been dealing with these issues, especially in rural Iowa, since I have been in office since 2007. Trying to get my head around all of this. It isn't all that easy, as you might imagine as well, because all of you are kind of coming at this from different angles and what have you. But, you know, clearly, the idea of the smart grid makes a lot of sense. The whole idea of the--of an individual sort of having more control over how they use energy, the amount of energy they use and all, I mean I get my, you know, monthly utility bill, it tells you sort of in a macro-sense how much I have used, but that is not nearly the same as being able to control, you know, time of day and all kinds of things much better than I am able to do now, so I really appreciate that. And I do believe in individuals taking their own responsibility for their decisions.    And we see in Iowa, for example, we do see a lot of wind turbines, you know, at farms, and solar panels powering, you know, hog farms, for example. I mean there is all kinds of stuff like that going on around this country, and around the 24 counties in my congressional district. It is really quite fascinating to see how this is all going. And the local RECs are kind of coming onboard more on solar, and some of these alternative energies as well. So it is really pretty exciting, and I am glad that Mr. McNerney was excited because--I am not quite as excited, but I am excited about all this, and sort of where we can go from here.    You know, Iowa, traditionally, we were a coal State, not unlike parts of Illinois where Congressman Shimkus is from. John L. Lewis, actually, is from Iowa, long ago. But we have made this transition in many ways. I like to remind people that 27.3 percent of our energy in Iowa is wind-generated. We have a heck of a lot of wind energy in Iowa. Now there is big controversy about building a transmission line across the State carrying, you know, energy that is not necessarily generated in Iowa, but in other places, over to other markets to the east of us. But we are really making tremendous progress when it comes to renewables, there is no doubt about that.    But I do want to ask kind of a general question. Anybody wants to answer this. And keeping in mind that if I get--if that takes my time--I want to come back to you, Mr. Kamen, especially the German issue and some things you were talking about, and if I don't get to that then we will do it for the record, if that is OK. Thank you.    So, you know, I am from a rural area. We have a lot of challenges. We have natural disasters. Aligned Energy said they lost 6,000 poles in February of 2007 when we had this massive ice storm. And I guess if you could be as specific as possible, how do we look at making sure that we get sufficient energy--continue to get sufficient energy to the more rural areas in places like Iowa and other places? I know it is a general question, and it is a big challenge to answer that question, but I want to open that up to anyone. You are nodding, Mr. Kamen. I don't want to be preferential here, but you are nodding like you do want to answer that question.    Mr. Loebsack. Right.    Mr. Loebsack. Right.    Mr. Loebsack. Um-hum.    Mr. Loebsack. If I could just skip--I know I kind of opened that up to everybody, but now I am thinking in terms of regulatory framework, making sure that we integrate some of these things into, you know, the generation and provision of power to folks, because it was mentioned, you know, we have to have the right regulatory framework, right policy, right regulatory approach. What is that approach? I think you were saying--talking about that, Mr. Nahi.    Mr. Loebsack. Um-hum.    Mr. Loebsack. OK.    Mr. Loebsack. Right.    Mr. Loebsack. Right.    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you. And, Mr. Chair, thank you. And I am going to pursue this with you, Mr. Nahi, more after this, and also Mr. Kamen on the German issue, if I may. Thank you. Thank you.