    Ms. Grover. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and other members and staff. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss TSA's oversight of passenger and airport worker screening effectiveness.    Screening systems must work properly to deliver the security protections that they promise. Over several years GAO has found weaknesses in TSA's oversight of its screening systems, raising questions about whether TSA is falling short in its ability to ensure aviation security. TSA has taken some steps to improve oversight of these systems, but additional actions are needed.    Today I will focus on four areas. First, a Secure Flight program which matches passenger information against Federal Government watch lists to ensure that those who should not fly or should receive enhanced screening are identified. Second, AIT systems, which are the full body scanners that are used to screen passengers for prohibited items at the checkpoint. Third, the Managed Inclusion screening process which TSA uses to provide expedited screening to passengers who were not previously identified as low risk; and, fourth, criminal history checks done to vet airport workers.    Regarding Secure Flight, we found in September 2014 that TSA did not have timely and reliable information about the extent or causes of system matching errors which occur when Secure Flight fails to identify passengers who were actual matches to the watch list. In response to our recommendation, TSA has developed a mechanism to keep track of the known matching errors, and they are considering methods to evaluate overall Secure Flight matching accuracy rates on an ongoing basis.    Regarding AIT, we found in March 2014, that TSA did not include information about screener performance when they were evaluating AIT effectiveness. Rather, TSA's assessment was limited to the accuracy of the AIT systems in the laboratory. However, after an AIT identifies a potential threat, a screening officer must do a targeted pat down to resolve the alarm. Thus, the accuracy of the screeners in conducting their pat downs properly and identifying all threat items is key to understanding the effectiveness of the AIT systems in the airport operating environment.    DHS concurred with our recommendation to measure AIT effectiveness as a function of both the technology and the screening officers who operate it but has not yet fully addressed the recommendation.    Similarly, in December 2014, we found that TSA had not tested the security effectiveness of the Managed Inclusion system as it functions as a whole. As part of Managed Inclusion, TSA uses multiple layers of security, as you noted in your opening Statements, such as explosive detection devices and canines, to mitigate the inherent risk that's associated with screening randomly selected passengers in a system that was specifically designed for low-risk passengers. However, if the security layers are not working as intended, then TSA may not be sufficiently screening passengers. As you noted, TSA has tested the individual layers of security used in Managed Inclusion and has reported finding them effective, although GAO has raised concerns about the effectiveness of some of these layers such as behavior detection officers. At the time of our report, TSA was planning to complete testing of the Managed Inclusion system by mid-2016.    Finally, regarding TSA's involvement in airport worker vetting, we found in December 2011 that the criminal history information available to TSA and airports for background checks was limited. Specifically, TSA's level of access to FBI criminal history records was excluding many State records. In response to our recommendation, TSA and the FBI confirmed that there was a risk of incomplete information, and the FBI has since reported expanding the criminal history records information that is available to TSA for these security threat assessments.    In conclusion, TSA has made progress in improving its screening oversight such as by taking steps to understand the vulnerabilities in the Secure Flight program, and by working with the FBI to obtain access to more complete criminal background information. Yet more work remains to ensure that Secure Flight, AIT, and Managed Inclusion are working as TSA intends.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, this concludes my Statement. I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir, that's correct and----    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir.    Ms. Grover. Well, the system in that case actually worked as TSA intended for it to work. That's my understanding.    Ms. Grover. She was not on the watch list.    Ms. Grover. Well, the last data that I saw was almost half were receiving expedited screening in one form or another.    Ms. Grover. Right.    Ms. Grover. Thank you. We would be happy to do that. Right now the background check for individuals who sign up for PreCheck are conducted by TSA, and it includes a criminal background check, a check on immigration status, and a third aspect of the check, and that's against the terrorist screening data base. And so I'd be interested in talking with your staff about the specific work you'd like to do in terms of opportunities to expand that.    Ms. Grover. Well, I guess the 2009 attack would probably be the last significant one.    Ms. Grover. And that was an attempt to take down an airline. It was the gentleman that was bringing explosives on to the plane, and that was stopped on the plane. And in response to that, TSA put additional systems in place to be able to detect nonmetallic explosives, and they also started expanding the watch lists. But as part of our work we have found that there are weaknesses in the ability of the current systems to be able to identify even all of the people who are on the watch list. In fact, there are still errors in that. We also have work that has exposed weaknesses in the AIT systems and TSA's knowledge of how well they work; so there is still work to be done.    Ms. Grover. I would answer your question by saying that I think TSA is overemphasizing getting the programs up and running and underemphasizing evaluating their effectiveness, regardless of whether we're talking about technology solutions or other solutions.    Ms. Grover. You know, TSA is open to different options, and they put different strategies in place; but creativity is not helpful if TSA doesn't have evidence to show it works.    Ms. Grover. So I'm not sure exactly how many supervisors there are, sir. That would be a better question for TSA.    Ms. Grover. So we haven't looked specifically at the question of whether or not there is too much in the supervisory area. But we did do a report in 2013 that looked specifically at the issue of misconduct and found that there were about 9,600 misconduct cases that were adjudicated by TSA over a 3-year period, and at that point the total personnel was about 56,000.    Ms. Grover. Total personnel was about 56,000 I believe at that point, and so I would say there is certainly a need for some supervision.    Ms. Grover. Sure. The largest category of misconduct was attendance and leave issues, so essentially being absent from work without prior approval or extensive tardiness. The second category of misconduct was screening and security errors. That counted for a full fifth, 20 percent of those roughly 10,000 misconduct cases; and those would be instances where the SOPs were not followed, such as screeners allowing individuals or their bags to bypass screening or where TSOs were bypassing the equipment check, so those are types of misconduct cases that could lead to a degradation of security.    Ms. Grover. I don't know if that necessarily translates to a need for additional supervisors.    Ms. Grover. But certainly, yes, there is room for addressing those issues.in Washington, DC. within the close proximity making on average $104,000 apiece, pretty hefty overhead, wouldn't you say?    Ms. Grover. Thank you, sir. I am not familiar with the exact numbers. Those sound right to me.    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir. In earlier work that we did looking at perimeter security issues, what we found is that TSA had not been able to do a complete risk assessment because they weren't sufficiently assessing the vulnerability of different airports. They have since made steps in that area and we do have a review underway now to look at that issue.    The other thing, the other issue that I would raise to TSA is a question about whether or not they are making adequate use of the data that they have. They do require airports to report all incidents to TSA, but when we looked at that data set previously we found that it wasn't organized or reported in a way that TSA could specifically identify how many of those incidents were related to perimeter or access breaches. Again, they have made some changes and so we'll be able to report back in the future on whether they are able to analyze that data.    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir, that's correct.    Ms. Grover. If they apply for PreCheck, then yes, then they are checked against the criminal background information.    Ms. Grover. Sir, I'm not actually sure if that's true for PreCheck. I do know that's the case for the aviation workers at the airport, that there is no followup background check, and I believe the same thing applies to PreCheck as well.    Ms. Grover. No, sir.    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir, that's right.    Ms. Grover. So the Secure Flight system, the first thing that it does is it's used to identify individuals who are on the watch list. And we know that sometimes that there are errors there, that Secure Flight doesn't always identify people on those high-risk watch lists. So after that set of identifications is done and those people are tagged, then the remaining passengers are also screened to see if they are a known low-risk traveler, and that's the way that they are then identified for PreCheck.    And then there's another tier where there's some automated assessments done where people can get additional PreCheck, that's how come sometimes PreCheck shows up on your boarding pass even if you haven't signed up for it in advance.    Ms. Grover. We've recommended that TSA should have a new performance measure in place so that they can keep track on an ongoing basis of how well Secure Flight is doing actually identifying everyone on those Federal watch lists. And they are working on it, but that is not in place yet.    Ms. Grover. Well, that issue would be most relevant, say, at the airport when individuals are being selected, say for Managed Inclusion. And the TSOs are supposed to use like iPads that have randomizers in there, so there should be some protection from profiling there. But there have been questions raised about the behavior detection officers over many years about whether profiling could be factoring into their decisions, and they are part of that Managed Inclusion process.    Ms. Grover. So with respect to PreCheck enrollees, the only recurrent check is that they would be checked against the Federal watch list every time, but not for criminal background. And as far as aviation workers, it's basically the same thing. They are checked regularly against the Federal watch lists. Although TSA has recently announced that they are going to start redoing criminal background checks every 2 years. I don't know if that's in place yet.    Ms. Grover. So I can start. I agree with the other panelists that TSA is pressed, just the press of business is difficult. And as airports are operating more and more at capacity, there are some inherent challenges that go along with that. But what I would suggest is that the challenges that TSA faces in improving security across their systems are independent of exactly how many airports we have up and running and exactly whether they are working to capacity, because they are inherent systemwide efforts, and I'd like TSA to spend some more time focusing on how well their systems are working.    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir.    Ms. Grover. What TSA has told us is that they have an effectiveness study underway and they expect to have results toward the latter half of 2016. I believe specifically they are evaluating the role of the behavior detection officers and K-9, the K-9 teams as part of that.    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir, if I may. TSA does take the position that it is the airport's responsibility to decide how their perimeter will be secured. What TSA does is they come in and they check--they do a paper check essentially to say given what the airport has decided to put in place for the perimeter, does that match up with the requirements? And then they also do an annual compliance inspection where they actually observe to make sure that those measures are in place. And we do have a study underway now to do an assessment of what is going on.    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir.    Ms. Grover. Yes. Yes, sir, there are regulations, and then TSA issues security directives, for example, that lay out sort of at a high level what the requirements need to be to secure the perimeter. And then at each individual airport, the airport decides exactly how they are going to meet that requirement.    Ms. Grover. Right. So it could be a fence or maybe the airport would say, well, we don't really need a fence because we have a body of water there. So then TSA comes in and they review that airport's security program. That's a paper review where TSA basically says, check, check, check, check, check. OK, yes, we think it's reasonable that you are securing your perimeter in all of these ways. And then once a year TSA also comes in and does a compliance inspection where they say walk--they walk the perimeter and they confirm is the fence there and does it have holes in it.    Ms. Grover. That is the airport's responsibility to monitor.    Ms. Grover. So there are definite vulnerabilities, and we have identified them before, and we have called out to TSA and let them know that we didn't think that they had sufficient vulnerability assessments in place to check on the airports. So that's part of the issue we are going to be looking at again right now, and we would be happy to report back to you on it.    Ms. Grover. So as soon as the badge has been reported lost or missing, then the airport should deactivate it immediately. It's my understanding that there's a threshold of 5 percent. So once 5 percent of the badges for any particular area have been reported as missing, then the airport is responsible for reissuing all of the badges to all the employees who have access in that area.    Ms. Grover. So we have not done a specific review of how well the tracking process is working, but I can tell you generally that the way it works is that the airports are required to do a 100 percent audit of the badges once a year. That's a paper exercise, so it involves the airport taking a list of all of the badges that have been issued and checking it up against the contractor lists to say, do our lists still match? And then twice a year they do an additional 10 percent random sample, that's also a paper exercise. And TSA's responsibility is to come behind and make sure that the airport has done their job in doing those checks.    Ms. Grover. We agree that there are vulnerabilities in the system that definitely need to be addressed.    Ms. Grover. Yes, sir.