    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And.    I'm going to be like Ms. Lee and ask you a lot of questions because there's a lot on my mind.    Attorney General Lynch. I'm sorry, sir, I can't hear you.    Mr. Cohen. I said, I'm going to ask you a lot of questions because there's a lot on my mind and we have limited time.    In July a young man named Darrius Stewart was shot and killed by Memphis police. He was a passenger in a motor vehicle stopped for a traffic citation. Yet he was asked to get out of the car, they looked at him, they put him in the car, a tussle occurred, he was shot and killed. The DA asked the grand jury to indict for voluntary manslaughter. The grand jury chose not to. How that was presented, who knows, obviously not as well as a ham sandwich could have been presented.    I've asked the Department of Justice to look into it. Your first response is you'd monitor the case. Now that the case has gone through the grand jury process and not gotten the result that the DA wanted, I would like to ask, as I've asked in writing before, for the Department of Justice to look into this case and see if civil rights violations may have occurred.    Attorney General Lynch. I would like to have my staff reach out to you and get that information, sir.    Mr. Cohen. Are you familiar with the case?    Attorney General Lynch. I am not currently familiar with the case, although we have a number of similar matters under review.    Mr. Cohen. Well, I hope you will become familiar because it's a situation that many people in the city of Memphis, including myself, feel was a miscarriage of justice, equal to any of those others in the United States. And for some reason it hasn't risen to the radar of the United States Attorney General and I hope it will.    The DEA took a 2015 National Drug Assessment Summary, and at that particular summary or study most agents said marijuana was like at 5 percent in total risk to society and meth and heroin were the most serious drugs challenging them and the American people. Do you agree that we should spend more time, our law enforcement, working against meth, heroin, and opiates and not marijuana?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I think that with respect to our narcotic laws what we try and do both throughout the entire Department of Justice and at the DEA is focus on the specific problem in a specific region and devote resources to that.    We currently have a crisis regarding heroin use and opiod abuse in the country and some communities have been consumed by that particular problem. There are, unfortunately, some communities that still have problems with methamphetamine, so there might be a different focus on the type of drugs, depending upon the issue.    Mr. Cohen. Right, but marijuana is not a place--marijuana is not where cities have people needing marijuana and knocking off 7-Elevens to get some money to buy their marijuana. They're doing that for meth and heroin. Is that not right?    Attorney General Lynch. Certainly we have seen violence associated with meth, with heroin, with prescription drugs as well. The type of violence associated with the marijuana trade typically occurs at the dealer level, at the import level, and I certainly have seen cases where there's been significant violence at that level.    Mr. Cohen. There is. And the reason there is that violence is because, just like prohibition, we made it illegal. It's not because of the marijuana and the need to have it on the street level basis where people need to commit violence to get money to buy a drug. It's because we did the same mistake with marijuana that we did in the twenties with alcohol. The public demanded it, the racketeers, the criminals got involved. We made them rich and they used guns to protect their properties. That was a mistake.    Do you agree marijuana should not be Schedule 1 in the same category as LSD and heroin?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, with respect to the issue of scheduling, that is typically determined based on whether or not there is another use for the product. And I think that there would have to be studies by the FDA, among others, to determine whether or not a scheduling change in any drug is necessary.    Mr. Cohen. But don't you agree that you have to change the scheduling from 1 to get the studies? I mean, there are lots of young people, like one of my constituents, Chole Grauer, who died waiting for the opportunity to get Charlotte's Web; lots of people who'd like to get cannabinoids. You could talk to Montel Williams and what it does for Multiple Sclerosis or any number of cancer patients who it helps with nausea or allows them to eat and have an appetite.    Don't you agree, unlike Chuck Rosenberg, that medical marijuana is something serious and should be looked at as an aid to people in our society to get through difficult problems and not considered a joke?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, certainly the issue of medical marijuana is significantly different from the criminal enforcement or use of marijuana. And certainly the Department supports the FDA's studies in the use of cannabidiols or the substance within marijuana that have been shown to have efficacy.    Mr. Cohen. We're about to run out of time. I hate to cut you off. I would hope you would look into initiating, which you can, taking it off the Schedule 1. It's crazy to have it with LSD and heroin, and it should not be there and it should be studied.    RFRA has been used to allow groups to discriminate against LGBT people, and it has been based on a 2007 DOJ Office of Legal Counsel opinion that said RFRA could be used to grant exemptions to Federal discrimination laws governing Federal programs. Will you commit today to instruct the Office of Legal Counsel to review and reconsider the 2007 OLC legal opinion that's being used today to justify taxpayer-funded discrimination counter to the President's executive order?    Attorney General Lynch. I would like to look into that issue. If I could have my staff reach out to you and get more information on that, I would appreciate that.    Mr. Cohen. On that same issue, holdovers from the Bush team--there was a hold over from Bush in the commutation office for 6 years. That's why the President got hardly got any recommendations for commutations. Can I have a commitment from you to give more resources to people to study prison records and to facilitate the sending expeditiously recommendations to the President for commutations of the thousands of people whose sentences should be commuted who are serving time for long-term drug offenses, nonviolent drug offenses, that aren't serving the American people by having them be in Federal prison?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, over the last 18 months the Department has in fact taken a significant look at the staffing and resource needs of the Office of the Pardon Attorney and sought to provide additional resources so that every application that comes through, whether before pardon or clemency, can be considered quickly and efficiently.    Mr. Cohen. But it hasn't done that. And let me remind you what Dr. King said: Justice delayed is justice denied. Every single one of those people serving a day in prison who will eventually get a recommendation is having their justice delayed and denied.