    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I'd like to discuss the motion that was approved at the January 28 public meeting convened by the CSB in Richmond, California. Eighteen of the agency's orders relating to personnel, contracting, budgeting, and general administration of the Board were rescinded, including Board Order 28. Mr. Chairman, is that correct?    Mr. Lieu. OK. The motion eliminated the Board approval regarding the hiring of senior staff, selection of members of the Senior Executive Service, and spending above $50,000. Mr. Griffon, Mr. Engler, is that your understanding as well?    Mr. Lieu. All right. So I'm going to read to you a quote in the National Journal article by William Wright, a former Board member, who Stated, It looks like a takeover of the agency. Early on, the agency had some really rough roads because we were fighting over authority, but we tried to balance that. You're basically now handing it over to one person.    Mr. Griffon, Mr. Engler, would you agree with that statement?    Mr. Lieu. And you agree this is essentially a power grab by the Chairman, correct?    Mr. Lieu. OK.    And, in 2000, the Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel opinion agrees with you, and it States, ``The day-to-day administration of Board matters and execution of Board policies are the responsibilities of the Chairperson subject to Board oversight.''    In addition, the Carden Group, a consulting firm hired by CSB to help agency address internal challenges also believed that Board oversight or governance was critically important. A report from that firm said, Restoring Board governance to ensure functionality to the Board is ultimately--and ultimately at CSB is mandatory.    Mr. Griffon, Mr. Engler, do you agree with both of those statements?    Mr. Lieu. Dr. Moure, you asked earlier--at the beginning of this hearing, you opened up by saying, I will start by frankly acknowledging that a number of members of this committee have been critical of my Chairmanship of the CSB. I was humbled by the message that I heard loud and clear during your hearing 8 months ago in June.    I don't believe you. A person who has been humbled would not, about a month and a half ago, have consolidated power on the Board. When someone's embattled, when someone has shown dysfunctional leadership, they don't consolidate power. That is what dictators do. It's not what public officials in America do.    Mr. Lieu. I do not understand why you would look at taking that action when none of the recommendations of Congressman Waxman or of this committee anywhere would say, hey, we've got a dysfunctional CSB, we've got a chairman that has violated laws and regulations, and the solution to that is for the chairman to consolidate power. That makes absolutely no sense.    Mr. Lieu. No. I will ask you a question, and then you can answer.    Mr. Lieu. Are you aware that on February 18 there was an explosion at the Torrance ExxonMobil refinery in my district? That's a question to you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lieu. And what are you all doing about it?    Mr. Lieu. And what's a timeline for that?    Mr. Lieu. And then have you shared what your conclusions were after 24 hours?    Mr. Lieu. OK. I will followup with the CSB on that issue.    And then let me close by saying that, again, I am deeply troubled not only by your desire to consolidate power at the Board but also by the method in which you chose to do so, by intentionally ramming this through even though you had another Board member coming up who could have voted on this.    Mr. Lieu. I yield back.    Mr. Lieu. I think my point has been made. Thank you.