    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today's global economy is largely a digital economy. Thanks to the Internet, massive amounts of data can be sent across the global in an instant, connecting businesses and consumers alike. The ability to easily transmit data at low cost throughout the world has spurred tremendous innovation and fostered significant economic growth. But various countries have erected barriers to the free flow of data across borders. Some of these restrictions are intended to stifle dissent and free speech. Some are purely protectionist in nature, or some are for other policy reasons, such as protecting the privacy of a country's citizens.    Today's hearing presents a good opportunity to examine what rules should govern the international flow of data, and what role the United States can play in establishing and enforcing these policies.    When we talk about cross-border data flow, it could be something as simple as someone in a New York office of a multi-national bank and emailing a colleague in the bank's Hong Kong office. It could also be someone sitting in Paris accessing their Facebook account, or logging onto iTunes and downloading movies and songs contained on American servers.    But it also has much more complex applications. Cloud computing allows businesses and consumers to store data and service that could be located anywhere in the world. And some global businesses gather data across their worldwide operations to a centralized location where it can be analyzed to better stream their supply chain or improve service to their customers.    Companies of every shape and size, and across nearly every industry, rely on data that crosses international borders at some point along its journey. That is why it's important that we carefully examine any restrictions that might impede the free flow of data.    Some restrictions, like those that block access to social media or filter out political dissent, are clearly improper, and threaten the human rights of those countries and citizens. America should continue to lead the world in opposing oppressive regimes that stifle the freedom of their people.    Other restrictions, like those requiring a company to process data domestically, or to locate certain infrastructure in-country, are often intended to bolster domestic companies. Many of these restrictions can be removed in the context of trade agreements.    But I have been a persistent critic of some such agreements, in part, because of their devastating impact on American jobs, and we should tread carefully in the digital realm before we make some of the same mistakes we have made with physical goods.    More complicated to address the limitations on data flow, the countries impose to advance other policy goals, like privacy protection. Finding the right balance between protecting the needs of American businesses, respecting the legitimate policies of other Nations, and to ensure that other countries respect ours is not an easy task. That was made clear by the recent decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union to invalidate the U.S. EU Safe Harbor framework. This important agreement enabled more than 4,000 American businesses to transfer the personal data of EU citizens to the United States if the company certify that they would comply with certain adequacy requirements to protect personal privacy.    The court, however, determined, in part, that because the Safe Harbor scheme only applies to companies and not public authorities, there was not adequate protection for EU citizens from U.S. surveillance activities, and the entire agreement was, therefore, invalidated.    The court also found that EU citizens do not have sufficient remedies under U.S. law if their privacy rights after a transfer are violated.    The gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Sensenbrenner, and the distinguished Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers, deserve great credit for working to address the second issue by drafting the Judicial Redress Act, which will provide important privacy protections for EU citizens under U.S. law.    The Judicial Redress Act has already passed the House, and I hope the Senate will take it up shortly. I also appreciate the U.S. Department of Commerce, which is hard at work negotiating a new Safe Harbor Agreement. I hope a new agreement is reached soon, but I also hope that Congress will view this incident as a wake-up call.    The USA Freedom Act took an important step in curtailing surveillance activities, but we should go much further in strengthening our privacy protections. It should not take a European court to prod us into protecting our own citizens.    To ensure that businesses have the flexibility they need, while consumers have the protections they deserve, the United States must work with its partners in the global community to set clear standards governing cross-border data flow. I look forward to discussing what these standards ought to be with our esteemed panel of witnesses today, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Atkinson, in your testimony, you urge the U.S. to lead on reform of government access to data, so that other Nations do not have an excuse to restrict cross-border data flows. You also note that after the Edward Snowden revelations about the U.S. Government's expansive intrusive surveillance programs, a number of countries pulled data out of the U.S., and imposed restrictions on the flow of data to this country.    Can you describe the impact that the Snowden revelations had on American companies? And can you expand on what sorts of reforms we should put in place, if we lead on reform, as I agree we must?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. And as you know, FBI Director Comey and other law enforcement officials have argued that the government must maintain a backdoor into technology, and have opposed strong encryption measures. Do you think that would be a mistake? And if so, why?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. My last question to you, and I think for this series is, as you explained in your testimony, support for free trade and data does not mean we must allow the free flow of illegal content like child pornography or email stem or pirate creations and other banned products. But what if two countries have different standards of what is illegal or objectionable? You may have a country that thinks political dissent is objectionable, but pirated movies are perfectly acceptable. Even in a less extreme case, countries may treat certain content differently under the law. How should countries determine what data should be permitted to flow freely between them in cases of disagreement on these standards?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you very much.