for now attacks in New York and Washington, DC.    The administration has promised a strategy to counter online radicalization. That was in 2011. Four years later, we are still waiting on the strategy.    Not only that, we need to find better ways to deprive ISIS of their money. Their reign of terror is a result of having money to kill folks. Last year alone, ISIS made over $1 billion. They get money from ransom, killing endangered species in Africa, big dollar donors in the Middle East, taxing of locals that they control, and of course blood oil.    We need to start implementing a winning strategy against ISIS. Are we waiting to take the gloves off until ISIS commits a crime in the United States? It appears to me that we are on the defense, not the offense, when it comes to eliminating     The first step toward a better strategy is acknowledging the one that we have now is really not enough. So we must be honest with ourselves, and we must do everything possible.    The bottom line is, it is our obligation to protect the American people. Continuing to believe in a policy that doesn't fit the bill will continue to endanger us all. So what is the plan? What is the road to defeating ISIS?    And I will now yield to the ranking member for his opening comments.    Mr. Keating. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing. I would like to thank our witnesses for being here.    As we conduct today's hearing it is important to keep in our minds first and foremost the victims and their families of these attacks in all the countries. I am the cochair of the French Caucus in the House. Just a few months ago, I was in Paris talking to counterterrorism officials and other officials who have worked very hard and were very aggressive in trying to deal with terrorist issues there, and still it just shows once again that these terrible events can occur despite how hard you work to prevent them from occurring.    And the title of the hearing asks whether the attacks in Paris represent a strategic shift in Daesh or ISIL. It clearly does. I am interested in our witnesses' perspectives on this question and hope that we will be able to have an informative discussion.    Whether or not they signal a major strategic shift--I think they do--however, the Paris attacks, together with the recent bombings in Beirut and the bombing of the Russian Metrojet in Egypt demonstrate an escalation of ISIL's or Daesh's terrorist activities outside of its bases for power in Iraq and Syria.    This is a concerning development, to say the least, one that has been met with a range of reactions from France and Turkey and Russia and the United States. What remains clear is that the United States and our international partners must work and communicate on all fronts to defeat ISIL.    ISIL is a unique threat because it is a global terrorist organization. Because it is, they have an apocalyptic view. And certainly it is a concern because they are translating that into significant territory. Its occupation provides substantial revenue through theft, extortion, taxation, and attracts foreign fighters drawn to the cause and supporting the supposed caliphate.    To defeat ISIL, we need to continue to assist our allies militarily to reverse the territorial gains made by ISIL, and we are making progress in this area. However, while ISIL suffers territorial losses in Iraq and Syria, it may ask to increasingly lash out at its enemies outside of the immediate region.    And in the longer term, however, according to its ideology, ISIL needs to control its territory to justify its existence. And ISIL, without significant territory, would be severely weakened.    But it is important to keep in mind that countering ISIL will require much more than military force. For example, we must do more to cut off ISIL's supply of money and manpower by more effectively countering terrorist recruitment, terrorist travel, and terrorist financing. We also need to work to counter ISIL's expanding influence beyond Iraq and Syria into its so-called provinces of Egypt, Libya, Nigeria, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, as well as other locations in Africa and Asia. And it is critical that we enhance and share counterterrorism intelligence and information with and among our international partners, particularly our European allies who are geographically closer to the Middle East and have seen greater numbers of foreign fighters travel to Iraq and Syria.    Ultimately, we also need to identify and address the root causes of why so many predominantly young adults are prepared to kill themselves in support of such a savage and morally bankrupt cause.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today about this threat post-Paris and how the United States and its partners can work together to mitigate and eventually overcome this threat.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Keating. Well, thank you. Maybe we can do other rounds too. I will try and stay within that timeframe.    But, Mr. Weiss, the gentleman that you interviewed in Istanbul that fled ISIS, you must have asked him why specifically he left. Could you enlighten us with that story?    Mr. Keating. But why did he make that choice after 2 months?    Mr. Keating. Why did he initially join?    Mr. Keating. Now, his story about why he left, do we have enough people telling that story?    What do you think, Mr. Sanderson.    Mr. Keating. So it is very difficult to get out.    Mr. Keating. How common is it that they are killing--I know they take people's passports usually right off the bat if they are coming from----    Mr. Keating. Do they kill a lot of these people if they try to escape, make examples of them?    Mr. Keating. Thank you very much. I will yield back to our new chair.    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank all of you.    We have just scratched the surface of all these issues, but it was important to do because I think it demonstrated how complex this is. And simplistic solutions that some people offer can be counterproductive.    One of the dynamics I learned, and I don't have an answer, I think in hearings like this sometimes you walk away with more questions, which is good. But the narrative that if we are just there and have more of a military presence on the ground that suddenly Sunni Arabs are going to feel we have their back and they are going to all of a sudden come up in arms and join us, I don't think it is that simple, based on what Mr. Weiss was talking about. There are other alternatives besides us, like al-Nusra. They are there. And it is not that simple.    I will leave one thought that we didn't get into that I think, with all of the complexities of what will be challenges, there is one thing that we can really--not us, but our allies in Europe can do--they can start taking passenger name records for their own security. They can start checking more than 30 percent of the people at the Schengen exterior border.    I know there are different laws and different privacy laws in those countries. Yet, I would hope that in the wake of the terrible tragedy, the second terrible tragedy in France, that maybe those things can be changed. And they should be things that change immediately. I hope that happens. At every opportunity, I am going to continue to press my European colleagues to do that. It has languished since 2013, the bill to deal with the passenger name records.    So I hope they can move forward on this. They will help their own security. I understand and respect their sovereignty. But they also by making these changes help keep us more secure here as well.    So I thank all of you for--this is a very good hearing and all of you were great contributors to do that.    So I want to thank our witnesses and yield back.