    Mr. Sazegara. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, subcommittee members.    During the last three and a half decades, the Iranian people have bitterly experienced suppression of their fundamental freedoms and rights and witnessed brutal crackdowns of pro-freedom movements in Iran. I deeply regret to say that extensive and systematic violations of human rights, persecutions, unfair trials, unfounded imprisonments, tortures, rapes, and extrajudicial executions still continue despite the pledges Mr. Rouhani had made to change this trend during his election campaign in 2013.    Regardless of some rare cosmetic and non-systemic release of a dozen of well-known prisoners in 2013 and 2014, the human rights abuses have not only continued but also increased in many respects, including but not limited to imprisonment of human rights activists, journalists, bloggers, university students and teachers, workers, ethnic and religious minorities, and political opposition.    In 2014, the cases of arrest, detention, and imprisonment of activists illustrate a 74-percent increase as compared to 2013. This average increase comprises 53 percent increase in ethnic minorities cases, 10 percent in religious, 93 percent students, 410 percent freedom of expression and conscience, and 354 percent in labor activists cases.    Another human rights violation in Iran includes persistent and pervasive assault on women on a continued basis under the pretext of disrespecting hijab, education and employment segregation, and being banned from appearing on stage for musical performances.    Torture of political prisoners continues to coerce fabricated confessions that are then used to justify brutal crackdowns. According to first hand reports received from former political prisoners, the main methods of torture include whipping and assault, sexual torture including rape, and psychological torture such as prolonged solitary confinement. These reports are also in conformity with the reports by Dr. Shaheed, the U.N. Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Iran.    Execution in Iran has increased from 544 known cases in 2012 to more than 800 known cases in 2014, it being the highest per capita rate in the world. The numbers are however suspected to be higher since many of these executions are carried out in secret and the regime has consistently refrained from releasing numbers and denied the U.N. Special Rapporteur's access to the country.    These are only examples of a range of human rights violation categories. Such extensive and systematic violations of human rights should not come as a surprise. Despite talk of moderation, Rouhani has indulged impunity and rewarded the perpetrators of such grave abuses. His present Justice Minister Mr. Pourmohammadi who played, as a member of the notorious ``death committee,'' a key role in the 1988 prison massacre, has been appointed by this very ``moderate'' government.    In the end, I cordially submit that a standing subcommittee be formed under the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa in order to monitor and take all the necessary measures to draw the world's attention to the grave human rights abuses in Iran. Enclosed I have submitted the first two proposals to be put on the docket of this subcommittee. Thank you very much.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes.    Mr. Sazegara. I was one of the founders of the Revolutionary Guard and one of the writers of the Charter of Revolutionary Guard in the first 3 months of victory of revolution, and then I left the guard and went to the National Radio and Television of Iran. But I followed the changes in the Revolutionary Guard during the last 36 years.    Right now the Revolutionary Guard is, I believe, a kind of unique organization and maybe all around the world, because at the same time Revolutionary Guard is like a political party, a terrorist organization, a mafia group involved in the smuggling of drugs, alcoholic beverages, sex traffic in Iran, and a complex holding company. It owns several companies, huge manufacturing and trading companies of Iran. And its intelligence organization which directly works under command of son of the Ayatollah, the leader of Iran, is more brutal than Ministry of Intelligence and more powerful.    So a part of at least the most important part of the nuclear project of Iran is controlled by the Revolutionary Guard as well. Besides that I think that especially these coming years, I mean 2015 and 2016, because of illness of the leader, the political competition in Iran amongst several factions especially inside the Revolutionary Guard will be increased. And for this simple reason, as a political activist I am really, really afraid of more brutality, more separation of the people during this year and the year after.    And the economic crisis which has been created not only because of the sanctions, more than the sanctions are mismanagement and oil price, which has been decreased about 60 percent, and several other factors will affect several aspects of Iranian people on this year.    And again, riots, strikes, protests of workers, of teachers, I believe that we will suffer brutality by Revolutionary Guard this year and the year after. I want to add----    Mr. Sazegara. Yes.    Mr. Sazegara. As you know, the Quds Force of Revolutionary Guard, which has about 14,000 members, is the special division of Revolutionary Guard which is in charge of out-of-Iran operations. I think that because of the internal affairs of Iran, the Quds Force of Revolutionary Guard will increase the out-of-Iran operations and adventurism in the region.    And I say adventurism because they know from the period of war between Iran and Iraq that in crisis and military situation and in out-of-Iran crisis they can have the upper hand in internal politics. For instance, recently the missile platforms in Golan Heights, which were attacked by Israelis and destroyed, as far as I know there are several projects like that in the whole region, or assassination of some prominent opposition figures outside Iran by new methods that they hire some thugs to attack them just by knives or daggers or something like that, the example that happened in Jerusalem 2 or 3 months ago, or other crises.    I mean I expect for the year coming acceleration of out-of-Iran operations, terrorist operations, and creating some conflicts too because of, especially because of the internal competitions in Iran.    Mr. Sazegara. And they know that in such situations they become more powerful in internal politics if they say that yes we are involved in Iraq. This is the war over there in Yemen, with Israel, especially with Israel, in the border of Israel, or Hezbollah Lebanon involvement in some battles against Israel or several others that, other operations that they have done so far. They can have the upper hand in internal politics as well.    I want to add to Mr. Arya's that as far as I know, Mr. Kerry has agreed with Mr. Zarif to put any human rights issue off the table. That is what, at the first terms of the rounds of negotiations Zarif has said that if you bring any human rights issue on the table, then Ayatollah Khamenei will order us to leave the table. So they have confidence that there will be no pressure----    Mr. Sazegara. Yes.    Mr. Sazegara. Iranians watch the U.S. policies through some windows like Voice of America, and unfortunately on these days they don't hear anything even from Voice of America. And the regime sells the idea to the people that see, we have behind a curtain----    Mr. Sazegara. We have the agreement and nobody can help you. You look at that. There is nothing to say about that.    Mr. Sazegara. According to the Constitution of Islamic Republic, President is the head of the executive power. And judiciary power is controlled by the leader, the head of judiciary power is appointed by the leader, and all the judges and prosecutors are appointed by that head.    And Rouhani just theoretically doesn't have so much power to change some parts of these human rights abuses in Iran, but at least he can do something. For instance, changing his Minister of Justice, a notorious killer, a notorious person to violate human rights and in charge of massacre, or he can put pressure on keeping the freedom of press in Iran, because the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance is in charge of the press and it is controlled by Rouhani, but he doesn't do that. Or changing the situation, for instance, in Iranian universities with respect to teachers' associations, labor associations, but he has not done anything with respect to these parts.    He can do something to help the civil society of Iran to confront the suppression of the rights of the people of Iran, but so far he has not done anything. And even he has not said anything about the home arrest of the leaders of Green Movement of Iran or the other political prisoners.    So I believe that some parts of the violations has happened by the hands of the Minister of Intelligence, while the Minister of Intelligence is a member of the cabinet. So I think that yes, although he is not directly in charge of the judiciary power, he can do many things by the tools that he has in the executive power, by the people, by the civil society of Iran and support at least the basic freedoms of people of Iran, but he has not done anything.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes, yes, definitely.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes, I can mention several cases including my case. I was in confines for 79 days. I was on a long hunger strike. And 800 students were arrested with me when they arrested me including my son who was a university student in those days. And international pressure was really, really effective to release not only me but all those students.    And I think that more than just telling, and just by statements of that, something like Helsinki Accord, something which happened that put real pressure on the Communist bloc. Right now the sanctions has worked. They have brought the regime to the negotiation table. If we can use at least a part of these sanctions targeted to human rights, I believe, at least the people who are in charge of the violation of human rights in Iran be under sanction, I think that it works. And the letter soon will send the right signal to the people of Iran that the international community is concerned and puts real pressure on this regime.    Mr. Sazegara. As far as I know about Jason Rezaian, he has been kept in a confined cell and under pressure for TV confessions. And they have taped a TV confession from him that he is an agent of CIA and the secret services, and he has----    Mr. Sazegara. Yes. And the Revolutionary Guard has done that. And he has confessed that one of the relatives of Rouhani in his office has helped him and his connection, so they have made something out of his confessions to put pressure on Rouhani for internal clashes in the regime.    So I know that Jason Rezaian is just a journalist and has not done anything, but this is what they do, how they behave. This is what they call it to make a scenario out of any political prisoner. So they have a TV confession from him, and I doubt that they finish this case easily unless you have a very, very heavy pressure on the regime.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes.    Mr. Sazegara. Both.    Mr. Sazegara. Better to say that everybody on those days, the majority of the people, 35 million Iranian population those days, everybody was eager to have a revolution, an ideological revolution. At least the university educated people like me, we didn't think that an Islamic regime would be based on Sharia and the Mullahs would get all the power.    In those days we were affected by leftists, and a version of Islam that I can call a revolutionary, ideological version of Islam was dominant in the Islamic movement and was effective to mobilize the people against Shah. But gradually after victory of revolution, the Mullahs got the upper hand by of course the leader of revolution, Ayatollah Khomenei who was a Grand Ayatollah. And gradually other factions of anti-Shah movement were dismissed, were suppressed, were massacred, during one decade. So anybody who didn't agree with them was under pressure.    I personally, the change that, my changes were not only in this part from the theoretical point of view but in action, because for 4 or 5 years I was the head of the biggest industrial complex of Iran which owns about 140 huge manufacturing companies of Iran. And in practice I found out that many policies that we thought to run the country on were wrong as well, so I gradually----    Mr. Sazegara. Yes, I left the regime in 1988.    Mr. Sazegara. It had started from the first decade. The idea of exportation of revolution was born with the revolution, like many other revolutions of course.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes, and especially that several activists of the Islamic Revolution were trained in Lebanon and they lived in Lebanon for several years. And if precisely I can say it had started from an Office of Liberation Movements All Around the World in the Revolutionary Guard in 1981-1982, and gradually it was changed to Quds Corps and later it became Quds Force which were in charge of organizations like Hezbollah in Lebanon.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes. Still I wear this green wristband. On that summer, summer of 2009, I was in Washington, DC, and I was one of the activists of the Green Movement. We had several meetings with the officials of administrations, but yes, you are right. No support. And in those days we didn't know that behind the curtain they are writing some letters to the leader of Iran----    Mr. Sazegara . And some communications. But we didn't get any real support. And besides to that on those days I was on a weekly TV show in Voice of America, a talk show, which was very effective in the movement because we had the connection with the leaders of the movement. Not the leaders, the activists of the movement, and we could give information about the demonstrations, what is going on, and we had real problems in the Voice of America as well. I mean lots of pressure in the Voice of America. And at last that program was stopped.    Mr. Sazegara. Yes, very much. I think that so far Iran has spent billions of dollars in this project and the value of whatever they have produced is just a couple of million dollars. And definitely it is not feasible to produce nuclear energy in Iran. Iran has the biggest supplies of natural gas in the world. Yes, definitely.    Mr. Sazegara. Just like North Korea, nobody will be able to do anything. And that security is twofold. One is from outside threat; one is internal. I certainly believe that they in their minds and in their hearts' calculations they think that if they get the bomb they will be secure from outside threat, and internally if there is a big, huge uprising they can do anything they want without nobody being able to do anything. They can massacre hundreds of thousands of people and nobody will be able to do anything.    So because of all these calculations, otherwise it doesn't make sense that they spend all this time, all this money, enduring all these sanctions that have damaged the Iranian economy to the point of almost collapse, hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars damage to this economy for what? For generating power? It doesn't make sense. They want it for military application. If not they don't want it to make it maybe today or tomorrow, but they want to be so close to it that they will have that option anytime they want and they want to choose.    And that is a security thing in their minds, in the mind of the Supreme Leader and the security apparatus around him, and all the Revolutionary Guard people who are controlling everything in Iran these days. They look at it as an insurance policy that they will use it for saving their own regime. That is----    Mr. Sazegara. I have submitted a proposal, the appendix to my testimony. I kindly ask you to read that. And in that proposal I have suggested to have a standing subcommittee for human rights in Iran to watch very carefully the human rights and show that the Congress of the United States is concerned about the human rights in Iran.    And put pressure on the sources of money of the institutions and the persons who abuse human rights in Iran, who violate human rights in Iran. The first person is the leader and then Revolutionary Guard and several other institutions. Forty percent of Iran's economy is controlled by these organizations.    So Ayatollah Khamenei, the leader, insists that human rights should be off the table of any negotiation. I think Congress can put on the table, if not in this negotiation, the nuclear negotiation, in other commissions and say that okay, these sanctions will not be removed or new sanctions will be regulated in Congress to keep the hands of the suppression groups and forces in Iran off the people in Iran. So I think that this is the real force that they understand and will send a good signal to the people of Iran that the United States is concerned about their rights and their freedoms.