    Mr. Ruppersberger. Yes, Madam Chairman, thank you, and it is good to be back on this committee. It is my first hearing. So I am the rookie.    First thing, I want to thank you all. You can always learn to do better. You know, if you look at the world, the world looks at the United States to protect them from pandemics, terrorism, a lot of issues. And we are good because we have good, trained people.    I want to talk about using technology to help. Ending the Ebola outbreak will continue to demand significant human and financial resources, especially having to identify and monitor Ebola cases in remote areas. You are going to have to project human resources capacity, human resource needs.    Now, I happen to have in my backyard Johns Hopkins University and University of Maryland, who were very active with you in this case. And I want to talk about Johns Hopkins University houses an advanced supercomputer simulation and modeling center. The center has the ability to construct artificial worlds populated by virtual people programmed to respond as people would to real threats, such as infectious diseases like Ebola. The result is a highly visual and spatially realistic window into epidemics dynamics. And by incorporating psychology and human behavior, including contagious fear issues, the center's simulation models can help predict how complex societies and health systems might respond to a given event and what the ripple effects might be as the scenario unfolds.    So my question is, starting with you, Ambassador Browning, do you think modeling, which I am talking about here, as an example the Johns Hopkins' supercomputer that I just talked about, would be useful to predict human future resource needs and where to have future resources available to address flareups or outbreaks, such as the Ebola situation?    Ambassador Browning. I sure hope so.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Let's talk about--where my question is really focusing on, technology, medical modeling, and the supercomputer at Johns Hopkins.    Ambassador Browning. No, I think, as the opening remarks made clear, in the early days in the summer of 2014, the models were all over the place, and they were predicting up to half a million. I have seen one of over a million cases a year if there were no interventions conducted. This was not helpful data for us. I mean, it was the best we had, and we responded with the data that we had, but Ebola virus disease moves around. It is a living, breathing creature, and it was really hard for us to keep a handle on its evolution and its development. So any kind of modeling that can factor in all the multiple factors, particularly the psychology of it--and this is what we are seeing on the ground today. We have got the medicine. We can deal with the medicine, and there are some behavioral changes that will come into play. But when people are afraid of their government, when people run away from healthcare workers, when people are distrustful of outsiders, it makes our job incredibly difficult. So, with hard data that a model like you are talking about, if that could give us more precise information on how to deal with it, that would be superb.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Let me ask you this. Are you familiar with the supercomputer I am talking about at Johns Hopkins?    Ambassador Browning. I am not.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay.    Is anyone here at the table? Then I would suggest that you make contact with them.    Ambassador Browning. Sure.    Mr. Ruppersberger. I think this is innovation that makes us better, and it does the modeling that we are talking about.    Ambassador Browning. Sure.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Including dealing with the issues of fear.    Ambassador Browning. Okay.    Mr. Ruppersberger. I yield back.    Mr. Ruppersberger. I want to get into the issue of Challenge Grants. I know that USAID launched a program in October. It was called Fighting Ebola. It is called A Grand Challenge For Development. I always like to promote my home town and institutions and people there, and let's get back to Johns Hopkins again. They won a grant in constructing a better protection suit. The prototype is designed to do a better job than current garments in keeping health care workers from coming in contact with Ebola patients' contiguous body fluids both during treatment and while removing a soiled suit. In addition, it is expected to keep the wearer cooler, an important benefit in hot, humid regions, such as West Africa.    My questions are, can you talk about these Challenge Grants? If you look at innovation, I think a lot of times the private sector and institutions, such as Johns Hopkins, and University of Maryland Hospital. If they get the proper grants, they have the ability to really come up with some good product, which will help you. Which is what makes us stronger as a country, that relationship between the private sector and government coming together to deal with these problems. My question is, can you talk about the Challenge Grant, how you see them, how as a tool is this better to address epidemics like Ebola, and could you speak as to how Challenge Grants can be used as a general development tool?    Mr. Ruppersberger. I am trying to help you. Leading questions.    Mr. Ruppersberger. The good part about the innovation is it can not only be used for this situation but for many other uses within our country and hopefully throughout the world.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Let me try and make it short.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Getting back to what Chairwoman Granger was talking about and the issue of Egypt and Jordan and our relationship with them. We know Egypt, as an example, 82 million people, we know there are human rights concerns. We also know the United States of America has the best country in the world and a democracy that works, and we want to make sure that we deal with issues of human rights in the countries that are our allies. But Egypt is very critical to the Middle East. They are critical to Israel. They are critical to a lot of our goals and agendas.    I just want to ask this question. We want to export our democracy, but we are going into countries that have thousands of years of traditions. And yet it seems that if they aren't exactly following our model, that we are slow to be involved.    So my question would be, we want to support democratic issues in these countries, but what lessons have we learned, based on what has happened in Egypt especially, by our democracy efforts. In fact, you had the Muslim Brotherhood taking control and the country was almost falling apart. And yet Egypt was trying to take control of their country with all the issues that they were dealing with as far as unrest and terrorism.    Should we act more deftly with those countries, based on their traditions, while trying to influence them with our traditions, and hold back giving them the resources they need to take on ISIS or a terrorism situation?    Mr. Ruppersberger. We need to evaluate that policy. And Sisi said a very positive thing, which I think is important in the Muslim world. He stood up to his mullahs and said that you have to stop this type of radical jihad. That is a good message that we hope the Islamic community will send to the small 1 percent of terrorists that are trying to take the world over.    Mr. Ruppersberger. We are going to come back?    Mr.  Ruppersberger. Sure. Let me get into one issue, and I also want to get into tuberculosis assistance that you have been working on.    The two main concerns, that Congress has with USAID, and I want to say it is an important agency for our country to be able to handle the issues that you do. So it is a very difficult agency, I am sure, to manage because there is also a lot of money.    But you talk about how your priority was going to be management. Let's talk about what your management style will be. A lot of management has to be accountability. Are you going to be using more technology? When you have money you have to make sure that it is spent appropriately, and then come back to us on transparency and accountability.    So let me get into a little bit more detail about your management style and what you plan to do to try to deal with some of the issues that your predecessor has been dealing with. These changes aren't going to happen overnight, believe me, and you do have a good agency. So if you could discuss your management style, I would appreciate it.    Mr.  Ruppersberger. How many employees do you have at     Mr.  Ruppersberger. How many employees do you have at     Mr.  Ruppersberger. I am not complaining about it at all. I think your answer was good. You are only as good as your people. You have to give the people the resources to do the job, hold them accountable, and you have to motivate them too.    But I would like you to just get a little bit more specific, especially as it relates to money. When money comes in you are going to have to have somewhere in your Agency to track the money and then make sure the money is spent wisely and held accountable. Do you have a team that does that?    Mr.  Ruppersberger. Thank you.    Yield back.    Mr. Ruppersberger. First, I want to talk to you about oil prices in Iran and possibly sanctions. It is a widely held view that the falling of oil prices are putting pressure on Iran and Iran cannot repatriate their oil revenues.    But under the Joint Plan of Action, Iran can withdraw $700 million a month from foreign-held reserves. And that being said, it seems Iran's economy is largely insulated from the fall in the price of oil, at least in the near term, and the fall of prices will be insufficient to put new pressure on the Iran regime to accept a good deal.    My question would be: Do you agree with that premise? Could you share your analysis of the real impact of oil prices on the Iran economy.    Secondly, have we seen any indication that oil prices are impacting Iran's decision-making in the ongoing negotiations?    And, finally, given the state of the global energy markets, can countries that are purchasing oil from Iran now find alternative suppliers?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Do you think that is our number one leverage in the negotiations, the sanctions relief, based on their economy?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay. I yield back.    Mr. Ruppersberger. No.    Mr. Ruppersberger. First, Administrator Hogan, my question is about the issue of security. Last fall, the results of a 3-year study from Vanderbilt University--are you are familiar with that study? It talked about the community-level prevention programs that are working in El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Panama.    At the 3-year mark, there were significantly fewer reported robberies and murders and extortion in neighborhoods with a USAID presence, which is great, as compared to the control group of similar communities. Now, residents also reported feeling more secure walking alone at night. And they took measurably more collective action to address crime and the treatment than in control groups. And, again, these are really good signs.    And, as we all know, a good security environment requires a lot of attention to detail, including a strong, independent judiciary, finding law enforcement that are incorruptible. And this Vanderbilt study, which is encouraging, as well, we know that crime also, though, moves to where there is opportunity and a new level.    Now, my questions are basically: In areas without a USAID presence, how are we going to make sure that the security and law enforcement puzzle piece is in place before we spend the $1 billion on development?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay. Good.    Also, one of the points is to build trust between law enforcement and community and to develop local community crime-prevention activities. Can you go into a little detail about those programs? Are they in place now?    Or is that for Secretary Brownfield?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay.    Let me ask you about counternarcotics policies. Do our policies interact with related foreign policy goals of anticorruption, justice-sector reform, and improving the rule of law?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay. Good.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Do international regulatory and legal constraints limit the U.S. counternarcotics policy, potentially, for drug syndicates' foreign safe havens?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Let me ask my final question. What options might be available to prevent such legal safe havens from existing?    Mr. Ruppersberger. Okay. Thanks.    I yield back.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Thank you.    Ambassador, thanks for being here today.    I am going to change to threats worldwide, global threats. And I think one of the most severe threats that we deal with, other than the issue of weapons of mass destruction and issues such as terrorism, is cyber and what is happening in the world, whether it is attacks like China, as an example, stealing billions of dollars--another country, Russia--from United States and other countries, including a lot of our allies, but, also, the destructive attacks, which was really Sony, the first time we had a destructive attack in the United States.    I am wondering, from a United Nations point of view, dealing with all these countries, where is the status of the cyber issue? Have we taken a position on how to deal with this problem as far as cyber is concerned? And if, in fact, we are able to prove or the United Nations--and I don't know what mechanism that would be--that we can show that certain countries like a North Korea or someone would make those attacks, would the United Nations be in a position to introduce sanctions in order to punish or use as a deterrent?    Ambassador Power. Thank you so much for the question.    Let me start by agreeing wholeheartedly with the premise that cyber threats are one of the most serious national security threats that the United States faces and it is something that we are seeing now take effect around the world. Even the Vatican's Web site, apparently, was hacked just over the last couple days.    Mr. Ruppersberger. It is going to keep happening all over the world.    Ambassador Power. It is going to keep happening.    So I think what you saw, of course, in response to the horrific North Korean attack on Sony is that we moved out with a very strong executive order, so a unilateral action within our own capability.    I went door to door in New York to my Security Council counterparts and made it very clear that this was not something that one could consider sort of off to the side as something--that it was something that actually had the kind of economic and even physical effects of a more conventional attack, I mean, insofar as Sony being shut down. Of course, there was also the coercive part of that.    I raised this issue in the Security Council in the session I mentioned that we convened on the human rights situation in North Korea because, usually, the human rights atrocities that a regime is committing is also a canary in the coal mine in terms of other threats of this nature.    So we are looking, I think, at what the next step is to ensure that other countries, again, see this as being a threat of comparable gravity at times, again, to the more traditional attacks that the U.N. is used to dealing with.    We are not there yet. I mean, it is not the case that we could move swiftly in the Security Council, particularly given the presence of the permanent members who might resist this, again, to get people to see this like other kinds of attacks. But we are moving out with information-sharing, with technical advice as to how countries and companies around the world can strengthen their defenses against these kinds of attacks.    And now that we have just put in place the cyber executive order, which goes well beyond the attacks carried out by North Korea, I think that is something that we will seek to multi-lateralize both within the U.N. framework and then, of course, through regional cooperation agreements.    Mr. Ruppersberger. From your role as Ambassador to the United Nations, give an example of China. China has been stealing billions of dollars from our country and other countries throughout the world.    The good news for the United States--because a lot of that information was classified--a company called Mandiant was able to show the connection between the Chinese Government and their military and a lot of these attacks. And Mandiant's customers were The New York Times, Washington Post, major companies.    And we had the information, but, yet, it is important that we also continue to have a relationship with China because of who they are, how powerful they are, the fact that we owe them a lot of money, but we still--you know, need to deal with them. And I think the best way to deal with China is through commerce and that that hopefully will pull us together.    From your role and knowing, as an example, the evidence that we have with respect to China and your role in the United Nations, how would you handle the Chinese situation, as an example?    Ambassador Power. The Chinese situation----    Mr. Ruppersberger. Attacking us, we had the evidence that they attack us. What we need to do is to get China to grow up and get other countries to help us with a global type of system to handle these cyber attacks, because they are literally stealing from countries all over the world trade secrets, that type of thing. It has been estimated that in the United States, there are over a billion dollars stolen every year.    How do you see that in the framework of your job as the Ambassador to deal with this at a global level? Because it is the only way in the end. We can have our laws and try to do that in the United States, but it is not going to stop if we don't deal with the global issue and have sanctions or some type of deterrent to have these other countries deal with it as well.    Ambassador Power. Yes. So let me start by saying that, again, I think the bilateral tool that we have now put in place through this executive order--the cyber executive order can be really impactful because, when there are significant harms carried out by either companies or government institutions or private hackers who have government affiliations, this is a tool that we can use in order to hold accountable, punish people who do that, and deter and, indeed, incapacitate, deny their access to resources that they might use in order to sort of strengthen their arsenal in these aggressive actions.    The challenge, which I alluded a little to implicitly before, in terms of U.N. Security Council action is that China is a permanent member and a veto holder. So our ability to move beyond the bilateral through the Security Council turns on China's willingness to support such an effort.    Mr. Ruppersberger. My time is up. But I would suggest that we really focus on this as a high priority, especially within the Security Council, on these countries that are cyber-attacking other countries throughout the world.    Ambassador Power. I agree with that.    And if I may just add one point, just because we may not be able to move an enforcement action through the Council does not mean we can't use the bully pulpit of the council or use that forum in order to raise the alarm either about one country's actions or about the threat as a whole.    Mr. Ruppersberger. Thank you.