    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to the witnesses who are here today.    I want to direct the first question to our two law professors. Did both of you read the 123-page opinion by Judge Hanen?    Mr. Gohmert. Okay. I have it here myself.    For full disclosure, Andy Hanen was a classmate in law school. He was one of the best and brightest. That is why he went with one of the best firms in the country in Houston, and why President Bush nominated him. He is a brilliant guy.    Have you also read the response that has been filed by DOJ, both of you?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, I was noticing at page 10 of the response, where they are saying the Government would suffer irreparable harm absent a stay. And in the very next sentence, they say that the injunction Judge Hanen granted blocks DHS from exercising its authority conferred by Congress. And it is Congress that is trying to stop them from exercising the authority, not by a written Executive order, as Judge Hanen makes clear, but, as a good monarch would do, the President spoke law into existence, and then the Secretary of Homeland Security ran and put it into a memo.    And so I am wondering if a law student, in response as a question, given a question, ``Here is your exam. Respond to the 123-page opinion of Judge Hanen,'' and they came back and said irreparable harm because the injunction will prevent us from doing the job that Congress conferred on us, what would be your response as law professors to that answer?    Mr. Gohmert. My time is about to expire, but this is an incredible response in how poorly done it is, in my mind.    The bottom of page 10, it says, ``For reasons long recognized as valid, the responsibility for regulating the relationship between the United States and our alien visitors has been committed to the political branches of the Federal Government. As such, the preliminary injunction necessarily causes an irreparable harm.''    They cite that this belongs to Congress and then come back and say, so if you leave it to Congress, it causes the executive branch irreparable harm.    For heaven's sake, our Justice Department needs better attorneys and especially when you look at page 15, saying that you have to throw out the injunction because it undermines the department's efforts to encourage illegal aliens.    Again, Professor, it bootstraps. They were not given that responsibility. That is not their job.    I see my time has expired.