    Ms. Kuster. Thank you very much, Chairman Thompson. And thank you for holding today's hearing.    We appreciate the opportunity to allow us to further explore how our conservation efforts are working on-the-ground. As we move closer to the next farm bill in the upcoming session, these are the conversations that our Committee needs to continue to have.    Farm bill conservation programs incentivize farmers and ranchers to take real, meaningful, and voluntary conservation efforts on their land. Farmers and ranchers can choose from several different farm bill conservation programs, such as EQIP, the Environmental Quality Incentive Program, the Conservation Stewardship Program, and the Regional Conservation Partnership Program, to meet the conservation needs of their operations and the surrounding landscape.    It is clear to me that the success of voluntary conservation programs depends upon the partnerships that producers develop, not only with the NRCS but also with the conservation districts that help farmers and ranchers implement these practices on-the-ground.    I know that a lot of conservation work has gone toward cleaning up the Chesapeake Bay watershed. As an aside, I worked here on the Hill--I like to say 30 years ago; it is more like 40 years ago--and learned to wind surf in the Chesapeake Bay. And let me just say: thank you for your efforts to clean that up.    Because of these efforts and the partnership and participation of farmers, we have seen the health of the Bay improve dramatically. There remains a lot more to do in the Bay watershed, like many other areas across the country.    While many of us on this Committee are not from the Chesapeake Bay area, we are watching the Bay closely for strategies, best management practices, and lessons that we can apply to other important conservation areas, like in my region, the White Mountain National Forest and the Silvio Conte Wildlife Refuge.    Thank you to the witnesses for being here today. We appreciate your time.    And thank you, again, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. I hope we will have more hearings to come to continue to examine our farm bill conservation programs, and we can all work together to make sure that these programs are easy to use for farmers and ranchers.    I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady, who obviously started working on the Hill when she was 5 years old.    Ms. Kuster. Oh, thank you.    The Chairman. The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record, so that the witnesses may begin their testimony to ensure that there is ample time for questions. The chair would like to remind Members they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for Members present at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in order of their arrival, and I appreciate the Members' understanding.    I would like to welcome again our witnesses to the table, two agriculture leaders. Mr. Jason Weller, Chief, Natural Resources Conservation Service, United States Department of Agriculture; and the Honorable Russell Redding, Secretary, the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, serving the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, based out of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.    Witnesses are reminded to limit their oral presentations to 5 minutes, and all written statements will be included in the record.    Chief Weller, please begin when you are ready.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you, Chairman Thompson.    The Chairman. I don't think we are pressured for time.    Ms. Kuster. Thank you. Well, I appreciate it.    Thank you to our witnesses, Chief Weller and Secretary Redding, for being with us today.    I am impressed by the progress here of the Chesapeake Bay. It is an area of incredible ecological diversity and pristine natural resources. And I wish you well in your continued efforts.    I wanted, if you wouldn't mind indulging me, to turn our attention to my farmers in New Hampshire. I can't say we have many ranchers, but a few. As a Member of this Committee, I have had the privilege of representing hundreds of farms throughout my district. And I have spent a lot of time visiting with farmers around who participate in NRCS cost-share programs. But the one piece of this that I keep hearing recurring frustration about is the annual SAM DUNS, is that how we refer to it, reporting requirement. The producers that I have spoken with were frustrated that this regulation puts small farmers on the same playing field as entities that receive multimillion dollar contracts, such as large military contractors, but in New Hampshire, the average NRCS contractor is around $20,000. The paperwork is overwhelming.    Can you tell us, and this is to Chief Weller, what producers are telling NRCS field offices about the regulations? What I keep hearing, just to be specific, is that my producers are confused about the process. What I am worried about is it is acting as a barrier to entry to some producers who want to participate in the conservation program but are just getting tangled up in red tape.    Ms. Kuster. That is fair. We are asking, what do we need to change in the upcoming farm bill? If it is not on you, it is on us. We will take it on us. And be specific about what would need to change.    Ms. Kuster. And what is it specifically? What is the hang up?    Ms. Kuster. That is all right. We need to get into the weeds to fix it. The one thing we can agree on: we are not pro-red tape. We would like to work together to get rid of it.    Ms. Kuster. I would love to. And see if we can't streamline. My other committee is the Veterans' Affairs Committee, so you can imagine I am used to red tape. But it would be great if we could help our producers, and I have a bill in now about exports for a one-stop shop in the Department of Commerce, because for a small business in my district to make a terrific product and try to sell it overseas, Make It In America, and we can bring those dollars here and be successful, but they have to go to 25 different places to get the permission. I am a big fan of cutting through red tape. Thank you. I would like to work with you on that.    The other question I wanted to bring up to you, and this is a self-serving pitch for a bill of mine, H.R. 5451, Improving Access to Farm Conservation Act of 2016. This is a bipartisan bill and, again, cutting red tape for producers who are interested in participating in voluntary conservation programs. I would love to get my colleagues to take a look at it. It is a win-win for these producers who want to improve conservation practices on their farms and would be helpful for NRCS field staff who can spend less time sitting behind their desks dealing with the paperwork and more time in the field providing technical assistance. I am hoping that this Committee will bring up the bill during the next markup. I very much thank you for being with us, and I will follow up offline with the chair here to see if we can get some movement and try to get some relief. Thanks very much.    Thank you.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady.    Let me take the liberty of a couple more questions. I know that we are coming up on some time limitations Secretary Redding has with his schedule.    But, Secretary Redding, this Committee has had serious concerns with the Chesapeake Bay TMDL from the beginning for fear it would unfairly punish states for not meeting certain benchmarks. Part of that is our concern that all of the great things that we do in agriculture don't always get measured, nor do we get credit for it.    Do you believe that Pennsylvania is being unfairly scrutinized for its perceived lack of progress in Bay restoration efforts? And do you believe that the EPA is recognizing all conservation activities that farmers and ranchers are not just voluntarily implementing but, based on those most recent reports, multiple reports that are being documented, great outcomes?