    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the meeting here.    And I want to spin off of my colleague, Mr. Sires, about here we are the second poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, yet, they are buying tanks and planes from Russia. And we engage in the IMET Initiative, the International Military and Education Training. What are we benefitting out of this? Are we showing them our techniques and our skills and all that? And they are using Russian forces. Is that benefitting us and who are they preparing for an invasion from? Or is it like Ms. Ros-Lehtinen said, to keep oppression on the people?    Mr. Yoho. Let me interrupt you there. You said we respect their rights for human rights or their initiative on that.    Mr. Yoho. All right, I want to drop back and come back to that because how do you hold a dictatorship like Ortega accountable when we know they are doing what they are doing? They are dealing in human trafficking. They said there is not a lot of narco trafficking but how do we know that is true? We know the heroin is coming across the Mexican border. Where does the heroin come from?    Mr. Yoho. Well, again, where is the heroin coming from? We know it is coming across the Mexican border into America. Where does it come from in South America?    Mr. Yoho. Okay, so how does it get from there to Mexico, to the United States, if it is not coming through Nicaragua? Are they going around that? Are they going through that and we don't know about it and we are facilitating with our military intelligence, giving them foreign aid and teaching them our counter narcotics methods?    Is that helping us or is it helping them circumvent our counter narcotics interdiction?    Mr. Yoho. All right and then let me ask you this, Ms. Escobari, if you would answer. How are we going to respond if the elections are run as a mockery to democracy in their country with a constitution that says he can't run another term, his wife can't be there? How are we going to respond?    And I would also like to know about the hypocrisy of what happened in Honduras when their President ran for the third term and the people of that country stood by their constitution and pulled him out but, yet our administration, along with Ms. Clinton, said that we can't do that; we have to stand by that President of that nation. But yet, the opposite is happening here and where is the outcry from the administration?    So, what are we going to do, the first question is, after this election and it is a mockery? What is this administration's response going to be?    Mr. Yoho. How effective is that? I mean you have got youth monitoring that but you have got a country that has tanks and all that other stuff. How realistic is that?    Mr. Yoho. I am out of time and I will yield back. If there is another round, we will come back to that. Thank you.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    And I kind of want to spin off a couple of things here but I want to read a statement here that Mr. Ortega said in Cuba. The current President Daniel Ortega gave a speech in Havana, Cuba, affirming Sandinista policies and ideology in joining the Non-Aligned Movement and in excoriating the imperialism of the U.S. That was a statement he made. Do you feel he has wavered from that or varied from that in his stance toward the U.S.?    Mr. Yoho. I think we can tell where he stands with actions, when you see what they do. You know you are looking at the amount of corruption there and you look at the wealth. He is one of the wealthiest people in the country that is the second poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. And then you look at the loan that Venezuela gave them back a few years back, I think it was $457 million with no third-party oversight, it is a very convenient situation.    And then they are buying Russian military equipment. They are putting up Russian military radar systems. And I am not feeling the love here. And I, along with the chairman, you know he was talking about the trade, the free trade agreement that we have with them, I don't see the benefit we do. I see we do export but I think they are benefitting a whole lot more. And the benefit to them is they have a lot of money coming into their country that is promoting a rogue--a dictatorship, I will say. And with the administrator's misstep of sending our Ambassador Dogu down there and allowing them to basically give credit to their Supreme Court for ruling out any competing parties in the political process, I just think that is a very poor judgment and misstep on this administration.    We have all these conditions on trade. We have all these conditions on human rights. We have all these conditions on free and open elections and he has already said there is not going to be free and open elections because there is not going to be any monitors but yet, we are relying on the students to tell us how fair they are.    How intimidated are those students going to be and how well are they going to speak up? And at what point does administration say, you know what, if you are going to play by the rules, we are done and pull out of the trade agreement?    Do we have the backbone to do that? Does this administration have it or any administration? When is America's word going to stand for what we say?    Mr. Yoho. Well, then we are not doing it with action.    Let me ask Ms. Escobari. Is that close? What is your opinion on that? At what point does America say if you are serious about being an ally of ours? Because we have weakened the OAS and it is because of the actions. If our action is not standing up to--our words aren't backed up by our actions.    Mr. Yoho. How do you see them strengthening, if they are throwing people out that have diplomatic or regular passports and our administration is validating their Supreme Court?    Mr. Yoho. Yes, but if we are not willing to take something back for that government to lose, it is not going to get better. I mean history repeats itself. And until we are willing to stand up and make a strong stand, they are going to keep doing what they are doing and we are going to keep capitulating. And yes, we can say we are helping the people, which I think we should, but you have to hold that government accountable and you have to be willing to do that is what I see.    And I yield back and I appreciate the second round, Chairman.