    Ms. DeGette. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am glad we are having the time to do a deep dive into this important topic. O&I has a long history of exploring issues related to cybersecurity. Over the years, we have had hearings on cybersecurity risks. We have passed bipartisan legislation to promote security and resiliency for critical infrastructure systems. We have also examined in detail both cyber attacks and vulnerabilities within many of the sectors under this committee's jurisdiction. I hope that this series of hearings will help us have additional productive conversations about how both to understand the cyber risks and how to respond to them.    Information systems connected to the Internet are integral to the operation of our economy. While this interconnectedness is essential, the vulnerabilities that it can pose, pose serious challenges. Every day, the Internet is under attack by those with malicious intent. In the last few years, cyber attacks on federal agencies and also on private entities have skyrocketed. Every week it seems, there is a new series of headlines about cyber attacks and vulnerabilities in our system. Last week, for example, Uber revealed a breach of its driver database that had gone unreported for months. Anthem reported that millions of people who were not its customers could be victims of cyber attacks on their systems. Last year, we heard of attacks on Home Depot, Target, and JP Morgan Chase that involved the personal information of tens of millions of Americans.    So this past year alone has been a stark reminder that all industries are vulnerable, and neither the private sector or government is safe from cyber attacks. These attacks are becoming more and more frequent, and more and more sophisticated. I am personally concerned about how the loss of personally identifiable information is affecting American consumers. It is starting to appear that there are two types of these Americans. Number one, people whose data has been subject to a breach, and number two, people whose data will be subject to a breach. That seems to be how it is breaking out.    So I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today about the cybersecurity landscape. I have a couple of questions. Number one, what are the threats that we now face, and number two, what are our biggest vulnerabilities. Also, I want to hear what we are doing now, and what we can improve in the future. What are the existing standards in both the government and private industry for keeping personal information safe, and providing notification when there is a breach. How can we make sure that both the public and private sectors are using their expertise to ensure that cybersecurity measures are appropriately tailored to address the specific needs in the different sectors. More fundamentally, what is the appropriate role of government and of the private sector in securing the systems, managing cyber risks, and assessing cyber threats. How do we promote the optimal level of cooperation and information sharing within this division of labor. Unfortunately, this is a problem that doesn't have an immediate or a fissile solution.    So I am hoping that our witnesses throughout the hearings can advise us on how we can make the right strategic investments in cybersecurity in both the short and long-term. They are all smiling because they know what an impossible task this is. But this is a problem that exists far beyond our Nation's borders. We should be thinking about how we can ensure international cooperation to protect against cyber threats around the world. I understand we need to make substantial changes in the way we think about cybersecurity. This is not a problem that we have the tools to deal with immediately. And I do want to hear from our witnesses about that today, but even while we rethink our approach to cybersecurity and make necessary long-term investments, I want to know what we can do right now to protect consumers and their personal information. If data breaches have become inevitable, we need to think about how to make that data unusable once it is stolen, and that seems to be a short-term key. I want to hear from the witnesses about creative solutions in the post-breach environment. On the battlefield, a strategy for preventing the enemy from successfully using your technology against you is to render it useless if it falls into the wrong hands. I think we need to figure out ways to do this now with certain types of consumer information if it is stolen.    As Chairman Murphy said, this is just the first in a series to explore cyber threats in a variety of sectors. I want to thank the witnesses, and I look forward to our continued work.    I yield back.    Mr. DeGette. I yield back.    Ms. DeGette. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. As I mentioned in my opening statement, the Federal Government and also private businesses have been targeted by cybercriminals, and I talked about Target, I talked about Home Depot, JP Morgan Chase, the health insurer Anthem. From the Federal Government side, also we have had substantial attacks. In July of 2013, there were hackers who stole social security numbers and other information from over 100,000 employees at the Department of Energy, for just one example.    So, Mr. Bejtlich, I heard a number that seems high, but if you add all these together, the number I heard is that over 100 million Americans could potentially be at risk from these cyber attacks. Does that number sound plausible to you?    Ms. DeGette. Yes. And so typically what companies do is they tell people they can have a year of free credit monitoring if they have had their data stolen. Do you think that is sufficient, or do we need to explore additional remedies?    Ms. DeGette. And do you have some ideas what we could do, aside from giving people free credit monitoring?    Ms. DeGette. Yes, and is that something that you think Congress should be involved in?    Ms. DeGette. Right. Right, and I mean what you are saying is, if somebody hasn't had their data stolen, it is likely that they will have their data stolen, correct?    Ms. DeGette. So do you think it might make sense to let consumers lock their credit down with credit agencies? Do you think that might be one solution?    Ms. DeGette. And that was my next question is that would be one thing that would be easy to do. Is there some other way we can protect children from early identity theft?    Ms. DeGette. So I have one more question for anybody who wants to answer it. My staff here recently--you met with Sysco?    Voice. Citigroup.    Ms. DeGette. Citigroup? Citigroup. And they did a test on their own systems, and what they found was that these breaches were actually interactive. So they could breach one machine and then it would actually morph when it went to the next machine. It would actually change. And so that is the sophistication they are getting now. What can we do to start trying to protect against those sorts of breaches? Anybody.    Ms. DeGette. Do we have the ability to do that now?    Ms. DeGette. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. DeGette. I think this is a good scene-setter for our future hearings, and I would just advise the--I know, Mr. Chairman, you will let people know that people might give written questions after this hearing. I know some of the Members on our side wanted to come back but they got stuck after the vote. So we appreciate your wisdom and you may have some written questions coming after this. Thank you. I yield back.