    Ms. Fennell. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the subcommittee, I am pleased to be here today to discuss our June 2015 report on BLM's policies and practices for bonding renewable energy development on Federal land.    BLM plays a key role in managing energy produced on Federal lands, including the growing areas of wind and solar projects. To ensure compliance with various requirements, BLM directs developers to obtain bonds to cover the cost of returning the land to its pre-developed condition when a solar or wind project terminates; this process is known as reclamation. If the bonds are inadequate to cover these costs, the Federal Government may have to pay.    My testimony today highlights the findings of our 2015 report. Specifically I will discuss three areas: first, BLM's policies for the bonding of wind and solar projects; second, the amount of bonds held by BLM for the reclamation of wind and solar projects and how BLM tracks these projects and bonds; and third, the extent to which BLM ensures that the bonds for wind and solar rights-of-way are adequate to cover reclamation costs.    First, BLM has different policies for bonding wind and solar projects on Federal land. For example, BLM's 2008 wind policy established minimum bond amounts, but its 2010 solar policy did not. However, the agency has issued a proposed rule that would establish consistent requirements for the bonding of wind and solar projects in several areas, including ensuring the minimum bond amount.    Second, we found that BLM has about $100 million in bonds to cover reclamation costs associated with wind and solar projects on Federal lands. BLM tracks bonds through two data systems, but we found that neither system was reliable for this purpose.    Specifically, we found multiple instances in each system where information was missing, inaccurate, or had not been updated. Furthermore, the agency does not have a timeliness standard for wind and solar data entry, contrary to the standard for its mining program.    Third, we found that BLM had limited assurance that bonds for wind and solar rights-of-way will cover reclamation costs. Specifically, we found that about one-third of the wind and solar development rights-of-way were underbonded by about as much as $15 million in total.    In addition, we found wide variation in how BLM staff documented bond decisions for wind and solar rights-of-way. For example, we found little or no documentation to support the bond amount for about two-thirds of the wind rights-of-way we reviewed.    In addition, BLM does not adequately ensure the wind and solar bond instruments are properly secured, handled, and stored. BLM staff in two field offices told us that bonds were stored in files rather than in secured, locked cabinets or a safe.    Furthermore, there are no policies related to the proper handling and storage of bond instruments for wind and solar projects.    BLM also inconsistently adheres to its policies for the periodic review of the amounts of wind and solar bonds to verify their adequacy. For example, we found that about half of the bonds were at least 4 months overdue for review.    In conclusion, BLM does not have detailed policies to ensure that decisions are accurately documented, bonds are properly maintained and secured, or standards exist for timely data entry. As a result, BLM has limited assurance that the bonds in place will be adequate to cover reclamation costs if the developer does not meet its obligations.    Given these findings, we made five recommendations in our report for BLM to develop policies for documenting decisions, for proper handling and storage of bonds, for timely data entry, as well as to take steps to ensure projects are periodically reviewed to ensure bond adequacy.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Dingell, and members of the subcommittee, this completes my prepared statement.    I am accompanied by Liz Erdmann, who directly worked on this particular report. We will be happy to respond to questions.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, it is.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, we did interview BLM headquarters, state, and field office officials that had wind and solar projects.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, we did interview the realty specialist in the Rawlins office.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, she did. In the course of our review, she was describing the process that she used for the annual certification process. At that point, she indicated 20 percent were found in project files.    Ms. Fennell. They should have been retained in a properly secured storage cabinet or safe.    Ms. Fennell. She did. She indicated that she was not able to find them. They were surety bonds, which means that they could be replaced, but she was not able to locate them.    Ms. Fennell. During the course of the conversation she did indicate that she believed that the bonds had been mistakenly shredded in a safe.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, that is correct. That was part of an e-mail that was following up on a number of questions that we had for her, including the shredding.    Ms. Fennell. She had indicated to us that she thought they had been mistakenly shredded, but she did not provide any other elaboration.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, at the time of our review, that is what we were informed.    Ms. Fennell. During the course of a conversation with the reality specialist to have an understanding of what their procedures were for conducting annual certifications, we learned at that point in time that 20 percent of the bonds were found in project files that were not in a secured cabinet or a safe.    The remaining 80 percent we were informed, which were surety bonds and which had been indicated through the two database systems that BLM has still existing, were not able to be found.    Ms. Fennell. The realty specialist went on to inform us that she had heard that the bonds had been in the safe and then were mistakenly shredded.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Fennell. I believe that is.    Ms. Fennell. Reclamation bonds are important because they ensure that there is no financial risk to the Federal Government in the event that the developer is unable to meet the obligation for reclaiming the land to its preconditioned state.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Fennell. Currently it is $100 million for wind and solar projects.    Ms. Fennell. It is 120 rights-of-way, which does include 45 for wind and solar energy development, and then the remainder would be for wind testing, either project area or site-specific area.    Ms. Fennell. We looked at the processes that BLM had in place, the policies that they had in place, as well as the practices that they had in place in general. Then we did a detailed file review of 45 wind and solar projects.    Ms. Fennell. We utilized the BLM data systems to ascertain the number of wind rights-of-way and solar rights-of-way projects. In the process of that, we found discrepancies in the data; so we went and worked with the BLM officials to ensure that the numbers that we had were correct, and that we were able to report them in our report.    Ms. Fennell. We did find that the LR2000 and the Bond and Surety System did have information that was either missing, inaccurate, or that had not been updated. We were----    Ms. Fennell. Correct.    Ms. Fennell. We did not find that they were reliable for the purpose of tracking the wind and solar rights-of-way.    Ms. Fennell. We did find discrepancies between the two systems.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, we did.    Ms. Fennell. We found that there was either bond amounts that were in one system but not in the other system, that dates would be different, or that project information was not up to date. So we did find discrepancies between the two systems and what was contained in both.    Ms. Fennell. They were not up to date. We did find issues with both databases in terms of either information in one database that was up to date and not in another, or sometimes we found information in the project files that was more up to date than what was contained in the databases or vice versa.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, that is correct. That is why we made several recommendations to ensure that policies or data standards should be put into place in order to ensure that the information is up to date, that the data systems are accurate, and that there is timely entry of information in the data systems.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Fennell. In our last report that we did in 2011, I believe that we found that the minimum bond amounts had not been updated in 50 years.    Ms. Fennell. We did find that there were problems associated with the adequacy of the information that is also contained in their database systems.    Ms. Fennell. We asked that very question, and they were not able to provide an answer. This was how it was recorded in the databases. So, when we replicated the table that you're referring to in our report, where we list out the various types of bonds, we did include that, given that that was part of the total.    Ms. Fennell. We followed up with questions, but we did not determine the bond type because we were not able to receive responses to our questions as to what it was.    Ms. Fennell. As part of our review of the data, when we found discrepancies or inaccurate information, we would go back and speak with the BLM officials to clean up the data. As a result of our inquiry, that was, indeed, the case where they did go out and verify the number of turbines.    Ms. Fennell. The IG report and our report, I believe, are the more recent reports related to the bonding for wind and solar.    Ms. Fennell. They do not. As a result of not having a policy in place, we made a recommendation that one should be developed so that there would be proper handling, accounting, and storing of wind and solar bonds.    Ms. Fennell. We found that in two field offices, they had indicated to us that there were bonds that were maintained in project files that were not properly secured in a locked cabinet or safe. Those are illustrative of the problems that we found, which is that there is no guidance. Therefore, we made the recommendation that guidance should be established.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, we did.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, they were.    Ms. Fennell. For each case that we asked questions about, they were able to work with us to explain what the information should be. We went back and forth multiple times in order to ensure that the data was reliable enough for purposes of reporting out in our report.    Ms. Fennell. We reviewed documentation in the project files. We looked at the data that was contained in both databases, and then we continued to work with the BLM officials to clean up the data so that we could report out on the numbers.    However, we did find that, for tracking purposes, neither system was reliable, because we found information that was missing, or inaccurate, or that had not been updated.    Ms. Fennell. There were a combination of factors. In fact, some of the data entry issues became the basis of some of the recommendations that we have made in order to ensure that policies and standards are put into place to allow for timely data entry and for also ensuring that data standards are established for the Bond and Surety System.    Ms. Fennell. There were several reasons that were cited, including that there had been a downsizing of the land examiners that did a lot of the data entry, leaving a lot of the work to the realty surety specialist; and they had workload and resource constraints.    In addition, some cited training as well, in terms of not being as familiar with some of the coding and some of the data entry requirements for the systems; so there were a combination of factors that explained why there were timeliness issues associated with the data entry.    Ms. Fennell. We found that for half of the rights-of-way that they were delayed in terms of conducting those reviews. The policy states the frequency by which adequacy reviews are to be conducted, and we found that in half of the time they did not follow that. In fact, half were overdue by at least 4 months.    Ms. Fennell. We found that for the projects that were due to have a periodic review based on the policies that are in place, that half of them were at least 4 months overdue in terms of having those reviews conducted.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, that is correct. Those were the reasons that were cited, which led to the basis for one of our recommendations, which is to adjust the LR2000 System to establish a code that would allow for a triggering mechanism to remind the staff that reviews are to be conducted.    Ms. Fennell. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Fennell. I do not have an explanation at this time. What we were told is that bonds, when they are missing, can be replaced.    Ms. Fennell. I believe that the BLM replied to our report indicating that they had now accounted for the documents; so I would assume that they had been replaced based on the conversations that they had when we asked them what would happen when bonds were missing.    Ms. Fennell. We do not know. We spoke with these individuals at the BLM field offices. What we found was that this was illustrative of the issue that there was no guidance in place in terms of how to properly store, secure, and handle wind and solar bonds, which then became the basis of our recommendation, Mr. Chairman.