    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I look forward to hearing from the panel with concrete suggestions on how we can change our policy so we don't have this meeting next year talking about the same things. We need a paradigm shift, and I look forward to hearing from you your suggestions so we can implement that and talk about baseball next time you come here.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I appreciate the panel being here. Last March, right here in this same committee room, we had a meeting on terrorism, nonproliferation, and trade on the subcommittee where we had testimony from Edwin Black saying that the money that we give to the Palestinian authority, it is fungible, and it indirectly supports PLO payments going to Palestinians, and/or their families, who have been accused or convicted of terrorism.    And last Congress, after that meeting, I introduced legislation that called on the PA to halt payments until that practice is stopped and Resolution 21 and 23 in their laws remove that. Since then, it seems like they have changed how that money is going, and it is going directly from the PLO to the terrorist.    What suggestions do you have in stopping this practice totally? Because we are giving that money to the Palestinian authority into the Middle East, which has received probably, per capita, more money than anyplace else in the name of peace, but yet we are not getting that. And so how do we stop that? If we truly want peace, are we just going to play the cat-and-mouse game and the shell game of moving stuff around?    So I would like to hear from you, Dr. Schanzer, start with you and down the line.    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Mr. Yoho. Okay. To me, that is unacceptable. And where I come from, people don't want any money going there, especially if we are getting it in the name of peace and we are not accomplishing that. I mean, we are all adults here; we need to stop playing games if this is truly what we want. And I want to hear from you guys. We will go down real quick. I am down to 3 minutes.    I am not going to try to pronounce your last name.    Mr. Yoho. I need to correct you, that money is our taxpayers' money that we are giving in good faith. So if we are going to do that, I want the results for that or I don't want to support giving that money to them.    Ms. Pletka, can I hear from you?    Mr. Yoho. I agree.    Mr. Yoho. Let me hear from Mr. Makovsky.    Mr. Yoho. Good.    Mr. Yoho. I appreciate it.    And then let me ask you this: Which aid program or policy would you suggest we here in Congress scale back or reform? And, again, this raises the question of we already have laws preventing ICC from being funded. Would it be more prudent for the U.S. to concentrate on reforming funding to the U.N. agencies which seem to be supporting the Palestinian until we get clarification on what they are doing? Dr. Kontorovich.    Mr. Yoho. And I appreciate that. And that is a serious action, but these are serious times, and I think it is time we take serious action. Thank you for your time.    I yield back.