    Mr. BRADY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Adams. Thanks for the opportunity to testify today.    My name is Ed Brady. I am a home builder and developer from Bloomington, Illinois. I also am the 2015 first vice chairman for the National Association of Home Builders. I have served as president of Brady Homes for the last 15 years. It is a family-owned business my father started in 1962. We primarily build single-family homes, but we have also constructed several light commercial projects. In addition to the home building company, I own two RE/MAX franchises and a property management company.    I am greatly concerned that the proposed overtime regulation could have negative repercussions for my own business and the broader home building industry. This ``one-size-fits-all'' approach to the overtime rules will have a substantial financial impact on housing. The proposal to raise the standard salary level from $455 per week to $970 per week represents an unprecedented increase of over 102 percent. NAHB analysis shows about 116,000 construction supervisors would be affected by this proposal. The rule could also affect other occupations in the industry, including sales reps, administrative staff, and local trade association employees.    NAHB and its members are concerned about the impact of the rule for several reasons. One is that the proposal fails to account for regional differences in pay. Construction wages can vary considerably from one area to the other even in my own state from town to town. What a construction supervisor earns in Tennessee is different from what one earns in California, sometimes significantly. Moreover, such a dramatic surge in the salary threshold is unlikely to result in an increase in workers' take-home pay. Instead, it would force business owners to scale back on pay and benefits, or to cut hours to avoid the overtime requirements. These are not acceptable outcomes.    Employees who are currently salaried are likely to become hourly workers and view their nonexempt status as a demotion. They may even earn less money than before. These employees will also lose the workplace flexibility that comes with being a salaried employee, especially in my industry.    I am also concerned about what the proposal means to my own business. I currently employ one construction supervisor who would become nonexempt under the new salary threshold. My supervisor currently receives a competitive salary with benefits, but the rule does not consider the workers' total compensation package. If the rule forces small businesses to choose between increasing a salary above the threshold or paying for health insurance, I do not think the employee is going to be better off. In fact, when all factors are considered, the employee may be worse off, if not unemployed.    Flexibility is a key component to any job, but specifically in our industry. By their very nature, supervisors are schedulers. Workers representing an average of 22 specialty trades are needed to complete a home, and it is a supervisor's job to ensure the trades complete their work efficiently and to the proper specs. Because homes are constructed outdoors, the supervisor needs flexibility to account for bad weather, especially in the Illinois winters. He might not work for a few days due to a storm, but then work six days the following week. Scheduling changes occur frequently and it is important that construction supervisors have that flexibility to ensure projects stay on time and on track. It is also common for a construction supervisor to respond to phone calls after hours, emails, and even evenings and weekends.    It is very important for my business to accurately predict cost so I know how to price a home. If the proposal becomes law, I will have to seriously consider replacing my supervisor--my employed supervisor with an outside contractor because it will allow me to accurately project my costs. Because of its overly broad approach, I think it is also likely that if the proposal is implemented we will encounter additional problems we have not anticipated.    The bottom line is that more than doubling the overtime threshold will do more harm than good in the home building industry. NAHB strongly opposes this overtime proposal. I would like to thank you for your time and look forward to any questions.    Mr. BRADY. I would say the regulatory burden on our industry has been huge over the last 8 to 10 years. Every new regulation and compliance to those types of regulations, including this, is a burden on the business. It raises cost. It delays construction. For instance, where I used to build homes in 90 days, now because of some of the regulatory permits that are required and the cumbersome compliance issues that we have to comply with have really extended the time to provide our product where a manufacturing company just happens to be onsite throughout the country. And so anywhere from wetlands expansion to overtime pay increases the cost to our business which inevitably raises the cost of housing to the consumer. Specifically to the overtime pay, I concur that my supervisor works 40, 45, 50 hours a week at times but in the Midwest there could be three days of snow that they do not come to the job. My supervisor does not clock in. He does not come to the office every day. He leaves from his home to go to the jobsite, and I do not know what he is doing during the day. And so in this particular regulation, it is an overreach, and frankly, I think will hurt the employee opportunity.    Mr. BRADY. What are the benefits you are asking?    Mr. BRADY. Well, the challenges, I mean, this particular, the unprecedented 102 percent increases is unprecedented I should say. We are not opposed to increases, but to increase it so significantly and take many employees from a salaried position to an hourly position in particular industries, one size does not fit all. In my industry, I cannot clock in my supervisor, as an example. I cannot tell you how many hours he or she is working. So I think that the jump from 24,000 to 50,000 is incredible and cumbersome.    Mr. BRADY. I guess I would beg the question, is there an issue with overtime pay? I mean, many of us as small businesses, if we overwork somebody, they are going to move. They are going to go somewhere else. And my particular business, we are very loyal to our employees. If they are overworked, they are not going to be happy, and therefore, the customer service, the issues that we would have, they would move to another business. So I would beg the question that there is an issue on overtime and whether or not people are paying, or that is a problem in the industry.    Mr. BRADY. Two things I want to correct. I think Chairman Hardy suggested that we could pass cost on. That is not always the case. I know you cannot raise it to $30 on the candle, and I cannot raise the price of housing to the regulatory compliance issue that we have done. So I just wanted to correct that.    The other fallacy is in our industry there is a labor shortage. We cannot just go out and find new people. So many people have left our industry, to replace them and not pay overtime, or just stop at 40 and hire somebody else, and in my case, project managers are project managers. You cannot have three or four project managers. So they have to stay on the job. To me this is anti-worker. This is an issue to where my employee who counts on his weekly paychecks guarantees that he is going to be able to pay his bills based on that. If I move him to an hourly and we go to a cold, hard winter, Congressman, in Illinois, and he does not work for a week, he is not going to pay his utility bills. And so from my perspective, you have got to look at this as not only a small business. We have to survive. We have to know our costs. We have to be able to make a profit in order to provide 70 percent of the employees in this country, and with this rule, we would not be able to know our costs. We could not hire as many people as it might take to do the job.    Mr. BRADY. No. I mean, it is a bonus to them. I mean, they look at it as salaried employees get benefits that sometimes hourly employees do not, so it is a promotion when I move from an hourly employee to a salaried employee to run a job. So I cannot tell you that I have ever had a superintendent that says I would rather go hourly.    Mr. BRADY. No. I think just the opposite. We probably would hire contract employees versus--so our employees would probably lose their jobs and we would go to a contract basis versus having to pay them on an hourly basis. And not only my employees----    Mr. BRADY. I understand. I understand. Not only my business, but I subcontract most of my labor, almost all of my labor, and those employees that are on an hourly basis or a salaried foreman basis of a carpenter crew would be hurt by this regulation because, again, they are a salaried employee. When there is work, they may work 60 hours that one week and they may be off next week, and they cannot afford that inconsistency and that flexibility or that inconsistent income. So I think the subcontractor base of our business, the actual worker, the skilled laborer this regulation hurts.