    Mr. Collier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee, for the opportunity to testify today.    As you all know, there's a well-worn pathway to build a natural resources project in America. You file your permit application. You go to the Corps of Engineers. The Corps of Engineers selects an independent contractor to do an extensive environmental impact statement, and then makes a decision on your permit. In fact, the environmental organizations refer to the environmental impact statement as the Magna Carta of environmental protection, and in fact, I agree with them on that characterization.    In our situation, however, EPA decided to abandon this well-worn pathway, and for the first time ever in the history of the statute, it's issued an intent to veto our project before we've even filed a permit application.    The question is why have they done this, and a starting point in that analysis is recognizing that there's no environmental harm that will happen whatsoever if we're simply allowed to go through the permit process. We don't get to build a mine. We don't get to turn a shovel of dirt. In fact, we go through the permit process. But you don't need to speculate on why because we found documents, internal documents within EPA, that clearly explain what their motive is, what their intent in establishing this precedent is.    The first one is that they want the opportunity when there's a controversial project before them to take jurisdiction away from the Corps of Engineers, away from the state, and to leave it unilaterally with EPA. Second, and this is language straight from EPA documents, they want to establish a precedent for proactive watershed planning for sustainability. They want to be able to go out there and look at a watershed and decide whether or not it should be a park or it should be something subject to development. They want something akin to local zoning authority to reside with EPA. They want to be able to zone the watersheds of America. I don't think the Clean Water Act gives them that authority.    The problem is, when a federal agency wanders off the well-worn pathway, there's opportunity for mischief, and here that mischief has been extensive. As detailed more in my written statement, and as Secretary Cohen just eloquently testified to, EPA, in my view, predetermined the outcome with respect to Pebble. That's what the documents show. And they manipulated the process in order to get to that outcome.    Just a couple of examples, and the record is full of many of these examples. EPA says that they initiated this process because petitions were drafted by Native tribes and submitted to them. The documents show that as early as January, the year before these petitions were submitted in June, an EPA employee and an environmental activist colluded to draft those petitions and then circulated them to the tribes that signed them. In addition, they worked together, an EPA employee and an environmental activist, to draft the decision memo that would be used by the Regional Administrator. This was being done before the petitions had even been filed and the decision memo, the EPA decision memo, was being drafted not just in EPA but was being drafted with the participation of environmental activists. I worked in a federal agency that dealt with environmental issues, and if that had happened on my watch, that employee would have been fired that day. That's how egregious this conduct is.    The BBWA that resulted from this has been characterized by EPA as good science. It's not good science. How in the world do you take a scientific look at the environmental impacts of a project when you don't know what the project is? There's no project on the table.    Second, what they did to get around this is they assigned a biologist in Alaska to design the mine that they assumed Pebble would design, and that biologist designed the mine--Phil North--designed it so that it would have the most egregious environmental impacts so that they could use those impacts as their justification for deciding that the mine should be vetoed. Phil North, by the way, fled the country in order to avoid a subpoena from another committee of Congress.    Look, the impact of this preliminary veto, this preemptive veto on Pebble has been devastating but it's not just an impact on Pebble. This is going to have an impact across the country. We have invested $750 million to get ready to go into permitting, and EPA is trying to tell us unilaterally that we cannot even initiate the permitting process. If you send that message to people out there regarding natural resource projects across America, nobody's going to stand in line to file permits. Nobody's going to invest in the permitting process.    Thank you for your time today.    Mr. Collier. Congressman, obviously I've questioned their judgment in these proceedings, and I think this is one example of why. I'd like to point out to the Committee that Mr. Parkin was the leader of the scientific effort for this, and this is what he's saying, and I think that's indicative of the problem.    Mr. Collier. Thank you. Congressman Beyer, I know that you've been a champion, your career, of the environmental impact statement process. This is exactly the kind of thing that ought to be examined very rigorously and very thoroughly in an environmental impact statement setting. And that's what we're asking for. That's all. Just let us have due process.    As to your questions, though, I'm on record, have been since the Mount Polley situation occurred, that we would not go forward with any permit application without an independent review of anything that Knight Piesold came close to on our project.    But let me give you a little bit of background that you may not know about this situation. Knight Piesold withdrew as the engineer of record years before the failure of Mount Polley, and they did so because of an express concern that the facility was not being managed according to the way it was designed. It was designed as a tailings facility to store essentially sand. It was being used to store wastewater. And the reason the facility failed is because there was way too much water in that facility. And it essentially overtopped.    That's the kind of thing we need rigorous enforcement to make sure doesn't ever happen anywhere in the world, especially in America, and we would support that strongly.    There's an existing criminal inquiry going on in Canada with respect to this occurrence, and if they find the facts that are necessary, the industry will support where that should go.    But we're the first ones to say that rigorous enforcement of design characteristics are very important to the mining industry everywhere in the world, and we're confident that would be the case in America if we build ours in Alaska.    But the real point, Congressman, is we need an environmental impact statement to look at these issues and lots of other issues. And that's all we're asking for, just process.    Mr. Collier. You know, Mr. Chairman, there's a lot of criticism often of something that's called the Antiquities Act, and that's the process by which the President of the United States can sign a document and withdraw federal land and make it a park. What you're faced with here through the use of 404(c) preemptively is the Antiquities Act on steroids because now the Administrator of EPA can unilaterally sign a document and withdraw not just federal land but withdraw state land and private land and essentially declare it a park never to be developed, without doing an environmental impact statement, right?    This is outrageous. I think that private landowners around America should be extremely concerned about what this precedent can set. This gives EPA extraordinary powers that the statute didn't give them. There's not a word in that statute that says this is what ought to play out.    Mr. Collier. Well, I'm aware of the penalties of the anti-lobbying statute. I know anyone that runs a federal agency in America is quite aware of them. Congressman, I haven't seen any documents that provide the kind of evidence that would be necessary to bring a prosecution under the anti-lobbying statute.    But I've got to tell you, I've got a lot of concern about that issue in Pebble. My concern may be a step away, and whether it's actually a violation of statute I don't know, but the collusion between environmental activists and EPA in this matter are extraordinary. There are over 1,000 times there were contacts between them. They've documented 30 with Pebble to put that into some kind of relative consideration.    The massive lobbying campaign and massive public relations campaign undertaken by those environmental organizations that were in constant contact with EPA, I can't help but wonder whether EPA wasn't suggesting to them that maybe they could be aided if those organizations did some lobbying for them.    Mr. Collier. Congressman, if you give me just one second, please, sir, to respond quickly to a couple of other----    Mr. Collier. --points raised. There's been no finding by the Department of Natural resources, based on the recent tour that we had leached acidic waste into the environment.    The 24 wells were not random samples. The eight that were leaking water, we took DNR to those eight because we had noted they were leaking water to show them what was going on. We--this--we brought this to their attention, and we wanted them to see what we intended to do in order to plug that water from leaking in the future. Any suggestion that we have any issues out there, we are 100 percent in compliance with our permits.    Mr. Collier. Please.    Mr. Collier. Yes.    Mr. Collier. And, you know, Congressman, this is one of dozens, dozens of such emails. The one I saw just yesterday was one where they--talking back and forth and one says to the other, you know, there are two options. We can do a little science and then veto it or we can just veto it without doing the science. And they said, well, at least we don't have a disagreement of what the end result is.    Mr. Collier. Yes. Exactly. And that's why, you know, our request continues to be just let us have due process. Give us an environmental impact statement. Give us an independent to review that environmental impact statement, and then we'll have this debate.    We recognize there are environmental challenges with building a mine in Bristol Bay, but we think we've got answers to those if we can just get an opportunity to have that debate and----    Mr. Collier. Congressman, I do. And I think fair process is what it's all about. One of the proudest things I've had a chance to do in my career was to work with Vice President Gore and Secretary Babbitt on the spotted owl timber issue in the Pacific Northwest. And I was part of a team that was--helped manage that situation. And our goal was for the first time in a handful of times to be able to put together a scientific report that would withstand judicial scrutiny, been thrown out a number of times before because of process issues. And we did that.    And there are a couple of things we did that were very important. We made sure we had independent scientists that didn't have pre-stated views----    Mr. Collier. --on the issue. That did not happen here. And we didn't allow there to be contact between the stakeholders and the decision-makers as the process was going on. Those were two fundamentally fair things we did, and neither of those is present right here.    Mr. Collier. Prosecutor also, sir.    Mr. Collier. I've always been shocked by the actions of my government in this situation. You know, I've twice left my law practice and gone into government service. That's an important part of my family's history. And I can't believe that this is the kind of thing--that politics has taken us where it's taken us on issues like this.    As I read these documents, the reason we filed our Federal Advisory Committee Act case--and that's a case, by the way, where a federal judge has granted us a preliminary injunction. And you know you've got to show you've got a likelihood of succeeding on the merits before you get a preliminary injunction.    But the reason we filed that case is--I took off to vacation with me two duffel bags full of documents and sat down and read them all. And at the conclusion of that I was shocked with what I found because what I found was collusion between the decision-makers and environmental activists. And we can't allow that in this country. It's going to chase off investment. It's going to stop people from wanting to step forward to put these projects together.    The amount of money you've got to spend to get ready to go into permitting is astronomical today, and we've done that, and all we want is due process. And, Congressman, if you can do anything to help us, we sure would be appreciative.    Mr. Collier. It's been a long time since I felt we ever got any fair treatment, Congressman, so it's a little tough to answer that question. But this is one of the situations that first shocked me so much. What's going on here--this is one of a whole handful of emails. What's going on here is that EPA is drafting the petitions that they said were then the reason why they launched the process against us. I mean that's poppycock. They launched this process against us because they'd always planned to kill this project, particularly Phil North. And he's helping draft the petitions that he then said were the reasons why he initiated this process.    So it's not just that they were working on this together. They then misled the rest of us about why they moved forward with this proposed veto.    Mr. Collier. Yes, I have.    Mr. Collier. I have indeed.    Mr. Collier. You know, if we go through the permit process and we don't get a permit, that's an entirely different situation. What galls me is that for the first time in the history of the Clean Water Act, for the first time in handfuls of Administrators of EPA there's been a decision made to put us out of business before we even filed a permit application. I think it's outrageous.    Mr. Collier. Well, there are two things that concern me, and I think Secretary Cohen, much more eloquently than I'll be able to do, put his finger on both of them. The first one is even if they'd done this fairly, this is not a process you should use in this situation. 404(c) preemptively is not something you should use for a controversial project like this. It deserves to go through the entire permitting process, period.    But second, he also said that the documents that he looked at raised serious questions as to whether the Agency hadn't predetermined the outcome here. So even when they used a process that I think they should never have used and that he thought they should never have used, they then abused the way they did that. So as I said in my opening statement, when an agency wanders off of a well-worn pathway to create a unique process, there's serious opportunity for abuse, and boy did they do that here.    Mr. Collier. Well, I don't any longer have any such faith, Congressman. I'm no longer surprised by these kinds of emails. This is another one that I just saw quite recently, yesterday for the first time and--with the release of another committee's report. And I'm shocked at the number.    But let me also remind you, Congressman, that Phil North is a guy that was using his private emails to hide, I suspect, the most damaging of his emails.    Mr. Collier. Yes, I have. But--so this is what he says when he's communicating on the EPA email process. I wonder what those others say, Congressman.    Mr. Collier. I do agree, Congressman.    Mr. Collier. Not at all. And also as I said in my opening statement, when I was involved in government, these folks wouldn't have been around anymore.    Mr. Collier. It is Congressman. When I first saw this collection of emails, and there are another four or five----    Mr. Collier. --I was shocked. It's one thing to say that it's improper for a lawyer to be talking to someone else's client. That's an ethics rule that anyone who has practiced law is familiar with. But it's like they completely missed the ball. The ball is you shouldn't be talking to him at all, nobody should, not about helping draft the petitions that are going to be filed by the native communities, and, God forbid, not about help letting him draft the decision memo for the regional administrator. They completely missed the ball here.    And what it means is that they're colluding with environmental activists on decisions Region 10 has to make appear to be the way the region works.    Mr. Collier. Congressman, I agree. And let me also remind you that Phil North's laptop computer crashed, crashed----    Mr. Collier. --he was using his personal emails and he was encrypting thumb drives that he stored documents on.    Mr. Collier. 