    Mr. Halvorsen. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. I am Terry Halvorsen, the acting Department of Defense Chief Information Officer. As such, I am the senior adviser to the Secretary of Defense for all IT matters.    I am responsible for managing the DOD's IT spend so we get more out of each and every dollar, while making sure that the warfighter has the tools to do the mission. My written statement provides you specific numbers and details, but I would like only to highlight some key issues.    One of my key priorities is implementation of the Joint Regional Security Stacks . That is the foundation of the Joint Information Environment. It replaces our current individualized and localized security architecture and systems with a set of servers, tools, and software that will provide better C2 , more security, and do this at a lower cost. JRSS is an operational and business imperative for the Department.    I want to talk about how we are improving the alignment of our business processes and IT systems and investments. I partner with the Deputy Chief Management Officer, the revised Defense Business Council. We have been directed by the Secretary of Defense to conduct a complete review of all business processes and IT systems in the fourth estate.    That is point one. We will then move into working with my colleagues to do the same review of the military departments.    We are asking the question, what IT business should DOD be directly in, and at what level should we be in it? And I think that is a key question.    We may need your help in changing the business model, particularly in certain areas. We need to look at how we can expand private-public partnership, particularly in the area of data distribution or data centers.    How can I take, in my case, a maybe a DISA data center, realign it into a more public-private partnership and get full value out of what can be commercial rate improvements? I think we will need to work some legislation to make that easier for all of us to get done.    We are continuing to approve the accounting procedures and have more transparency in our dollars. For example, we have added codes inside the Department that actually show how much money is being spent on data centers and other key IT areas.    We have contract benchmarked within my own organization that has saved $10 million this year, and within DISA $20 , and we have seen comparable amounts of savings just by contract benchmarking against industry and other government sectors. I have directed DISA to create an unclassified commercial e-mail solution for the Department.    You have asked about cloud. We put out some new cloud directive. And based on some recommendation from the Defense Business Board, we have changed the way we engage industry and publish our documentation.    We have just published a joint cloud security and implementation guide. And when I mean joint, that was published with the complete cooperation and involvement of industry from the start. We have revised who can buy cloud, allowing the services now to go direct to the provider, not have to go through DISA, and put DISA in a role of being the security standards.    We continue to involve critical areas in mobility with smartphones, wireless and electronic flight bags. I brought two today.    This is the first dual persona unclassified Blackberry. We are now using this. This Android phone is capable of doing up to secret-level security work on it, and it is basically a modified commercial product. And the prices are coming down.    We need to do a comprehensive review of the DOD cyber workforce. But again, I think this an area where we may need help. Somehow we have got to have better movement between government and private industry in the career fields.    We ought to be able to wake up one day, be a private employee and the next day come in and be a government employee and keep that change. I think that expertise, particularly in the area of security we would gain, is vitally important.    In conclusion, we are trying to drive cultural, business, and technical improvements, innovation into DOD's IT to better support our mission and business operations. That requires teamwork.    I am happy to say I have good relations with General Hawkins, the director of DISA; Frank Kendall, who is a strong partner; Admiral Mike Rogers, who I have known for a long time as NSA and USCYBERCOM ; Mr. Eric Rosenbach, principal security adviser; and of course my partner in crime, Dave Tillotson, the acting Deputy Chief Management Officer; my colleagues here to the left.    We are expanding our relations with industry, and certainly we enjoy a great relationship with Congress. So I thank you for your interest and support, and I look forward to taking your questions.    Mr. Halvorsen. Sir, thank you.    Yes, we are making good progress on that. The JRSS, as we implemented the first set of software, already exposes more of the network than we had exposed before from CYBERCOM and from the new stood-up DODIN headquarters which is at DISA, which is now responsible for overseeing that under the operational control of Admiral Rogers.    The services have all been provided guidance, both operational guidance from Mike Rogers, policy guidance from my office, that says we will implement the JRSS. We have laid out the timelines. They are all committed, all team members. You have heard them all testify to that.    We have figured out the funding on how to do this. The next version of the software, which is version 2.0, will complete that picture so that all of the services can see the same picture as CYBERCOM. That is funded.    One of the ways we were able to do that is by looking at some of the business processes in DISA, taking that money and applying it inside of DISA to fund the software. That is step one. And I want to point out that JRSS is the first step.    The next step--and you have heard all of the services talk about how they collapse their enterprise networks. Each of the service entered at a different spot with regard to enterprise networks. They are all working to collapse that.    As we collapse the networks, that will also give us a better picture. It is a little physics. It is less for us to look at. So in addition to putting up the JRSS, we are working with all the services to collapse the total number of networks that frankly Mike has to look at and to make sure that are secure.    Mr. Halvorsen. I own JIE and making sure that that is complete to everybody's satisfaction. Mike Rogers owns it from an operational standpoint. The single point to make sure that it gets done from funding operations is my office.    Mr. Halvorsen. Sir, if you permit me I will first answer that. All of the services are completely committed to this and have funded.    And when we look at what the current condition is, the Department of Navy, and for truth in advertising my previous job was the Department of Navy's Chief Information Officer, collapsed its systems first around NGEN and previous NMCI. They are in some cases better positioned because of that to do and see their network better.    The Air Force and Army are moving very rapidly in that direction. The reason they are moving first behind JRSS is that will give them the same level of capability that the Marine Corps and Navy enjoy now. When the Navy and the Marine Corps, we go to JRSS 2.0, that gives everybody increased capability and everybody will move on that.    The Army and the Air Force will be completed in 2017 migration. The Navy and Marine Corps complete in 2018. That is an aggressive schedule to get all of the networks and the complexity done, but I think it is the right schedule and one that I do not think we can let slip. That is the goal.    You mentioned the ``Tank'' . I briefed the ``Tank'' two weeks ago. All of the service chiefs are 100 percent behind that and committed to making sure that we do not slip that date.    Mr. Halvorsen. Doing a couple things. I mean we have implemented all the directives. And you can see in all of our written testimony, we have complied with all the directives. And we will be implementing a deep insider threat.    But a couple things that I think illustrate what we have done is the biggest insider threat is from systems administrators, the guys that have complete access. We have strengthened the security requirements on those.    We will be in conjunction with Mike Rogers shortly, putting out some more detail on that. It requires them to be token-enabled on our way to making that completely CAC -enabled so you will have a visible identity of every system administrator.    We have put in place under Mike's direction, and we could go deeper in a different venue, the ability to see what system administrators are doing and some ability to monitor, I won't say abnormal behavior, but different behavior. When you are in a computer business it is hard.    So if they route traffic differently or if they are seeing some--if we are seeing them move things around differently, that ability is expanding within the Department in addition to all of the things that were directed in the NDAA, which we are on schedule to comply with.    General Ferrell. Congressman, in addition to what my colleague to my right has shared, we are also implementing an extensive educational program to educate our users on identifying the types of malisons that will occur on the network and how to mitigate that.    So again, we are really reaching out to--as well as putting the protection from the software on the computers, as well as monitoring the activities of the administrators, we are also doing the educational aspect as well.    Mr. Halvorsen. I think there was certainly some truth that we were a little fractured in what we had defined JIE. So with the help of my colleagues over the last year what we did was take a look at what is JIE.    JIE is a concept. We are not going to ever implement JIE. What we will implement is the steps that get us to a Joint Information Environment.    So what I can now tell you, and I think you have heard today, the first step of that is to get to the Joint Regional Security Stacks, phase one. Phase two is for us to then--how do we implement and take that into our mission and coalition partners. So they are the first two key, very physical, very visible, measurable.    You can put metrics on them, steps that we have to do with JIE. And I think we had not clarified that really, simply, until the last year. And that is--that may be what was the single biggest driver is that we really did clarify. Those are the key points that have to happen in that sequence.    Mr. Halvorsen. I think you have to do two things. I mean one of the things that this group has done is decide about some ways that we will all look at certain investments.    So we now have within this group a standardized business case analysis process. And when I say business case, our business is war.    So it also looks at the operational pieces, too. It is not just on the business systems. That is one way that we can all look and make sure that we are looking at things and measuring the same way.    It is okay for things to be different, particularly in the physical properties, different equipment, as long as it will perform to the same standards. It measures up to the same money, accountability, and all the other measures. We are doing better at that.    We are also looking at what is our current inventory of not just things but software and applications. One of the things that we are looking at now is how do our applications line up? I will give you an example.    When we look at logistics, about 80 percent of our logistics applications share a large majority of data elements that are the same. And I think that is the other change.    You really have to go to the data level. If those data elements are the same, maybe the first thing that we can do is start shrinking the number of systems, let the applications that the services need, because they do need to be distinct in some areas.    You pointed out right the Air Force, the Army, the Marine Corps they have different requirements on some of this. We can combine the data elements and wrap that. That is not a great term.    Wrap that around the different parts of the applications that each of the services need, share common data, protect it in one location. And it both reduces costs and improves your operational capability. We are looking hard at how we expand that effort.    Mr. Halvorsen. Sir, I don't think we could tell you that we are perfectly secure. I think that would be a bit ridiculous statement to make. What I can tell you is that we are doing the things you talked about.    And you talked about accountability. And I will get you a copy of the recent memo. But we did working together have the Deputy Secretary of Defense for the sign out a recent memo that improved accountability in how we hold individuals, both civilian and military, more accountable for their cyber actions. That is working.    We have had recent discussions about how do we raise the bar on cyber hygiene. As we have had our discussion with the cloud, I will tell you that the most contentious issue with industry--we are not dodging the hard question of how they will meet our requirements, and then frankly how will they respond when they have a penetration and lose our data?    What is the accountability that they are going to have. It is one of the things right now that is slowing the higher level cloud movement because we have not worked that out.    Industry has not yet said that they will abide by some of those rules. We are certainly open to them showing us different technology to do that. But they still have to show us that they are doing it. So we are having that dialogue.    We are looking at what it means to be cloud. So maybe I should expand just a minute on that. We are not going to just use commercial cloud. We will use every hybrid there.    DISA has the milCloud. And to their credit, they have dropped the rates so it is more competitive with commercial. But what it does do is it provides that extra level of security for the really valuable data that we just can't afford to lose.    The commercial world is working to move up to those standards. And as they do, we will put more into the cloud, but not until they meet those requirements. We are not lessening our security requirements. In some cases we are standardizing them. In other cases we are raising them.    And the conversation with industry, which they did not like but were happy to be engaged in, the way we are publishing the cloud documents, what we have had to tell them is the standards I put out today in this environment, in the IT world, they will change. And they might change in 6 months, depending on what the threat does. And we have told them they have to be reactive to that.    We are not going to put anything out there that does not meet the standards and that we have not looked at. And we are increasing the amount of red-teaming that we are doing across the board.    Mr. Halvorsen. I don't think we need to change the UCMJ today. I will tell you I think we need to enforce some of that. And it is not just the UCMJ because that would only govern our military as you know, but also the civilians.    We have got to enforce the policies. And I think that is mostly about educating the commanders on how they do that. The policy is there.    Cyber presents some problems even from the forensics side of how do you know who put it in. One of the reasons that we are doing more PKI -enabling and getting down to the single identity is that when you put it in we will know.    Once we have that I think you will see. And we are getting that more and more across the board. We have it on some systems. You will see us be able to actually hold an individual accountable for making a bad action on the network.    Mr. Halvorsen. In the short term we will lose 2 to 3 years. And that really sums it up. We will fall 2 to 3 years behind. You have heard the specific numbers. There are specific numbers in testimony. Sequestration will delay the modernization 2 to 3 years.    And that comes with all of the things you have heard today. If we don't do that we will be more vulnerable. We will maybe, using your definition, sir, of ``CLOUD'' if we don't get some modernization. We won't support the warfighters. They will be at risk.    Mr. Halvorsen. I can tell you that they have increased in this form over the last 3 to 5 years. They are certainly more capable. And that includes everything from your country state threats to terrorist groups that would be in the news today.    Any slowdown in our modernization will make it easier for even less complicated or less sophisticated groups to interfere with our business. It will expand the number of threats we will have to face if we don't carry through with some of the modernization and some of the security changes we are making. And they will be delayed by sequestration.    Mr. Halvorsen. I don't think we are losing the total edge. Do I think that particularly if we get sequestration, which would not impact, say some larger countries in the world that we were all concerned with? They will gain.    I mean that is a fact. I think right now we are in a good position in terms of the edge. But in IT that edge can disappear so very quickly.    And very candidly, this is public knowledge that the Chinese, the Russians, other groups are making investments in all of these areas. If we are not able to continue our plan we will lose some of that edge and they will gain capability.