    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Attorney General Lynch, for your time today and also for your patience.    It seems as though many people on the Committee would like to have some of your time.    Attorney General Lynch. That's quite all right.    Ms. Bass. And I listened to my colleague a minute ago, as well as my colleague Gutierrez, and he mentioned the letter. There's a letter, also, that I sent to your staff requesting a meeting with you. And perhaps what we could do is just join forces, because I didn't realize there were multiple letters.    Because the concern is really the increase in homicides in a number of cities and specifically the desire to sit down with you personally, as well as members of your staff, to look at various programs that the agency has that might be allocated in more of an emergency fashion, considering there has been a spike in specific cities.    So I would definitely like to continue following up. And, perhaps, if by the middle of next month we could have the meeting, it would be very good, since we've been asking for a while.    I wanted to know if you would tell us about some of the programs from a more global perspective. For example, the Federal-local partnership like B-FED, which I believe is the partnership between the Federal law enforcement and local police in Baltimore. If you could talk about how those efforts are helping to address a spike in Baltimore.    As well as you mentioned your summit, the summit that you had in Detroit. And I wanted to know if you could perhaps share some of the lessons from that summit in terms of how cities are able to address the spike.    And then, after that, I want to ask you a question about sex trafficking.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you for those questions on topics of great importance to me as Attorney General, to the Department of Justice, and to the American people.    With respect to the violent crime issues that we're facing, while, as we have noted, for a number of months and even the last year or so we're fortunate in that crime in general is down across the country and in all of our major cities crime generally is down, but we have neighborhoods where there is a persistent issue of violence. And we have neighborhoods where we either have not seen similar decreases or we have seen increases in violent crime.    In my former role as U.S. attorney in Brooklyn, I had many of those neighborhoods within my district, so I dealt with those on a daily basis. And I know the importance of a partnership in terms of dealing with that issue.    Baltimore is an excellent example of some of the resources the Federal Government is looking to bring to bear to deal with specific situations. We've partnered with the police department in Baltimore to provide an influx of Federal agents, focusing on the violent crime problem, to aid with the investigation and literally making those cases so that we can remove the violent offenders from the streets of Baltimore and allow the citizens to continue to flourish in that great city.    With respect to the summit that I had, because we were looking at this issue from a host of perspectives, actually, this summer, I asked my United States attorneys in cities that had seen an increase in violence in some neighborhoods to meet directly with their local partners and counterparts--district attorneys, police officers, sheriffs--and discuss the nature of the crime increase and try and focus on the reasons, to the extent that they could be gleaned from those discussions, for those increases.    We were able to essentially accumulate a great body of information there. And, as one can imagine, the reasons for crime differ depending upon the neighborhood.    Ms. Bass. Sure.    Attorney General Lynch. With that, we built on that and convened our Violent Crime Summit in October, where we had mayors and police chiefs and U.S. attorneys from those cities here in Washington speaking together, sharing best practices for crime reduction.    Ms. Bass. Great.    If there are--and I want to get to my last point and would ask the Chair's patience with this. Perhaps we could get the information from that summit that happened in October. If we could get those proceedings, it would be very helpful.    Finally, I wanted to ask you about sex trafficking, which I know is a high priority with you. And I wanted to know if you could mention any specific collaboration that is taking place with the Department of Health and Human Services, in particular, because we know that a percentage of the girls involved in trafficking are in the foster care system.    So the question is, is there collaboration between DOJ and DHHS, and can you speak to that?    Attorney General Lynch. Yes, certainly. We have a number of collaborations across different agencies. I cannot recall the specific ones with HHS, but I would certainly like to provide you with that information.    We also are working with the Department of Labor, and we're working with State and local law enforcement in many ways to not only improve enforcement but to provide services for the survivors. The services range from housing services to treatment to therapy and the like.    Ms. Bass. Okay. And I will follow up with you. Specifically, getting these girls back into the foster care system is really critical. So I'll specifically look for that collaboration.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.