    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, especially for that appropriate salutation. We'll try to make sure that Alabama stays on the radar for years to come unless they're regulated out of it.    Let's get back to the issue at hand. I know everybody's tired of questions and answers and--but a couple of points have been raised that I want to come back to. And there's two things about this whole issue of midnight regulations and really about how we're doing regulations, but particularly this idea that the executive branch, by executive fiat, can make law outside the legislative process. You lose transparency; you lose accountability. So that's one aspect of it. It's a constitutional aspect. And if we're going to have a constitutional government, we've got to get back to Congress making law rather than the executive branch bypassing Congress, making law through agencies.    But there's also the economic consequences. Ms. Kerrigan, there is a report out of Brookings, came out in May of 2014 that indicated that business dynamism is in decline. Have you seen that in your field of work? And here's a slide from that report that I want to draw your attention to.    Mr. Palmer. That's a pretty severe slide over the last few decades.    Mr. Palmer. Well, I'm going to get to that in a moment. That's a little bit different. This indicates some stagnation in entrepreneurism.    Mr. Palmer. Yes, new business----    Mr. Palmer. --creation. And in respect to this, how much of this is--do you think is attributable to regulation not just by the federal government but at every level?    Mr. Palmer. Well, that's the whole point is, for instance, Dodd-Frank. We've only issued half of the regulations that will come out of Dodd-Frank. And if you look at all of the regulations that have been issued, all the pages of regulation during the last seven years, for instance, I think it's somewhere north of 25,000 pages, Mr. Chairman, and that includes all the regulations related to ObamaCare, somewhere north of 25,000 pages. But Dodd-Frank by itself right now is over 27,000 pages.    So we have an environment that is not conducive to risk-taking, it's not conducive to capital investment, and as a matter of fact, there's--I think Mr. Loudermilk mentioned it--that the cost of regulations on our economy last year was right around $2 trillion. That's a little over $15,000 per household. Some people say that's a hidden tax. Well, it's not a tax. I mean, at least a tax goes to fund something.    Mr. Palmer. And it's not hidden. It's buried in everything that you come in contact with, and it's killing us in terms of disposable income that would go into the economy and in terms of investment capital that could go into business startups. And it's had an impact on business growth. The United States, in terms of other industrialized nations, we don't rank in the top two, three. We're not number five. We're number 12. We're behind Hungary.    There's another slide I'd like for the committee staff to put up.    Mr. Palmer. This is where we are in terms of businesses starting versus businesses closing. Prior to 2008, on a regular basis we had 100,000 more businesses start up than closed. From 2008 forward, we're now running at 70,000 more businesses closing than starting up.    And I just--you work with small business. I just want to ask you to--again, to comment on this and how this uncertainty that we've created with an overregulated economy not only again at the federal level, the state level, the local level is a driver behind this.    Mr. Palmer. Having come out of a think tank environment working in a think tank world for 25 years, I'm very much data-driven. But I'm also informed by what I hear on the street. And I constantly run into people who talk to me about the regulatory environment, the uncertainty, and how difficult it is today to start a business. And I've literally heard guys tell me that they're going to shut their business because it's just not worth it anymore. I've heard guys say I was thinking about expanding; I'm just not going to do it because it's just not worth it anymore.    And this is a huge issue, Mr. Chairman. I thank the committee for having this hearing, and my time is expired. I yield.