    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Thank you very much.    Mr. Sewell, I think you know that I have been one of the privacy hawks on this Committee. And the whole debate over the USA FREEDOM Act was whether the NSA should go to court and get some type of an order or a warrant specifically naming the person or persons whose data is requested. And here, the FBI, you know, has done that.    Now, in your prepared testimony, you said the questions about encryption should be decided by Congress rather than through a warrant based on a 220-year-old statute. I point out that the Bill of Rights is about the same age. Now, the FBI's attempting to enforce a lawful court order. Apple has every right to challenge that order, as you have done. But why is Congress and not the courts the best venue to decide this issue?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Now, what's your proposed legislative response? Do you have a bill for us to consider?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Thank you. That answers that.    Now, the FBI has provided some fairly specific policy proposals to ensure that law enforcement can access encrypted data with a warrant. What policy proposal would Apple support? You don't like what the FBI said. What's your specific response?    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Well, you know, let me make this observation, you know, having dealt with the fallout of the Snowden revelations and the drafting and garnering support of USA FREEDOM Act. I can tell you, I don't think you're going to like what comes out of Congress.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. Okay. Well, the thing is, I don't understand. You don't like what's being done with the lawfully-issued warrant. And most warrants are issued on an ex parte basis, where law enforcement submits an affidavit before a magistrate or a judge, and the judge determines whether the allegations of the affidavit are sufficient for the warrant to issue.    Now, you're operating in a vacuum. You've told us what you don't like. You said that Congress ought to debate and pass legislation. You haven't told us one thing about what you do like. What are we going to hear what you do like so that Apple has a positive solution to what you are complaining about? You said it's Congress' job to do it. Now, we won't shirk from that. This hearing, you know, is a part of this debate. The FBI has provided some policy suggestions on that. You haven't said what Apple will support. So all you've been doing is saying, no, no, no, no.    Now, our job in Congress, honestly, you know, as we did with the FREEDOM Act, and as we are doing with the Electronic Communications Privacy Act update, is to balance our belief that there should be privacy for people who are not guilty or suspected of terrorist activity, and that there should be judicial process, which there has been, in this case.    And, you know, I guess that while your position is because you don't have anything positive, you know, is to simply leave us to our own devices. Well, we'll be very happy to do that, but I can guarantee you, you aren't going to like the result.    I yield back.    Mr. Sensenbrenner. No. You know, the thing is you've asked Congress to do something, and I asked you what Congress should do. You said we have nothing. Then I said the FBI has provided specific policy proposals to ensure law enforcement is able to get this information.    Now, here we're talking about the iPhone of a dead terrorist that was not owned by the terrorist, but was owned by San Bernardino County. Now, you know, the thing is is that I don't have a government iPhone. I have my own iPhone, which I use extensively. But the terrorist had, you know, a government iPhone which belonged to the government. I think the government, San Bernardino County specifically, would like to get to the bottom of this, and you're resisting it.    I said my peace.