    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, gentlemen, for your thoughtful testimony.    Earlier on in this Congress, last March, we had a hearing with Ms. Wormuth, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, and I asked her a question related to what is the administration's policy toward Syria. And it was quite clear in her testimony that there was no coherent strategy toward Syria, and I think that is clearly still the case today.    I agree with your assessment that we must have a Syria-first approach to much of the regional instability in the Middle East, but one significant player that has not been brought up today is the role of Russia.    I would love to get your feedback on the fact that the vacuum that the United States has left has allowed Russia to fill that vacuum, propping up the Assad regime, and how that will play into the geopolitics of phasing Assad out.    Ms. Stefanik. Ambassador Ford.    Ambassador Ford. We need to get to peace talks. And getting to peace talks, by itself, isn't the answer. That is just a venue. What really is needed is deep concessions, deep compromises on the two sides to the conflict, Assad's government and its opposition.    I think the Russian intervention has made it infinitely harder to get the concessions needed from the Assad side of the table, which will impede getting to a new national unity government. And so, therefore, I don't see what the Russians have done so far as very positive.    If I thought the Russians were going to use their new and improved leverage against Assad in the peace talks, then I would feel better. But the fact that they are using cluster bombs, the fact that they are targeting civilian areas regularly, the fact that they are targeting aid convoys, humanitarian aid convoys regularly, this does not look like a Russian policy designed to extract concessions from Bashar al-Assad to advance a peace process.    Ms. Stefanik. Great.    And in my last 39 seconds, I want to shift gears here. One of the proposals that has been introduced by some of the leaders, military leaders--General Petraeus is one--do you think an additional four-star commander headquarters under CENTCOM is necessary for effective command and control of Operation Inherent Resolve?    Ms. Stefanik. Any other feedback?    Thanks.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Walz.