    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    This is an important hearing, and I appreciate the participation here. It's our second document production status hearing. Our invitation letters for these hearings went out 4 or 5 weeks in advance, as opposed to the normal 2-week notice. The extra time will allow for some cooperation and, hopefully, for some document production.    For our first hearing in January, we invited 10 agencies. When the hearing occurred, we had resolved our differences with five agencies. It was highly productive to do so.    For this hearing, we invited eight agencies, but three remain, three of the most problematic agencies that we have run into.    Our expectations have not changed. When you get a letter from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, it is not optional. When you get a subpoena from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, it is not optional. It is not a game that we are trying to play where agencies try to hide the documents as long as possible and run out the clock. It impedes our ability to do our jobs. And you have a constitutional duty, role, and responsibility to provide those documents to this Congress.    We require extensive cooperation. Most of the agencies that we deal with do it in a fair, honest, and prompt way. For any given investigation, we often need 10 to 15 witnesses to appear before us for transcribed interviews. When the committee sends a document request, we expect an honest effort to collect and respond to those requests. We expect communication. We expect to be informed, and we expect those agencies and the people that represent those agencies to be honest and straight with us. And we expect you to work with us in good faith, which basically means when you make a commitment, you do what you say you are going to do. For me personally, as a principle, it is one of the most important things you can do. Just do what you say you are going to do.    Today, we are going to hear from a group of senior agency officials from three Cabinet departments. The Office of Management and Budget is here to address its response to a subpoena for materials from its OIRA component, the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, related to the Waters of the United States rulemaking. OIRA is an office created by Congress, and the job is to review draft and proposed regulations and to ensure continuity across government in that rulemaking process.    We will also hear from the Department of Health and Human Services. We want to discuss their refusal to produce documents related to ObamaCare CO-OPs and exchanges. And the Department of Homeland Security will discuss our oversight request related to the Secret Service, the TSA, and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement, often known as ICE.    Let's talk first about OIRA. They have failed to comply with the committee's subpoena issued over 9 months ago. This is a subpoena that was issued on July 14 of 2015. The committee has been investigating this matter for more than a year. To date, OIRA has produced about 6,000 pages. Roughly 80 percent of those pages are meaningless because they are either duplicates or just copies of the publicly available rule. Despite what is in his testimony from Mr. Shelanski, let me repeat, 80 percent of that is meaningless because they are duplicates or they are publicly available.    By way of comparison, the EPA voluntarily produced more than 22,000 pages related to the rule in the same amount of time. Likewise, the State of Michigan voluntarily produced more than 43,000 pages in response to Flint in just 2 weeks. I am not saying we are done with them, but you can understand the volume that we are getting and the swift manner that we are getting.    Problems go beyond withholding documents. OIRA has intentionally misled and misdirected our investigators. For example, for more than a year, OIRA failed to identify four key officials who reviewed the rule. Let's remember that OIRA has less than 100 employees. This is not some big, massive bureaucracy with thousands of people. You can literally walk around the halls and around the corner and go find the person that you need.    It was only after we started conducting transcribed interviews under oath the names surfaced, and we still don't know if OIRA searched their emails as well. We hope to find out today.    Administrator Shelanski testified before this committee that he had no communication with the EPA about this rulemaking and that OIRA does not engage with agencies before a formal rule review is commenced, although the committee has uncovered documents and information proving both of these statements as untrue and false.    Mr. Shelanski, we expect you to answer under oath today and clarify this.    Health and Human Services, we invited the Department of Health and Human Services today because persistent problems at exchanges and CO-OPs have cost taxpayers billions of dollars and left many consumers scrambling to find health insurance. The CO-OP problem is particularly problematic. Twelve of 23 CO-OPs have failed. Eight of the 11 remaining CO-OPs are predicted to fail this year. Health and Human Services has not provided any valid legal reason for withholding the information from this committee. Rather, they assert that if certain information was released publicly, it could cause consumers to think twice before enrolling in CO-OP insurance plans.    We know CO-OPs are failing. Given the well-documented troubles, the committee has had a strong interest in ensuring the administration is doing all it can to safeguard the $2.4 billion in taxpayer dollars loaned to these failing CO-OPs. There's an additional $5 billion in Federal grants on the line that States received to establish their own exchanges. Exchanges are plagued by security flaws, call center glitches, Web site failures, software problems, lower than expected enrollment numbers, and deficient processes for determining eligibility.    Our efforts to obtain information on these programs have been met with unexplained delays and what seems like bad faith.    And in Homeland Security--we have a witness here from the Department of Homeland Security. They are here to answer for three separate inquiries. Each of the inquiries involves a different agency: the Transportation Security Administration, the TSA; the Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE; and the United States Secret Service. In each of these cases, the committee requested documents and testimony directly from the relevant DHS component. The DHS subsequently inserted itself as the gatekeeper for documents and testimony.    Homeland Security has perfected the art of stonewalling. Specifically, Homeland Security failed to meet a host of deadlines in response to committee letters, many which were bipartisan in their nature, and provided only redacted materials, despite subpoenas clearly instructing otherwise. Homeland Security also stalled on making employees available for transcribed interviews. When the committee was finally able to interview one of the employees, DHS attorneys refused to let the employee answer the committee's question of whether the employee had been discouraged from appearing before the committee. This is textbook obstruction, and it will not stand.    A successful working relationship between a congressional committee and an executive branch agency requires effort, communication, and good faith on both sides. We need transparency, and we have to have an understanding of what is happening. And it is our decision, Congress' decision, what we investigate, not yours. And we will make sure that we go and follow the truth wherever it may take us, and that requires documents and the interaction with people.    I yield back and now recognize the ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written statement.    I will now recognize our witnesses, starting with Howard Shelanski, the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs at the Office of Management and Budget.    We also have the Honorable Jim--help me pronounce your last name.    Chairman Chaffetz. --Esquea, Assistant Secretary for Legislation at the United States Department of Health and Human Services, and Mr. Jonathan Meyer, Deputy General Counsel at the Office of General Counsel at the United States Department of Homeland Security.    We thank you all for being here. Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that all of the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    We are now going to recognize each of you for your oral statement, which we would appreciate if you would limit to 5 minutes, so we maximize the time for questions. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    Mr. Shelanski, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Esquea, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Meyer, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shelanski, I want to start with you. On March 3, 2015, our colleague here, Mr. Meadows of North Carolina, asked you some questions regarding the Waters of the United States and made a request for documents. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. May 12, 2015, the committee issued you a letter requesting information regarding the Waters of the United States. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. On July 14, 2015, I issued a subpoena from this committee to you and the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. You received that subpoena. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you understand the subpoena?    Chairman Chaffetz. Was there any ambiguity about the subpoena?    Chairman Chaffetz. The subpoena right here, one sentence essentially in terms of the schedule: all documents and communications referring or relating to the Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of Army rule defining the scope of the waters protected under the Clean Water Act.    Is there anything that you didn't understand about that?    Chairman Chaffetz. What percentage of the documents in your agency have been provided to this committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why should we settle for anything less than 100 percent?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you believe we should get 100 percent of the documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you believe we should get 100 percent of the documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. You are under obligation to the subpoena. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why have you not given us 100 percent of the documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no. That's not the question. Responsiveness, from my viewpoint, on a subpoena that was issued in July of 2015 would be give us 100 percent of the documents. Let me ask you another way. What do you think the United States Congress should not see?    Chairman Chaffetz. So have you given us 100 percent of the documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. Have you given us 100 percent of the documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why?    Chairman Chaffetz. How much time does it take?    Chairman Chaffetz. But what are you redacting? Name a single thing that the United States Congress should not see in those documents.    Chairman Chaffetz. It's the ones you haven't been turned over that I'm most worried about. What are you hiding? What are you hiding? Why does it take two hearings, a subpoena, letters, requests, and you still are nonresponsive?    Chairman Chaffetz. I want know what percentage. I want to know what percentage.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no, no. Let me make this real clear. I want 100 percent of the documents. That's what's in the subpoena. What documents in your possession did you not give us?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many people are reviewing these materials?    Chairman Chaffetz. Who are those people? Name them.    Chairman Chaffetz. No. I want their names.    Chairman Chaffetz. Have you provided documents to others in the government that you have not provided to Congress?    Chairman Chaffetz. Have you provided 100 percent of what's in your possession to the United States Congress?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Shelanski, I'm on the verge of recommending and pushing forward a contempt citation on you personally, and so I want to know. I'm trying to give you every opportunity. It's the second hearing. Why should we not hold you in contempt of Congress?    Chairman Chaffetz. That was in July of 2015.    Chairman Chaffetz. I have got to wrap up here. Who is Vlad Dorjets? Who is he?    Chairman Chaffetz. If we call him in for a transcribed interview, will you make him available?    Chairman Chaffetz. You're the Administrator. You're the head of the office. Are you or are you not--because I'll issue a subpoena. So tell me right now, what are we going to do?    Chairman Chaffetz. Cortney Higgins.    Chairman Chaffetz. Stuart Levenbach.    Chairman Chaffetz. Amanda Thomas.    Chairman Chaffetz. How many people in your office?    Chairman Chaffetz. And how many people have been touching these documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm just asking how many people is that?    Chairman Chaffetz. See this is--you're in the second hearing within a month. You're going to be setting records here, Mr. Shelanski. Our request was pretty simple, and it was a long time ago. You're leaving us with no other choices because when we issue a subpoena, it's not a suggestion. It's not a, ``Hey, let's start the review process.'' It's a demand. It's a compulsion to provide the documents that are in your possession, and you failed to do that. You've failed to recognize how important it is, and you are failing to live up to the obligations, your fiduciary responsibility to comply with that subpoena. My time is well expired. I'll now go to Mr. Connolly of Virginia and recognize him for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. When?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania for 6-1/2 minutes in equal time.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    I now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank you gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois for 6 minutes. Ms. Kelly.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentlewoman yield before she--yield to me before she yields back?    Chairman Chaffetz. The subpoena that we're talking about with the Secret Service was issued on July 9 of 2015. I did this in conjunction with the letters with Mr. Cummings. The letters and requests that we did were not being responded to. And one of the challenges that I think we have, for instance, looking at this document, it takes them so long at Homeland Security to respond to these documents because they take so much time to redact the very information that we need. So we get a document like this. This is about an investigation regarding a confidential--people in the Secret Service using assets that are dedicated for our confidential informants, using it for retirement parties and to reimburse their individual credit cards. And when they spend this much time, everything in blue is redacted, and they redact all that information, then we are left with a document that they've spent a lot of time on instead of just handing it over to us.    It really does beg the question, why do they have to redact anything from the Congress? What is it that they're--that we're not supposed to see?    In Atlanta, the President of the United States was found in an elevator with a person who had been arrested--arrested. And he had a gun on him, and the Secret Service didn't know about it. So we've asked for months upon months for that information. They sent us this document. All of the names are redacted. I mean, it's just list after list of redactions.    And my question to members on this panel and to the Congress--to those that are testifying, what is it that they don't think they should share with Congress? Because I don't--I don't think there should be anything. They trust us with a lot of sensitive information. So, rhetorically, I ask, what information do you not want to see?    I'll yield back.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. Go ahead.    Chairman Chaffetz. No. I appreciate it. You're--if the gentlewoman will yield. I think your heart and your passion is in the right direction, but I can--as far as the Secret Service is concerned, that is about as bipartisan as this committee has ever done. I don't know how to be any more bipartisan than what we're doing on the Secret Service, but the reality is they still have not provided the information to this Congress. They are still hiding stuff and documents from this committee. And we know it's in their possession, because they give it to us in redacted format, and that's what's outrageous and that--there is no justification for that. There is no justification for that.    If it's confidential or if it's classified, then we'll deal with it in a classified setting, but we still have a right to get it. When we're doing an investigation of the Secret Service, and we've done so in as bipartisan manner as we can--I think I've made my point.    I yield back.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    All right. I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. If you can please move that microphone just a little bit closer. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I agree with the gentleman.    The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from New Jersey, Mrs. Watson Coleman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentlewoman yields back.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, if the gentleman will yield.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Meyer, what do you believe Congress has no right to look at?    Chairman Chaffetz. What is legitimate oversight, in your mind?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, you used the word. I didn't----    Chairman Chaffetz. Who gets to decide what legitimate oversight is?    Chairman Chaffetz. So what--I'm trying to--my time is short. Very specifically, name something you don't think the Congress has the right to see.    Chairman Chaffetz. And who can offer the executive privilege?    Chairman Chaffetz. So the President personally has to do that. And if done so----    Chairman Chaffetz. --it is common practice to offer a log of those items. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. And has the President issued or cited executive privilege on any of the issues that we have been talking about or any of the subpoenas or letter requests?    Chairman Chaffetz. No. I'm talking about just Homeland Security.    Chairman Chaffetz. So there's no executive privilege, you can't cite a single thing Congress shouldn't see, so why do you redact materials?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you believe names are important?    Chairman Chaffetz. See, this is why we think you're totally nonresponsive. You're playing a game of obstruction. I will explore this more.    It's time now to recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentleman will yield to me prior to yielding back, I'd appreciate it.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Esquea, why should we settle for an in-camera review?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no, no.    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait a second. I issued you a subpoena, right----    Chairman Chaffetz. --Health and Human Services a subpoena?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you feel an obligation to provide that information to this committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you don't believe that a subpoena is compulsion to provide the documentation to the committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. Where----    Chairman Chaffetz. Where do you get the legal justification to provide access as opposed to providing?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, I'm at a disadvantage----    Chairman Chaffetz. --but----    Chairman Chaffetz. Is there a national security concern?    Chairman Chaffetz. It could be embarrassing. It's just----    Chairman Chaffetz. --because of embarrassment?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm going to come back this. My time has expired.    I want to recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes plus.    Chairman Chaffetz. One of the things sitting before us, the reason we have Homeland Security here, is our investigation into the Secret Service, and that's been as bipartisan as can possibly be.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well----    Chairman Chaffetz. Again, let's focus on the hearing here. I think there is a good--there are millions and millions of dollars going out the door in art and artifacts. I will talk to you more about that, but the gentlemen that are sitting here before us have topics that are very relevant to the committee and I--Homeland Security, which you asked a question; Secret Service, it couldn't be more bipartisan.    Chairman Chaffetz. The Department of Defense is not testifying today.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. And I think----    Chairman Chaffetz. And when you see the conclusion of this, I think you'll be mystified as to how we're spending millions and millions of dollars going out the door and how it's out. That's one of the parts of our jurisdiction----    Chairman Chaffetz. --is the Department of Archives.    Chairman Chaffetz. Happy to do so.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, we----    Chairman Chaffetz. Until the agency provides that information, we have reason to believe that there is a lot of waste, fraud, and abuse. And to ask these agencies to provide that information, which should be right at their fingerprints, tell us what's in your possession, that is not a difficult request.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield----    Chairman Chaffetz. --prior to yielding back?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Esquea, you cannot simultaneously sit and tell this committee and testify, ``We're doing all we can do,'' which was your quote, and still not provide them to this committee. If you were doing all you can do, you would actually provide those documents to the committee. Your assertion that an in-camera review is an appropriate response to a subpoena is fiction. There's no basis in law.    Is it your testimony that the Health and Human Services Secretary, Ms. Burwell, has no intention of complying with the subpoena? Is that your testimony?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is there anything that is ambiguous--is there any ambiguity about the nature of the subpoena? You obviously have these materials. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. No. You----    Chairman Chaffetz. But they're in your possession; they're not in our possession.    Chairman Chaffetz. Are you testifying that you have no intention of making those materials--giving those materials to the United States Congress?    Chairman Chaffetz. It's not available to us unless you give it to us. And so my staff cannot review it at their leisure. Our members cannot access that information immediately by coming down to the committee rooms. Your definition is fiction. You're making it up. It's not part of the law.    I'm going to ask you one more time: Are you or are you not going to take those materials and give them, as they're required under the subpoena, to the United States Congress, this committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. If you will make them, you will comply with the subpoena and give them to us. Are you or are you not going to do that?    Chairman Chaffetz. I--no. I'm not in a negotiation mode. When I issue a subpoena to you, it's not a negotiation point. You owe these documents to the United States Congress based on this subpoena.    Are you or are you not going to give this committee, the United States Congress, these documents that are under subpoena, yes or no? Yes or no?    Chairman Chaffetz. I recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I share and concur with the frustration that Mr. Cummings is expressing. The minority staff has less staff than we do in the majority, and certainly Homeland Security has, by the tens of thousands, in fact, hundreds of thousands, more people than we do on either of our staffs here in Congress. And the unprofessional nature in which their responses have been happening is totally and wholly unacceptable. And I stand by Mr. Cummings in that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Totally agree. There is a basic principle in equal access. The information is pivotal to our doing our jobs, both as Members and the staff. Their job is hard enough, let alone trying to figure out which documents are being hid where.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank both gentlemen. I will now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I'll now recognize myself. Mr. Meyer, a series of questions for you. Are you aware of regular meetings at the White House involving legislative affairs officials from various agencies?    Chairman Chaffetz. Have you ever attended these meetings?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you know how often the White House holds these meetings?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you know who coordinates these meetings at the White House?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you know what the purpose is?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you coordinate requests from Congress with the White House?    Chairman Chaffetz. What would they not have equities in?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking, what equities does the White House have at Homeland Security?    Chairman Chaffetz. So what role does the White House play in providing guidance on document production?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, outside of the legislative affairs, are there similar meetings at the White House for Department counsel, and have you ever attended any of those meetings?    Chairman Chaffetz. How often do those happen?    Chairman Chaffetz. But how often do the meetings happen? Even though you may have gone there only a few times, how often do the meetings happen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Last Friday, the committee conducted a transcribed interview of a TSA witness whose testimony the committee requested in January. You're familiar with this interview?    Chairman Chaffetz. When the committee attorneys asked the witness whether they had been discouraged from speaking with the committee, both the agency and the Department attorney repeatedly refused to allow the witness to answer the question, even going so far as to interrupt when the witness appeared willing to answer. How does the Department justify this?    Chairman Chaffetz. No. I want to get specific to that so-called attorney-client privilege. It's the practice of the House of Representatives to leave to the congressional committee the determination of whether to recognize claims of attorney-client privilege or attorney work product. In this case, there is not a compelling reason to recognize the privilege.    Further, I would go on to say I believe you're intimidating somebody. I believe it's intimidating to have attorneys saying: Don't answer that question.    I'll go back to my original--or the question I asked you earlier. What is it that you think that we shouldn't be able to see here in Congress?    Chairman Chaffetz. What other guidance and directives did you give to the witness prior to them coming and testifying before Congress?    Chairman Chaffetz. How long did you meet with him?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you spent an hour to an hour and a half prior to testifying before Congress. What direction or directives did you give him?    Chairman Chaffetz. The attorney-client privilege, whether you recognize it or not, belongs to the witness, not to the Department. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Was he pleading the Fifth?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did anybody in the Department--did the Department attorney contact you or anyone else in your office during the interview to seek guidance on this issue?    Chairman Chaffetz. What was so invasive about that question or questions that you felt it imperative to make sure that Congress never heard the answer?    Chairman Chaffetz. Are you familiar with the anti-gag rider?    Chairman Chaffetz. You're not?    Chairman Chaffetz. You're not familiar with the law that says you cannot--you're not familiar with that----    Chairman Chaffetz. The rider states that no appropriations are available to pay the salary of any Federal employee who, quote, ``prohibits or prevents or attempts or threatens to prohibit or prevent,'' end quote, any other Federal employee from, quote, ``having any direct oral or written communication,'' end quote, with Congress.    Chairman Chaffetz. The Lloyd-La Follette Act of 1912.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm assuming that was from before you were born.    Chairman Chaffetz. And that was what you stated, since before you were born. We will further explore this, but I think you're intimidating the witness. I think you're providing counsel that is inconsistent with the law, and I think, as such, anybody who is providing that information should have their pay duly docked, and the government should recover that.    Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Just the last point there. I wasn't in the room, but what I've been told by staff is he was willing to answer the question. He started to answer the question when counsel jumped in and insisted that he not answer the question. That's what I have a problem with.    Mr. Cummings and I, on February 18 of 2015, Mr. Meyer, 2015, more than a year ago, jointly sent a letter, along with Mr. DeSantis and Mr. Lynch, requesting some information. There were 16 issues, 16 topics. There are still topics that we have had no production on, literally not a document on. We further have issued subpoenas, but why is it that we can't get a single document out of Homeland Security regarding Secret Service, the April 2012 Cartagena incident? Why aren't you providing that information to us?    Chairman Chaffetz. At what point do we get frustrated enough--we issued you a subpoena. Was that not good enough? Item 15 is where we have had no response I believe. Why should we not hold you in contempt?    Chairman Chaffetz. Nothing under item No. 15, not one document.    Chairman Chaffetz. You know, our patience is pretty well exhausted on this, and you leave us with no other remedy. You leave us with no other choice. The three of you are here for a reason. You earned it. You earned it because you're not being responsive to duly issued subpoenas. I do hope--I really do hope at some point you--well, I don't want to make it too personal, but I got to tell you, you have a fiduciary responsibility, and our checks and balances, our constitutional form of government only works if we have good, honest, decent people who actually comply with the law. And when we issue a subpoena, it's the law. You can come up with all the excuses and all the things you want to hide out there, but when we issue a subpoena from the Congress, it's not optional. You have to provide it, not to your counsel, not to Legislative Affairs, but to the United States Congress. That's how it works.    Mr. Shelanski, do you believe that Congress has the authority to investigate and legislate regarding the Waters of the United States?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you believe that the concerns or questions we have about WOTUS and OIRA are within the committee's legitimate areas of interest. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. That we may need to consider some legislative action, and the documents under subpoena might assist us in that effort. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is it true that there are documents that your search turned up that are currently sitting with your general counsel but have not been given to Congress?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you have no idea when we'll receive those documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. And how many total documents have you turned over to the Office of General Counsel that have not been given to the Congress?    Chairman Chaffetz. We issued that in your letter. We put it in the March 18. This is like a month ago. We sent this to you to be prepared to answer that question.    Chairman Chaffetz. It's a simple exercise to go in and look at what is sitting in the General Counsel's Office that you haven't yet given to Congress. That is not a difficult mathematical equation. You received the invitation to testify specifically on this information more than a month ago, and for your unwillingness to provide that information under oath today is just without excuse.    Chairman Chaffetz. We gave you a month to come up with it. You can't even tell me how many are sitting in there.    Chairman Chaffetz. You can err on the side of giving us too much information, but what you're choosing to do is to hide the documents from the United States Congress. That's my opinion. We have well established this through----    Chairman Chaffetz. We have got to conclude this at some point.    Chairman Chaffetz. For a subpoena--the document requests have been going on for a year. We have had enough.    The last thing from me. Mr. Meyer, why do you give us documents with these redactions? Why? It takes longer than just producing them. They're under subpoena from the United States Congress. What justification do you have for redacting these documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me give you a couple of--we have information that the Secret Service personnel, some of them, were inappropriately using funds that were allocated for confidential informants, that they were using those for their own retirement party and to pay off credit cards. We are doing a legitimate investigation here. It's something of critical importance. These people stand with a gun by the President of the United States. You redact out the date of the incident, the location of the incident, the lead inspector of the incident, the reviewing supervisor of the incident, the date the case went to the administrative review, the destroy date, the last update by, the names of the people that are involved in this. So what justification do you have? What is the national security imperative that says you can't give us, the Congress, the date of the incident?    Chairman Chaffetz. How can you not have seen them?    Chairman Chaffetz. Homeland Security insists that we work through Homeland Security on Secret Service issues. They're part of Homeland Security. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, I am asking you specifically about these incident reports. Whose responsibility, when I issue a subpoena, whose responsibility is it to provide full and complete information?    Chairman Chaffetz. Who specifically? The Secretary? Correct? Who does he hire to do that?    Chairman Chaffetz. So who specifically in Homeland Security on your team reviews the Secret Service redactions? Who does that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Give me some names. I want to know who they are.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to know who they are. I want their names.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you for specific names. I know what their responsibilities are. When will you provide me those names?    Chairman Chaffetz. You say you're not involved.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you a simple question, Mr. Meyer. When will you provide this committee the names of people who were involved in creating the redactions on the Secret Service documents that were under subpoena?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you when.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you when.    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you to come up with a date to tell me who reviews the Secret Service redactions. That's not a difficult request.    Chairman Chaffetz. And I'm giving you time to come up with those. Seriously. Come on. You watched this YouTube video. I mean, come on. This is what we're up against. Give me a date, a reasonable date, to come up with the names of people who were involved in creating the redactions on the Secret Service documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. Come up with an actual specific date. How about May 5? Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. This is the game that we play, and it's what makes people sick and disgusted with their government. It makes them sick and disgusted with these agencies and the bureaucracy that won't be responsive to the American people. We're trying to do a legitimate oversight of the Secret Service. You've got people that are misusing funds. We have established that, and you're playing games with us, with the very people that are holding these guns near the President of the United States, his daughters, his wife, and you're playing these kind of games with us. I don't know how you justify it. I don't know how you justify your existence. When the Congress introduces a subpoena, it is the law of the land that you provide those documents to the United States Congress, not go back and start using your Wite-Out and making sure that we don't see that information. This is one of the most frustrating things we do in the United States Congress, and I better stop saying any more before I say something that goes too far.    Mr. Cummings, do you have any other?    Chairman Chaffetz. The committee stands adjourned.