    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and you may wonder why I am here, but we have a lot of space activity in Alaska, more primary launches. But you know, I was just sitting here thinking, you know, in 1492, Columbus sailed the ocean blue without any regulations, and I am a little concerned in this new vision that you have, and thank you, all of you, for this, that what we have watched over the years is regulations stifle the imagination, the entrepreneurship, and this is a fledgling industry. It really is something that is down the road. I will never see the final of it, I know that, but it is something I believe this Nation is going to be faced with, and it will be exciting. It will be something that we can all look upon with great pride.    What I don't want is the baby to be suffocated with too many blankets. And all due respect to you, Dr. Nield, the FAA doesn't have the greatest reputation in the world right now, and we are working on a renewal of that bill, as you know. And I just wondered, Dr. Nield, do you think that you should be the agency or should we have another group of people that would write regulations with the cooperation of the industry itself?    I am afraid you are going the get some college graduate, or some noncollege graduate, involved writing regulation not knowing the effect upon industry, which has happened in a lot of other agencies. Do you think you are--you are the only one in the street now. Do you think you are the appropriate one, or should there be another agency to work with the industry to make sure it is safe?    Mr. Young. Again, my concern is, Mr. Chairman, maybe there ought to be some type of direction so that that cooperation continues because the agency itself changes personnel and they change attitudes--not just you. I am talking about every agency--about how the industry should interface with one another. The biggest complaint we are having after my years in Congress is the people directly affected are never consulted when the regulations are being written.    Does anybody want to comment on that? Mr. Gold?    Mr. Young. Yeah. That is right.    Mr. Young. That is right.    Mr. Young. Well, again, I hope, Dr. Nield, you understand, if you get more funding, it is going to go directly to the program that has space exploration, not being spread around looking at my tail numbers on my airplane, if you follow what I am saying.    So that is just--my time is up, and I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allowing me to participate.