    Mr. Neumann. I want to thank you, Chairman Murphy and Ranking Member DeGette and members of the subcommittee, for inviting me here today to discuss GAO's report on the oversight of high-containment laboratories, which was publicly released for this hearing.    Over the last 2 years, safety lapses at Federal high-containment laboratories have raised concerns about department and agency oversight of these facilities.    These labs work with hazardous biological agents such as the virus that causes smallpox, a contagious and sometimes fatal infectious disease to humans, as well as live anthrax bacteria which has the potential to seriously threaten both human and animal health.    High-containment labs do important work with pathogens such as developing vaccines and counter measures and conducting research to understand emerging infectious diseases.    However, some of these pathogens also have the potential for high-consequence accidents if handled improperly. Today, I would like to briefly highlight the findings from our report.    First, we found that most of the eight departments and 15 agencies with high-containment labs do not have comprehensive or up to date policies.    We considered policies to be comprehensive if they included the following six key elements for managing pathogens in high-containment labs, the first one being incident reporting, inventory control, inspections, clear roles and responsibilities, training and adherence to the leading biosafety guidance for laboratories published by CDC and NIH.    While departments and agencies had policies in place, as I noted most were not comprehensive, meaning that they did not include all these elements.    In addition, some policies were not up to date as they had not been reviewed and updated in accordance with their internal review schedules and in some cases these policies had not been reviewed in close to 10 years.    These policies and the six key elements are an important foundation for lab safety. But policies alone will not ensure the lab personnel are adhering to them. This brings me to our second finding.    Most of the department's agencies were using inspections or audits as a primary way of overseeing their high-containment labs. But they were often not routinely reporting inspection results to senior officials.    Getting these inspection results to senior officials is important because these results can be used to identify trends and systemic safety issues and ensure that needed improvements are made across all the labs.    Finally, at the time of our review, DoD and HHS were making some progress in implementing recommendations from previous laboratory safety reviews that they conducted after the 2014 and 2015 safety lapses.    However, we found that DoD and CDC had not developed time frames for implementing some of these recommendations and without time frames DoD and CDC will be limited in their ability to track progress towards implementing these needed improvements.    We made a total of 33 recommendations to the Federal departments and agencies with these high-containment labs to ensure that they have comprehensive and up to date policies as well as stronger oversight mechanisms at their labs.    There was brought agreement by the eight departments with our recommendations and several have already begun taking actions to address them.    In closing, I would like to note that our report that we are discussing today is the latest in a body of work that GAO has developed over the last 10 years on the Federal oversight of high-containment laboratories.    We continue to monitor this issue by drawing on expertise from across our agency including our health care experts, our chief scientists and experts from my own group, the science and technology area.    As you know, we are conducting additional work for the subcommittee specifically looking at the inactivation of pathogens in high-containment labs and we expect to issue that report to you in the next several months.    Thank you, Chairman Murphy, and members of the subcommittee for holding this hearing and continuing your oversight of this important issue.    This concludes my prepared remarks. I would be pleased to respond to any questions you may have.    Mr. Neumann. Sure, I'd be happy to.    Certainly, we know that there's important research being done and, you know, when there's a safety incidence it interferes with this research.    So when you don't have policies in place or procedures that ensure that those are being carried out it puts that research at risk and also puts personnel at risk. And what we found is that this comprehensive oversight was not in place.    Some policies that would really help the foundation of the lab safety culture were not in place and furthermore there weren't the oversight mechanisms that can ensure that these policies are being carried out.    And then, finally, leadership was not informed of some key incidents and the inspection result was all important for ensuring that these labs are being overseen properly.    Mr. Neumann. Well, certainly, without having those inspection results or incident reports, leadership can't determine if there's systemic issues that need to be addressed across the labs.    Mr. Neumann. No, all the agencies and departments complied with our request and we worked very closely with them to identify the policies and procedures.    So we got great cooperation from the agencies.    Mr. Neumann. Well, I think we determined that there were 60 elements. We didn't weight them. But incident reporting is certainly one that has more immediate impact. If incidents are reported to senior leadership they can take action on the systemic issues that are identified.    Mr. Neumann. Like I said, inventory control also is very important----    Mr. Neumann . Because keeping track of the specimens. Each of these have their importance. Training, for example.    Mr. Neumann. Excuse me?    Mr. Neumann. In my mind, yes. Definitely there's an important step.    Mr. Neumann. Yes, and we disagreed with their position.    Mr. Neumann. Yes, I think that we believe that these recommendations are important in establishing the foundation for the lab safety.    Mr. Neumann. Well, our recommendation still stands open. The one we made in 2009 was looking more broadly at all high-containment labs, not just the Federal labs.    This report we focused on the Federal high-containment labs. But that recommendation we still openly stand by that. But there could be better oversight with a single entity to oversee all these labs given the fragmentated----    Mr. Neumann. I'm not familiar with that, no.    Mr. Neumann. Oh, yes. Yes. Uh-huh.    Mr. Neumann. Well, certainly, any type of verification is going to be useful. There needs to be a system of independent verification, inventory control, all these different steps to ensure that you have----    Mr. Neumann. Well, that's why the oversight mechanisms are so important that leadership be paying attention to the labs and ensuring that they're being inspected and they're reviewing the results of those inspections to see where there might be lapses.    Mr. Neumann. We didn't look specifically at that but I think the leadership oversight is going to be really important to ensure that these mechanisms are actually operating, not just policies.    Mr. Neumann. Well, I definitely would like to take some time to think that over. Perhaps we can provide a response for the record.    Mr. Neumann. We did not. We looked at the policies we had in place to ensure that they had all these key elements. We looked at the oversight mechanisms to make sure they were checking them and we looked at----    Mr. Neumann. This was a broad look at all the Federal departments and agencies or the eight departments and 50 agencies. So just getting a sense of their policy and procedures they have in place and the oversight mechanisms was quite a large volume of work.    So we didn't drill down in specific aspects of this. But that's definitely an area that we could, you know, potentially follow up on if there's interest in that.    But it's part of making sure that you have the checks and balances with the policies and the oversight mechanisms to make sure that all the policies are being followed.