    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank you to our witnesses and good morning.    We are here this morning to hear about the status of facilities and programs to dispose of low-level radioactive waste. Low-level radioactive waste includes a wide variety of materials that have become radioactive or that were contaminated by exposure to radioactive substances.    It includes cleaning items, protective equipment and medical waste, materials used in research and equipment and tools, among various other items.    The amounts of waste generated vary considerably from year to year but the volumes are significant. These materials are disposed of at three commercially operated sites here in the United States. The sites are regulated by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.    States are responsible for the waste generated within their borders. However, groups of States have entered into compacts or other agreements that allow some to dispose of waste in one of the three existing facilities.    These are not the sites that can or will accept spent fuel from nuclear reactors. We have benefitted from our research and applications in nuclear medicine and nuclear power but these have come at a high cost.    Projections for many of the DOE-managed sites are that it will be decades before cleanup and decontamination are completed at costs in the billions of dollars.    We are fortunate to have Mark Whitney of the Department of Energy and Michael Weber of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission here with us this morning on the first panel. Again, welcome.    Thank you both for being here this morning to testify on the important work that you are doing to ensure these materials are handled and disposed of properly. We also have an excellent group of witnesses on our second panel.    On our second panel, we will hear from Mr. Chuck Smith, the chair of the Energy Communities Alliance. Mr. Smith represents the communities that live nearby contaminated sites and deal with the issues of nuclear waste cleanup and disposal on a daily basis.    Mr. Smith offers some interesting ideas for speeding cleanups and reducing cleanup costs. I agree that we should be looking at all options for nuclear waste disposal in an effort to find the safest and most cost effective ways to move forward.    We must recognize and deal with both the technical and political challenges of disposing of all classes of nuclear waste.    In addition to Mr. Smith, we will have the benefit of testimony from Ms. Leigh Ing and Ms. Jennifer Opila to provide perspectives of different State organizations responsible for these issues.    More than 60 years after beginning and expanding our use of nuclear materials, nuclear waste disposal remains a difficult and expensive problem.    The large volumes of waste generated, the high cost of treatment and disposal and the limited locations willing to host disposal facilities for any type of waste generated considerable or generate considerable an ongoing public concern and resistance.    Until we find better solutions for this problem, further development of nuclear power will be seriously constrained. So I thank you all for your participation this morning at the hearing. I look forward to your testimony and further discussion of these important issues.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and Chuck Smith of the--and I will direct this to both of you gentlemen.    Chuck Smith of the Energy Community Alliance's statement recommends the NRC and DOE work together to change the way that the United States classifies waste for disposal, citing the International Atomic Energy Agency's more risk-based approach according to the, and I quote, ``intrinsic qualities of the material.''    There seems to be a movement to a more risk-based approach to low-level waste disposal on both your parts including an assessment of what constitutes low-level waste. Is that a correct interpretation by me?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    Mr. Tonko. Mm-hmm. If we were to assume this risk-based, would that include assessing the actual radiological content and activity of these wastes?    Mr. Tonko. Right. Now, I hear Mr. Weber saying that you would need legislative authority to move in that direction.    Mr. Whitney, would that be the case for--you obviously are dealing with it in somewhat of a risk-based scenario.    Mr. Tonko. And does DOE need NRC to take any action to aid in the disposal of greater-than-Class C waste or greater-than-Class C-like waste?    Mr. Tonko. And are you engaged in discussions on these actions? You both are?    Mr. Tonko. Both agencies. And have you and will you involve public stakeholders in deliberations on reclassification of waste?    Mr. Tonko. And are there other waste streams that can be considered for a more risk-based approach to disposal?    Mr. Tonko. Mr. Whitney, any further comment on that or--OK.    With that, I yield back, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Smith, in your testimony you urged DOE and NRC to work together to change the way that the United States classifies its waste to a risk-based approach, not just for low-level waste but for other types of nuclear waste.    Is there support among other communities for moving in this direction?    Mr. Tonko. And Ms. Opila, your reaction to that?    Mr. Tonko. Your reaction to the recommendation by Mr. Smith. Is there support amongst communities to move to this risk-based approach?    Mr. Tonko. And Ms. Ing, is there any opinion you can share with us for--from your perspective?    Mr. Tonko. OK. Thank you.    And Mr. Smith, again, are you seeing support from DOE and NRC with regard to reclassification?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    Do you believe that those agencies currently have the legal authority you are saying that there would be statutory change that you would recommend we do? But do you believe they have the authority to make this change or do you see that the legislation is absolutely necessary?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    And Mr. Smith, you also stated in your testimony support for looking at all options for nuclear waste disposal. Regardless of the status of the Yucca Mountain disposal site, it has been very difficult to site even the low-level waste facilities but we do have several operating.    What gives you confidence that a consent-based approach to siting facilities for high-level waste can yield a better outcome?    Mr. Tonko. And do communities living near the facilities where cleanups are underway believe they are consulted adequately about the status and plans for ongoing activities at these sites?    Mr. Tonko. And could DOE and NRC or the facility operators be doing more to foster good community relationships?    Mr. Tonko. Can you cite some specifics from your own personal interactions with----    Mr. Tonko. Mm-hmm. And are there practices in other countries or recommended practices by the International Atomic Energy Agency that we should look to for new ideas on how to deal with waste safely and more quickly than we are currently doing?    Mr. Tonko. Do any of our other witnesses have recommendations in that regard?    If not, that concludes my questioning, Mr. Chair, and I yield back.