    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So I've only been in Congress for the last 15 months, but in that period of time, I've already been able to have hundreds of conversations with small business owners and farmers and community bankers, independent insurance agents across the rural Northeast Texas district that I represent that all those conversations end in frustration over the endless burden of regulatory agencies and rules. Sometimes it relates to ObamaCare; sometimes it relates to the EPA regulating puddles in people's backyards, or trying to tell my constituents what kind of light bulbs they have to buy, and this frustration is really heightened, because when I came into Congress, I came in as part of a historic majority here in the House, and as part of the Congress where we took over the Senate as well, and I think my constituents expected things to change, hoped that Republicans would put a stop to a run-away administrative state in this country. But admittedly, very little has changed. And we can talk about executive overreach, but I'm willing to admit and acknowledge that part of the problem here is legislative underreach, and with respect to the Chevron doctrine and other things.    So I'm certainly grateful that we're having this hearing today. We have an opportunity to talk about the possibility of solutions to this pervasive problem, and so I want to start with you, Professor Turley, because in your written testimony you said that--and I'll quote you here, ``Fear that the growth of Federal agencies is reaching a critical mass within our system, a point where rapid exponential and irreversible expansion will occur.''    So, in your opinion, first, let me ask you, what are the greatest drivers of this agency expansion? And where does Chevron fall on that list?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So I'm going to ask you to speculate here. Let's say that Congress were to pass legislation overturning--essentially, overturning Chevron and a President, not necessarily this President, were to sign that into law, in your estimation, how far would that go in addressing this vast agency expansion that we're talking about?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you.    Professor Shepherd, I want to give you an opportunity to talk about an issue that I noticed from your testimony. One of the oddities here in modern jurisprudence is the fact that courts have never really explained why the Chevron deference is consistent with the APA, which prescribes a standard of judicial review that seems to preclude deference to agency interpretation of statutes. Your written testimony suggests that the legislative history of the APA demonstrates that Congress, in fact, actually refused to adopt the deferential standard of review similar to Chevron. And I want to give you an opportunity to explain that.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, thank you.    My time has expired. I did want to--Professor Duffy, I appreciate your comments regarding a de novo standard, and I will tell you that I agree with you.    And I'll yield back.