    Mr. Silvers. Good morning, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee.    My testimony today is given on behalf of both the AFL-CIO, and Americans for Financial Reform, a coalition of over 200 organizations.    The Dodd-Frank Act passed in the wake of a financial crisis that cost the United States $22 trillion, according to the GAO. In the course of that crisis, 10 million families were thrown out of their homes and tens of millions lost their jobs. That is what we are trying--the statute was seeking to prevent occurring again.    But the Dodd-Frank Act was a compromise. It did not place size limits on financial institutions, it did not restore the Glass-Steagall Act, and it did not fundamentally change the incentives in the executive compensation system of our financial firms to take on excessive risk.    Rather than making these fundamental structural changes, the Act gave regulators the possibility of making structural change. This goes back to Dr. Calabria's point about choices.    What Dodd-Frank did do was resurrect fundamental principles of financial regulation that had been forgotten in the race to deregulate in the 1980s and 1990s. Most of all, the Dodd-Frank Act created a clear, workable alternative to the bailout of systemically significant institutions.    The resolutions process, contemplated in Title II, places the responsibility for first-hour losses and distress situations clearly where it should be, on the too-big-to-fail firms, their equity holders, bond holders, and executives. However, I would associate myself with Dr. Calabria's comments that this requires the regulators to actually choose to use it.    The U.S. financial regulatory system prior to the Dodd-Frank Act was a Swiss cheese system, full of holes allowing financial actors to evade both capital and transparency requirements for the price of a lawyer. The Act closed many, but not all, of these loopholes.    Five years later, among the clear results of these changes is a reduction in the credit market's perception that the government will bail out the Nation's largest banks if they get into trouble. GAO found that while there was a very large subsidy--in the credit markets for too-big-to-fail banks in 2009 and 2010.    Between 2010 and 2014, that subsidy fell to near zero as regulators showed through the progress of living wills, the adoption of single point of entry and the refinement of stress tests that they were serious about enforcing the provisions of Title II.    But the Dodd-Frank Act was not simply about protecting the financial system from itself. Its explicit purpose was to make financial markets less of a rigged game from the perspective of consumers and investors.    Here, the track record is impressive and expanding. For example, the CFPB has returned $5.3 billion of improperly obtained fees and penalties to over 15 million consumers and their families. And the Securities and Exchange Commission recently has begun using the Act to uncover widespread abuses of investors by private equity and hedge fund managers.    However, the Act necessarily depends on regulators to implement and enforce it, and all too often over the last 5 years regulators have succumbed to political pressures not to, particularly in the area of executive compensation.    And then, there was the recurring impulse in Congress to weaken financial regulation, that same impulse that brought us to crisis in the first place. We saw this on display in the Cromnibus negotiations last winter where Congress worked with the Obama Administration to repeal the hard-fought derivatives push out provisions and once again relink the derivatives market to the deposits of American families.    Efforts to weaken the Dodd-Frank Act have involved the use of a series of spurious arguments, including ``cost benefit analyses'' that looked only at the costs and not at the benefits. These sorts of arguments only have weight because of the political and economic power of the people making them.    And this brings us back to the issue of too-big-to-fail banks. The truth is that because Dodd-Frank was a compromise, because it largely left to the regulators the question of structural change, it has proven to be vulnerable to the continuing political power of the handful of too-big-to-fail banks that continue to dominate our financial system and exert a disproportionate influence on our politics.    In this sense, the unfinished agenda of financial reform is inextricably intertwined with the ability of the regulatory system to effectively implement the Dodd-Frank Act as it is to ensure the financial system does its job of efficiently transforming savings into investment and to protect the U.S. economy and the American public from a costly repeat of the financial crisis that began in 2007.    My answer, Mr. Chairman, to the question posed in the title of this hearing, is that the Dodd-Frank Act has definitely helped make our financial system more stable, but unless we deal with the too-big-to-fail problem more directly, the Dodd-Frank Act itself is not stable.    Thank you.    Ms. Waters. Mr. Silvers, as Deputy Chair of the Congressional Oversight Panel created in order to oversee the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), you had a front-row seat to our government's response to the crisis, starting with the Bush Administration placing Fannie and Freddie into conservatorship, and continuing with then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulsen injecting billions of dollars of capital into our Nation's largest banks in order to forestall economic chaos.    Can you take us back to that time, and again, you have done some of this in your testimony, but remind the committee just how bad the economy was during the depths of the crisis. And can you again remind us what was happening to American workers in terms of home foreclosures, small businesses closures, and 401(k) plans being decimated?    Mr. Silvers. Ranking Member Waters, I am happy to do that. It gives me a moment also to recall the time that I spent with the chairman in that work, and to reflect on a lot of the bipartisan things we did together, which I think is all too rare in our time.    The story you asked me to tell is one that we don't have time for the full horror of, but just a few anecdotes. I remember then-Deputy Treasury Secretary Bob Steele, in the fall of 2007, saying to me, we are going to have a big problem. We might have as many as a million foreclosures. This is the number that Dr. Calabria is worried about.    Of course by the time we were done, we had 10 million. That is 40 million people set out in the street. The median net worth in the course of that process of African-American families fell from $18,000 to $6,000. It has never recovered.    We had as many as 25 million Americans out of work. We had the economy contracting in the fall of 2009, according to Paul Volcker, at a rate greater than it was contracting during the depths of the Great Depression.    We put several hundred billion dollars into the Nation's largest banks, being told at the time by the Treasury Department that they were all solvent.    And it is my belief that--it has become quite clear that at least two of them, CitiGroup and Bank of America, were certainly insolvent at the time that they were given the money. And it is unclear that if the money had not been given, that any of them were solvent. We provided the money on terms that were only 60 cents on the dollar to the American public.    Later, Treasury Secretary Geithner asserted that we got our money back, but that statement assumed that the listener was extraordinarily naive. We propped the banks up and then we didn't get the upside. That is what those numbers meant. The upside went to the people who caused the problem in the first place.    I think we need to recognize in looking through this history a couple of things. One of them is that had nothing been done, we would certainly have been in a prolonged situation like the Great Depression, and that--this will seem like a strange thing for me to say, but the Bush Administration and the Democratic Congress, and in particular Hank Paulsen, deserve great credit for acting. But the failure then to restructure our banks, the failure to restructure home mortgage debt devastated our economy.    And although my fellow witness, Mr. Atkins, feels that our capital markets are the envy of the world, and they may well be now, at that time they were widely seen as having initiated--our capital markets were widely seen as having initiated a global financial crisis that cost the world economy $60 trillion and destabilized democratic societies around the world. That is a heavy indictment.    Mr. Silvers. I have 17 seconds to do so.    Mr. Silvers. I will just say this, what I think it is not as important as what people who have done peer-reviewed academic research think. And what they--and what the premier study in this area, done by a team at the University of Singapore and the University of Chicago--found that for lower income credit cardholders, those with FICO Scores with credit ratings under 600, the Act and the banning of the tricks and traps you were talking about reduced credit card cost by 5.3 percent of balances, a very big number, and did so without impairing access to credit in any way they could detect.    Mr. Silvers. Congresswoman, there are significant regulatory steps that remain to be taken. In my view, one of the most significant is the Federal Reserve issuing the rules around executive compensation and excessive risk taking within financial institutions that have been delayed since 2011.    And similarly, the SEC issuing the executive pay ratio rule to median employees which is an important source of information and check on excessive executive pay in public companies has been mandated by Congress and not issued.    On the statutory side, as my testimony went through, there are a series of structural changes that are necessary if we want our financial system to do its job, including to provide credit to small business.    The key ones that have been identified over and over again by financial regulatory experts are the separation of investment, of stock market activities and derivatives from federally insured commercial banking, essentially the restoration of a modern Glass-Steagall Act, a more aggressive approach to regulatory capital on a size basis and a financial transactions tax.    Mr. Silvers. The AFL-CIO has a president who has day-to-day management authority.    Mr. Silvers. Yes, he is responsible to the executive council of the federation, which meets twice a year.    Mr. Silvers. Yes, Congressman Clay, you are pointing to the--one of the critical problems in the way in which we addressed the housing crisis which led--which slowed down our economic recovery and led the cost of the recovery to be borne by the people who could least afford to do so with devastating social impact.    The failure to write--the failure to restructure debt in the housing market and to instead insist that poor people pay the banks a hundred cents on the dollar when every American businessperson in commercial real-estate in a similar situation never does, right, is how we gutted the median net wealth of African-American households from $18,000 to $6,000.    The solution is simple. It is to restructure those loans around what the real value of that property was. If we had done so, and as my colleague, Dr. Calabria, has said, if we had done so and forced the banks to restructure their capital at the same time, we would not have a too-big-to-fail problem. We would have a healthy housing market and a healthy small business consumer credit market.    Mr. Silvers. Congressman, I think that for starters, you have to stop telling lies about what happened in the past.    Mr. Silvers. And the notion, for example, that insurance companies had nothing to do with this--my memory is that AIG was an insurance company, right? The notion that Fannie and Freddie caused this crisis? They contributed to it.    What caused it was the very thing that Mr. Garrett was referring to earlier, which was that the Federal Reserve had the power to act and let subprime providers of mortgages funded by our largest banks destroy our communities and then hand us the bill.    Until we stop telling lies, I don't see how we can move forward.    Mr. Silvers. Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. There is a subtlety to this that the conversation is missing. The subprime loans that triggered the crisis were largely in the private market and were largely securitized through private offerings.    That created competitive pressure on Fannie and Freddie that had been privatized and whose executives wanted to hit the profit margins that would inflate their pay packages.    Mr. Silvers. No, the nuance is not the fact that the executives of those companies sought to make a lot of money in disreputable ways. I fully agree with you. The nuance is is that they were latecomers to the crisis. Fannie and Freddie bought bad securities at the very end that had been issued in the private markets. That is how they bankrupted themselves.    Mr. Silvers. I think, sir, that you are asking a question about whether or not our banking system is doing its job since--    Mr. Silvers. Our capital markets and our banking system are somewhat different questions.    Mr. Silvers. No, well essentially, I think you are pointing to the wrong cause. We didn't restructure our banks so our banks didn't do their job.    Mr. Silvers. There is--what that information is about obviously is internal equity within the firm, and there is a substantial body of research most recently developed and focusing on retail stores which suggests that there is a correlation between essentially internal equity within the firm and long-term firm performance.    Contrary to what my colleague on the panel, Mr. Atkins, suggests, the securities laws from their very inception were designed to ensure that the public had material information about the management of public corporations. It is very clear, the public would very much like to know this, what this ratio is and know it accurately for all public companies. But the more fundamental question is, it is the law of the land. Congress passed that statute and the public is entitled to have it enforced, which it hasn't been so far.    In terms of the larger issue of economic stability, underneath the economic crisis that began in 2007 was a generation of wage stagnation. It created the political and economic circumstances in which a wide variety of people in both parties were tempted to substitute credit for wages.    I think if you listen closely to my colleague Professor Zywicki's testimony, he is in favor of that kind of substitution; I am not. I think that substitution profoundly destabilized our economy and threatened not just our long term prosperity, but it threatens us with repeated and increasing severity of financial crises.    The pay ratio rule is designed to put valuable information in the hands of both investors and the public that is relevant to that problem.    Mr. Silvers. I would restore Glass-Steagall.    Mr. Silvers. And obviously I wouldn't literally take the words of Glass-Steagall. I would try to enforce that concept in modern context.    Mr. Silvers. Congressman Mulvaney, I have heard similar ideas, but I haven't heard Dr. Calabria's version. I think that in general, the basic notion that a straight capital test, that is not risk-weighted, it is a very important and good idea. It is a real problem in the Basel system that they keep going--that they keep going back to risk-weighted capital tests that allow for game playing in various ways. And that when you look at the straight capital test, it is very low.    Mr. Silvers. It could encourage any number of things you might not want to encourage.    Mr. Silvers. And it presumes something that--it has turned out not to be true over and over again which is that those particular regulators are good at picking what is risky and what isn't.    The question of whether or not you could do that with community--it is a kind of--you have heard me before talk about Glass-Steagall--you are proposing a kind of Glass-Steagall. Meaning that you are proposing a different set of regulations and a different set of capital requirements depending on whether banks are active in the securities markets, derivatives markets, and various other exotic things.    So I am inherently sympathetic to that. The caveat I would offer to you is this, during the subprime bubble, a lot of the loans that were made were actually not made by the banks that were financing them. They were made by smaller institutions, generally non-banks that were conduits.    The main issue with a different regime for small banks is that question, are they going to be conduits for big things, that are going to move through without reference to capital. And thereby be vehicles for--what I would be concerned about is vehicles for exploiting consumers in various ways as turned out during the subprime crisis. That is the kind of thing you have to watch out for in these types of ideas.    The notion that we should have banks to do the business of providing credit to businesses and consumers, and banks that play in secondary markets and they should have different rules perhaps different capital requirements, and that it should matter what the size is, I agree with all of that.    Mr. Silvers. If you don't mind, I would be happy to say something about that. A lot of the discussion about SIFIs it seems to me, you really don't want--you want the ability to look at what--what firms are actually doing. So that for example, the discussion that all mutual funds are not systemically significant doesn't match what happened in 2008.    It is very clear that money market mutual funds are systemically significant. The same thing is true with insurance companies. If you have a pure life insurance company, the odds that it is going to be systemically significant may not be very great, but on the other hand, if you have an entity on the side here that is dealing in derivatives very extensively, that is a subsidiary of an insurance holding company which was AIG, that can be a very, very dangerous thing, as we learned.    The $50 billion--in my view, the $50 billion test is--it is certainly the case that institutions that have more than 50--that have $50 billion in assets can, depending on what they are doing could be systemically significant.    Mr. Silvers. I am not convinced that is the right number, but I will tell you this, I am definitely convinced that saying that by definition mutual funds are or insurance companies are not systemically significant, that is a mistake.