    Mr. Eisenberg. Good morning, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, members of the Committee. Thank you for the opportunity to be here today to present the views of the National Association of Manufacturers and our 14,000 members.    Manufacturers believe regulation is critical to the protection of worker safety, public health, and our environment. We believe in the mission of the EPA and we support reasonable environmental regulation. However, we also bear an unmistakably high burden of compliance with the Agency's regulations. Manufacturers spend, on average, over $19,000 per employee per year on regulatory compliance and over $10,000 of this is for environmental regulations. The smaller the manufacturer, though, the larger the burden. Manufacturers with less than 50 employees spend over $34,000 per employee per year and over $20,000 of this is due to environmental regulations.    So when the EPA issues a new regulation with new costs and new burdens, manufacturers have to pay these costs not op of what we're already doing, the tens of thousands of dollars that we've already assumed. So we're not starting from zero. In fact, our plants are already equipped with the best available pollution control technology. We maximize our efficiency and we limit waste and we recycle. And so while we'll always strive for improvement, in some cases we're really already pushing up against or beyond what technology can deliver, and so we need--what we need as manufacturers more than ever are smarter regulations.    We just don't believe we're getting that from the EPA with respect to the three regulations that we're here to talk about today: ozone, the Cleaner Power Plan, and the ``waters of the United States'' definition. In all three cases, the costs and burdens placed on manufacturers as a result of these regulations are very significant and could make us significantly less competitive.    Manufacturers are committed to reducing ozone levels, and we've been doing so for decades. We've been reducing the emission that cause ozone by more than half since 1980. However, the progress we've made, it also means that both the low-hanging fruit and the high-hanging fruit are pretty much gone and so the controls that are needed to reduce ozone levels are already in place. In fact, with this rule, EPA can only identify about 35 percent of the controls and technologies needed to achieve this new 65-parts-per-billion standard. You heard that right. A solid two-third of the controls that will be needed to comply to this are called unknown controls. We don't know what they are.    Economic analysis of this new standard shows that it would be the most expensive regulation in history. Second place isn't even close. It would cost about $140 billion per year, about $1.7 trillion over the next 23 years, placing the equivalent of 1.4 million jobs in jeopardy each year and reducing annual household income--consumption--I'm sorry--by an average of about $830 per year. Very few low-cost control options exist for this tightening of ozone standard, so if controls aren't invented in time, what winds up happening is, manufacturers are forced to consider scrapping equipment, scrapping existing plants, replacing them, or just plain old shutting them down. And then there's nonattainment for ozone, which is essentially a synonym for no growth. There has to be a better way for this than this, and really there is. The current standard is only being implemented. It's going to drive ozone precursor emissions, the emissions that cause ozone, down by another 36 percent over the next decade. We believe we should let that standard work before moving the chains one more time.    On climate, we're committing to addressing climate change through improved energy efficiency, greater sustainability and reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. We've done that. We reduced our emissions ten percent over the past decade, but our competitiveness is threatened by the Clean Power Plan as it's currently drafted. Independent analysis of this rule places total compliance costs as high as about $366 billion through 2031. Forty-three states could experience double-digit electricity prices. That's very difficult for us as we are major, major energy users. And even worse, many sectors in my membership, manufacturing, are due to get follow-on regulations under the Act that will be modeled off of this one, meaning we're going to be hit twice.    We believe EPA needs to fix this rule. We agree that adoption of a strong and fair international climate agreement should be a priority, but we also must be very careful not to lock into place policies that will send production and emissions overseas if the rest of the world doesn't play by those same rules in Paris in December.    Finally, manufacturers are disappointed with the final Waters of the United States regulation. We would welcome a clear rule that resolves disagreement over scope of the Clean Water Act. Instead, we ended up with a final regulation that fails to do this. It fails to clear up the problems and may have even created new ones. The regulation certainly expands the scope of the Clean Water Act to areas that are not even wet, and it fails to provide clear exclusions as to what actually qualifies. We're going to face, manufacturers are going to face increased uncertainty, permitting costs, and supply-and consumer-chain disruptions. Ambiguities in the new regulation will give rise to third-party lawsuits, even in cases where EPA agrees with us and believes that it is not a water of the United States.    I assure you, we do not enjoy having to have an adversarial position to the EPA on these regulations. We prefer to work with them as a partner toward a shared goal of protecting the environment. However, we desperately need the EPA to choose a different regulatory path.    Sadly, we are nearing the time where legislation may be our only hope, and we ask this Committee for its help in that pursuit.    Thank you.    Mr. Eisenberg. Certainly that is an open question, I mean, and I fear that if they finalize the rule that they proposed, we're going to get some litigation on that. There --we and others have posed a number of potential legal obstacles that this thing could go through. You know, they have the--they certainly have the authority to regulate greenhouse gases. That's been settled by the Supreme Court. The issue is, can they be using this statute the way they're using it? They've certainly made a lot of interesting choices in terms of going----    Mr. Eisenberg. You know, it's going to be a complicated case. I think, you know, certainly there are a lot of potential flaws, legal flaws, in this language.    Mr. Eisenberg. So a very easy one is whether or not the section 111 can be used in light of the fact that they're already regulating power plants under section 112 for hazardous air pollution, can you actually do that under section 111, and if so, can you do that for everybody else. They didn't make an independent endangerment finding for this one so they just basically said well, cars cause this and so power plants must too. There's a lot of stuff they did in there that I think is going to be a real challenge.    Mr. Eisenberg. So I'll try to give you a very simple answer specifically for manufacturing. You're absolutely right in terms of manufacturers. We use about a third of the energy in this country. We are extremely energy-intensive. For some manufacturers, it is our single largest cost. There is a reason why a lot of the new manufacturing that is coming online is going to states where energy is cheap. If you are a state that does not have cheap energy, that is a very big difference maker for a lot of folks in industries that are highly energy intensive.    That is not the driver; it is a driver of why manufacturers go into places that may not be California, which absolutely has extraordinarily high energy costs.    Mr. Eisenberg. Thank you. To your question of whether or not we believe that this is the right thing for manufacturing, no, we don't need them to change the ozone standard if you want to have a manufacturing sector. I mean, that is the simple and straight answer, and this is not about health for us. We are getting the benefits of continued reductions between the existing ozone standard and the three dozen other regulations that reduce NOX emissions. We're going to be reducing ozone precursors by 36 percent over the next decade, so we're going to get there. We're going to actually be doing what we need to do. The only difference between that and getting--and moving the chains now is that you impose a significant amount of struggle for manufacturers to try to expand or build things to get basically the same result.    So we're going to get there anyway. We can just get there without all of the pain that we would have to face if you don't move the chains on us.    Mr. Eisenberg. Sure. I mean, certainly in the case of ozone, these rules are not achievable, and it's actually a good opportunity to explain what our studies had. Our study actually had the same methodology as EPA's study. I mean, it was exactly the same. As far as known controls, we used the same stuff, same numbers because we believed them. Where we differ with EPA is on the 65 percent of controls that you need to comply that are unknown controls. You don't have to--it's not--you still have to do it. We just had to figure out how to do it at that point. I would love to be able to tell you we can innovate, and maybe we will, and if we don't----    Mr. Eisenberg. Look, understand what I'm saying today. In almost every case, we're comfortable with regulation but we have regulations and those regulations are working, and it's really about figuring out where that sweet spot is between having a regulation that protects the environment and health and making sure that we can actually do our jobs. In the cases that we've cited today, they've gone a step too far. We're asking them to take a step back towards normalcy.    Mr. Eisenberg. I do.    Mr. Eisenberg. Yes. It's EPA term of art. They call them unknown controls. They just----    Mr. Eisenberg. --can't tell us what they are.    Mr. Eisenberg. I would agree.    Mr. Eisenberg. If you're lucky.    Mr. Eisenberg. It doesn't at all. Streamlining that process is a priority.    Mr. Eisenberg. So I don't know that I can effectively answer that one but I mean, they need to find a balance.    Mr. Eisenberg. So we just finished our annual fly-in. We had 500 manufacturers coming to town. I had dinner two nights ago with about 25 of them to talk specifically about water issues, water scarcity, waters of the United States, things like this, and at the end of the meal I said look, is this--are you guys in a better place because of this regulation, and every single one of them said no. It is still causing them headaches. All we wanted was clarity. Had we gotten clarity, my testimony would have been a lot different today. We didn't get it.