    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Government Reform will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    One of the most serious national security challenges we currently face as a Nation is the security of our Country's information and communications infrastructure. I am encouraged this committee is leading a bipartisan effort to address our Government's cybersecurity, and I want to thank Ranking Member Cummings for bringing this issue to the committee's attention and for his tenacity in insisting that we address this in an aggressive way and, thus, we are here today.    The stakes are high. Hackers are targeting extremely sensitive information related to our national security. Hackers recently hit the White House, State Department networks. They are accessing a range of sensitive information. But these are not isolated incidents. Cyber attacks against government assets are becoming more frequent and they are more sophisticated then ever. Over the past eight years, the number of information security incidents has risen by more than 1,000 percent, if not more, and they are happening at the private sector at an increasing and alarming rate.    One of the members of our team that knows a lot about this we are proud to have as the subcommittee chairman on our IT Subcommittee is the general from Texas, Mr. Hurd. I would like to give him time at this point.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Cummings, for five minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    I will hold the record open for five legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We will now recognize our first panel of witnesses.    Pleased to welcome Mr. Tony Scott, Chief Information Officer and Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government and Information Technology at the Office of Management and Budget. My understanding is, Mr. Scott, this is your first time testifying before Congress in your new role as the Federal CIO, and we appreciate you being here. It will be an interesting experience. You have done a lot of important work here. You have a very impressive resume and background, and we look forward to working with you in your new role, and appreciate you being here today.    Ms. Donna Seymour is the Chief Information Officer at the Office of Personnel Management. Again, we welcome you.    Mr. Gregory Wilshusen is the Director of Information Security Issues at the Government Accountability Office, otherwise known as the GAO.    And Dr. Eric Fischer is the Senior Specialist in Science and Technology at the Congressional Research Service. We appreciate you, doctor, for being here today. We very much value what the CRS does for all members, both sides of the aisle, and we appreciate the organization and the good work that is done there. We rely heavily on it and we look forward to your testimony today.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify, so if you will please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let the record reflect that all witnesses have answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate it if you would hold your verbal comments to five minutes. We have a little generosity on that, but please be assured that your entire written statement will be entered into and made part of the record.    So, with that, Mr. Scott, we will now recognize you for five minutes.