    Mr. Collins. I come from the private sector. I am a Lean Six Sigma guy. I have brought Lean Six Sigma into a large municipal government. I think you both know where I am going. It is not a good place. This is the most disturbing hearing I have attended in 2 \1/2\ years. I hear you saying that making 67,000 errors per million opportunities is worth a gold star. Six Sigma says you make 3.4 errors per million. 3.4, not 67,000.    I will be using today's hearing in my stump speeches, in my town halls for a very long time. It is everything wrong with government. That you are setting a standard of making 67,000 mistakes for every million times you try to do something, and you are going to reward and congratulate yourselves, this is disbelief, absolute, utter disbelief of what is wrong with government, to have you two individuals, with smiles on your face, and congratulating each other over trying to achieve 67,000 errors per million opportunities. My mind is blown. I know if 1,000 airplanes take off, and 67 of them crash, that is a 6.7 percent error rate. I don't think we are going to be flying on our airplanes if 67 airplanes crash for every thousand that take off.    In the manufacturing world today, whether it was Toyota many years ago, whether it was General Electric, or some things I have done, we set a goal of Six Sigma, 3.4 errors per million. It is achieved every single day in the private sector. And here we are in government, talking about 67,000 errors per million opportunities, and how this is progress? This is disgusting. It is a waste of taxpayer dollars. It is setting the bar so low that, yes, I guess, we had a goal of 5.6, we hit 6.7, so next year let us make it 6.7. Well, if it is 7.2, then the next year it is going to be 7.2, and we are going to have a hearing, and you guys are going to self-congratulate each other on achieving something like that? I don't even know that you can't defend the indefensible.    So, while I am carrying on here a little bit, I know you can't defend the indefensible, but maybe I will let you try. And I will also say there is a sign in my office, in God we trust, all others bring data. I am a data guy, if you can't already tell. That means you need good data. And now I am reading that the PERM program, the Payment Error Rate Measurement Program, at best, it is using a rolling sampling of 17 states, the data is not consistent, it is not gathered in a consistent way. I have one word for that data, and that is garbage. Garbage, complete garbage.    So, I don't know, Mr. Bagdoyan, do you have anything to say?    Mr. Collins. You are familiar with Six Sigma, right?    Mr. Collins. All right. So, what would you think if you are in my world, and I am used to 3.4 errors per million, and you are at 67,000? How long do you think you would work for me?    Mr. Collins. Yes, not very long. And, Dr. Agrawal, again, you are--you seem OK with taking the 5.6 to 6.7. Can you defend that? I am going to stand up in front of my residents, and I am going to talk about this hearing, and they are going to be shaking their heads in total disbelief. You are going to be an example of everything wrong with government from this day forward in western New York when I tell them at 5.6 percent--you hit 6.7, so the next year you just changed it to 6.7. If that is not oh, my God, I am just--again, this is the most disturbing hearing I have ever taken place in. So what do you say to the third graders when I tell them that?    Mr. Collins. Well, my time has expired, but I would suggest you set different standards for yourselves, ones that respect the B in billions. We talk in government about dollars like billions don't even matter anymore because we are trillions in debt, and I would suggest that, as somebody who has got something to do with this, next year, when they try to raise the error rate to 7.2 percent, you actually stand up and make a name for yourself and say, I am not going to stand by and let that happen. With that, I yield back.