    Mrs. Kirkpatrick. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, for having this hearing. And I first want to take a moment just to thank my colleagues, Representative Lucas from Oklahoma and Representative Peterson from Minnesota, for their leadership on this Committee. And it just really shows that when we come together in a thoughtful, commonsense way, we can enact policy that makes our country better. And I just want to publicly thank them for their leadership and their example that they set for us as Members of this Committee. My mother's family were ranchers in Arizona. I have always said that ranchers are our original conservationists. Because healthy land means healthy cattle means healthy people. And the same thing can be said for our farmers. Healthy land means healthy crops means healthy people. And so I thank you for the work that you have done, especially in Arizona. We have two projects, two Regional Conservation Partnership Programs that have brought about $6 million to rural Arizona in purchase of materials, hiring local contractors, recreational activities. And that is great. Arizona Game and Fish tells me they have been excellent programs and they have worked really well. You have probably heard me say on this Committee before that I represent 12 land-based Tribes. And so my question to you, both of you, today is what incentives do we have for Tribes in terms of management of their land, their conservation efforts, their natural resources? And what can we do to make sure that they see the same economic benefits that we are seeing on non-Tribal land?    Mrs. Kirkpatrick. Thank you, Chief. I have about 30 seconds left to hear from the Administrator, just your thoughts about that.    Mrs. Kirkpatrick. Great. I think it is a real opportunity for our Tribes in terms of economic development but also in terms of health opportunities, so I thank you, and I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentlelady. I now recognize my colleague from New York, Mr. Gibson, for 5 minutes.