    Ms. Amann. My name is Jennifer Amann, and I am----    Ms. Amann. I am the Buildings Program director for the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy, or ACEEE. We are a nonprofit organization that acts as a catalyst to advance energy efficiency policies, programs, technologies, investments and behavior. We were formed in 1980 by energy researchers. Personally, I have been involved in energy efficiency issues for the past 20 years with a focus on energy efficiency in buildings, appliances and equipment including lighting and electronics, the subjects of today's hearing.    National appliance and equipment efficiency standards are a proven energy saving policy. The first standards were established in 1987 and signed into law by President Reagan. ACEEE estimates that efficiency standards saved 5.4 quadrillion BTUs, or quads, of energy in 2014 alone. That is roughly five percent of total U.S. energy use in that year. Standards enacted to date will save consumers and businesses more than $1.1 trillion through 2035.    External power supplies, or EPS, are also known as power adapters, the small boxes on the cord of many small or portable electronic devices such as laptop computers, modems, cordless and cell phones. According to DOE, annual shipments of these products number about 345 million units.    In the 1990s, with the emergence of low-cost chips and portable electronics, new EPS technologies were developed to significantly reduce the size of the products while offering better performance and improved energy efficiency. A standard for EPS would capture savings from new power supply technologies across all of the broad spectrum of products that utilize external power supplies much more effectively than establishing separate standards for each of the types of products, individual classes of products that use them.    The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 established the first standard for external power supplies which took effect in 2008, and it also instructed DOE to complete future rulemakings to revise the standard as warranted. DOE estimates the standard, the initial standard, will save approximately 3.8 quads--that is equivalent to the total energy consumption of the State of Pennsylvania--and yield $42.4 billion in energy savings for products shipped from 2008 to 2032.    In February of 2014, DOE published a final rule revising the efficiency requirements for external power supplies, and these new standards take effect this February and they will reduce EPS energy use by 30 to 85 percent depending on the type of device. The new standard will yield consumer energy bill savings of approximately $3.8 billion. So the EPS standard has been very effective in achieving the intended objectives of the rule.    But at the time that EISA was enacted, solid state lighting was very much in its infancy for general service lighting applications. There were few products on the market other than for niche applications. Today, a wide variety of solid state lighting products are available, market share is growing rapidly, and the efficiency of the technology now surpasses that of other light sources making it a very important contributor to reducing national electricity use.    Solid state lighting products use power supplies, or SSL drivers, to power LED lighting. The broad definition of EPS in EISA captures, or in the Energy Policy Act captures the power supplies used with solid state lighting, but the products are somewhat different from other products using EPS. And of particular note, these products do not perform and cannot be tested when disconnected from a power using load, so they can't be shown to comply with some portions of the standard, and as a result the required efficiency requirements.    The bill under consideration would exempt those external power supplies that are used to power these lighting products from the existing EPS standards while ensuring that DOE retains the authority to set standards for these products in the future. If it is determined that there are wasteful LED power supplies on the market, DOE can then develop an appropriate test method and standard for these specific products.    The provision in the bill explicitly granting DOE authority to set future standards on these products is critical to ACEEE support for the bill. Absent passage of this technical correction, manufacturers would be at risk of selling LED lighting products that cannot be shown to meet the standard. ACEEE is satisfied with the outcome in this bill because it removes a potential obstacle to the continued growth of a leading energy efficiency technology while preserving DOE's ability to develop a standard on power supplies for these products in the future, if warranted.    This concludes my testimony and I thank you for the opportunity to present these views.    Ms. Amann. And I would say yes, we are just aware that there are efforts going on in the Senate. We haven't been as active as we are supporting the manufacturers' efforts in showing out support for it, but we are----    Ms. Amann. I would just say, so DOE has a process for companies to request a waiver if they are not able to follow the test procedures for a certain product, but that would be very time consuming and resource intensive for the manufacturers and for DOE to have to deal with those waiver applications.    Ms. Amann. Sure. So a lot of our work focuses on researching technologies and different mechanisms for bringing about energy efficiency, so on the investment side it could be financing options that increase the adoption of efficient technologies. So we look at, we keep an eye out on emerging technologies that are entering the market. We work closely with utilities and other efficiency program administrators that are spending billions of dollars a year on energy efficiency to help them identify the best opportunities, the best markets to spend their money in and to advance those technologies.    Ms. Amann. Yes. We don't actually do any of that type of thing, but we do things like we hold every year an energy efficiency finance forum where we bring together folks in the finance community to talk about different types of like new loan structures, different types of financial mechanisms for increasing investment and energy efficiency.    Ms. Amann. This year it will be in May or maybe early June. It is May or early June, and it will be in Newport, Rhode Island.    Ms. Amann . That were passed in 2007 under the EISA bill.    Ms. Amann. So in this case because the technology for the solid state lighting driver is very different from the technology that is used in a standard external power supply, so the rule doesn't appropriately apply to this other technology.    For instance, for these products I think one of the big points is part of the standard establishes what we call a ``no-load,'' a requirement for operation in no-load mode. So if you plug this into the wall and you had your phone plugged into it, once you took your phone away this would still be drawing power and you could set it, put it on a power meter and understand how much power it drew.    That is not the case with the solid state lighting drivers. They can't operate in no-load mode at all. So you can't even test them under the rules as it is set out in the standard, so you can't show whether or not it can comply with the standard. And I would ask Pekka to correct me if I made any errors in my technical explanation, or if you could clarify anything.    Ms. Amann. That is right.    Ms. Amann. In the absence of the legislation there will be a lot of uncertainty for manufacturers, and as I mentioned before, the one remedy that they have is to go through the DOE and use the waiver process or a hardship process. So there is a way to get around it, but it would be quite complicated, complex and time consuming and very inefficient use of company resources and time as well as DOE resources and time in the appliance standards program.    So I think that there would be, there is a way to get around it, but it is not, it doesn't make sense. And this legislative solution really helps us ensure that there is--everybody can be focused on getting the efficient lighting out there, but also sets the authority for DOE to set standards in the future----    Ms. Amann . As efficient technologies develop.    Ms. Amann. Amann.    Ms. Amann. Beyond the specifics of this issue I think it highlights one of the reasons that we are here today and we need legislation is because DOE doesn't have the authority to change the definition of a product if that definition is set in the statute.    So, I mean, one thing I think we can think about is where there are opportunities to allow DOE a little bit more leeway to adapt product definitions as the market changes and as new technologies are introduced as innovation continues to move forward.    Ms. Amann. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. They are spending a lot of money under as mandated by Congress to do a lot of development in solid state lighting and have really made, really worked closely with industry to improve the market conditions and advance research and development on new technologies.    Ms. Amann. I think there is room for more improvement. The technology has been surprising everybody in terms of how fast they are meeting and exceeding their goals for efficiency improvements, and at this point it is exceeding almost all other light sources in terms of its efficiency.    Ms. Amann. Sure. So in the technology that had been used for power supplies I think we can all remember the really huge, bulky power supplies, and you could never even get two in your plug. They were hot. That is a very inefficient technology that had been used throughout most of the twentieth century.    So in the '90s when new technology was developed in response to low cost for chips, the emergence of portable electronics, for the first time people wanted to carry their electronics and their power supplies. We got these new innovations that made the supplies smaller and much more efficient--much, much more efficient.    But into the 2000s those products, there were still a lot of cheap consumer products that were using the bulky, the inexpensive old school technology, and so that is why the manufacturers of those power supplies, many of them in California and other States, came together to agree on power supply standards so that we could get this new technology out there into all the different products that use power supplies.    Ms. Amann. Yes, I think so. And I would just point out, we had no idea how fast LEDs would develop and they weren't a product that was available at the time this was written. I mean, we didn't have iPhones then, smart phones. I mean, so much innovation has happened since the time that the standard was first adopted.