    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and both of the Chairs for holding this hearing. And thank you, Administrator McCarthy, for coming, for being so forthright, for not trying to duck tough issues, and for being accountable.    But I think that we still have to go back to some of the points that were made before, that the Gold King Mine spill tragedy reminds the Nation of the reality that we have ``a creeping killer in the shadows.'' There are up to a half million abandoned mines, nationwide. Many of these mines are dangerous. They are discharging toxic, acidic mine waste into our surface waters; and if we do not do anything to properly clean them up and close them down, we will have more disasters. That is it. I think that is what I have learned after being here.    I am very sorry it took this tragedy, and I am sorry for some of the actions that have been taken; but I am really glad that we are focusing our attention on what is frequently ignored or forgotten--and that is to help address this problem of abandoned mines. I point out again that Ranking Member Grijalva, many of my colleagues, and myself, have introduced legislation that would secure funding to clean up and properly close down these dangerous mines.    H.R. 963, the Hardrock Mining Reform and Reclamation Act, would also provide assistance to mining communities and ensure a fair return to taxpayers for extracting public minerals. I would like to urge all my colleagues here today to become co-sponsors of this important legislation, and help us to prevent the next abandoned mine contamination release before it happens.    Now, Administrator McCarthy, these may seem like obvious questions I have. Some have already been gone over, but I would like to get them on the record.    The EPA, as I understand, was partnering with the state of Colorado on the Gold King Mine project. Is that correct?    Mr. Lowenthal. Why was the EPA in Colorado working with the state on the Gold King Mine, as well as on other mines in the area?    Mr. Lowenthal. How did that happen? Why were we in this situation?    Mr. Lowenthal. And the question to me is--again, to clear up--why were the original mining operators--why did they not clean this up? And who will now be paying for this cleanup?    Mr. Lowenthal. So, it is the taxpayers that will be paying for this--and, not only this. As we look into the future, as you already stated, we have incomplete data as to where abandoned mines are, what toxins they are releasing into our waterways, and we are currently unable to adequately pay for the cleanup of these abandoned mines.    It seems to me, if we take a larger view of the Gold King Mine disaster, and we move forward with legislation, that something like the Hardrock Mining Reform and Reclamation Act would provide the funding for cleaning up these abandoned mine sites. Is that not so, that something like this would be appropriate?    Mr. Lowenthal. Thank you, and I yield back.